===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Humana's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone had a chance to review our press release and prepared remarks, which are available on our website. We will begin this morning with brief remarks from Jim Rechtin, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief financial officer, Celeste Mellet, which will be followed by a Q&A session where Jim and Celeste will be joined by George Renaudin, President of Humana's insurance segment. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our first quarter 2025 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. Finally, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, Humana.com, later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Rechtin: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with our start to 2025. We are reaffirming our full year guidance. We came in ahead of plan for Q1. I will note that some of the outperformance in the quarter is timing related. It is also still early in the year, so we are continuing to monitor trends. This includes changes in consumer behavior due to the IRA. There's nothing new on our litigation related to CMS' 2026 star ratings. We are still waiting on a ruling. I think the best way to describe where we are at this moment is that while there are still challenges to navigate, there are no surprises. The external environment is evolving as we expected, and we are executing against the things we control. We have scheduled an investor conference on June 16. We have three objectives. One, provide a clearer picture of the earnings power of the business. Two, explain what it will take to unlock that earnings power. And three, give you clarity on how to track our progress. Now I will briefly describe the progress we are making operationally. And as usual, I will frame my comments today around the four basic drivers of our business. That is product and experience which drive customer growth. Clinical excellence, which delivers clinical outcomes and medical margin, a highly efficient back office, and capital allocation and growth in CenterWell and Medicaid. Regarding our Medicare product and experience, there are no changes to our membership guidance for 2025. We had strong performance in OEP, and the early outlook for the rest of the year is trending positively. As we head into the bid cycle, we believe the rate notice better reflects the trend environment and should enable greater industry stability. Regarding clinical excellence, operationally, we continue to make progress on Stars. We are closing gaps in care and driving both quality and experience for our customers. For example, through recent partnerships, we are better engaging members who don't have a primary care provider. We are doing this by pairing in-person home visits with virtual health. We expect this work will close gaps in care by 25% year-over-year. Another effort is through our medication adherence campaigns in which we are seeing 30% to 50% reduction year-over-year in members with weight refills. Regarding a highly efficient back office, our G&A cost for the quarter was slightly better than expectations. This was largely due to the timing of the costs that will be incurred in the second and third quarter. However, we are also seeing good progress in our cost management efforts. One example is increased use of AI in our contact centers. This technology quickly surfaces complex information so our representatives can have more impactful interactions with our members while reducing call times. Regarding capital allocation and growth in our CenterWell and Medicaid businesses, we're seeing robust patient and membership growth in primary care and Medicaid, continued growth in our value-based models in home health, and volume growth in specialty pharmacy. Over the last year, we've added 30 new centers through acquisition and partnership, which are helping to fuel our growth in primary care. We received an intent to award notice from Illinois for their new dual eligible special needs program, and CenterWell Pharmacy has started its work as the fulfillment center for NovaCare's weight loss medication directed to cash pay customers. As you may have seen in the news yesterday, we have also reached fulfillment agreements with three other companies in the past few days. All in, I am encouraged by our recent performance and growth. And with that, I will turn it to turn it over to Celeste for a few remarks before we go to Q&A.
Celeste Mellet : Thank you, Jim. I would reinforce that while it remains early, we've had a solid start to the year. The underlying fundamentals of the business, including membership and patient growth, revenue and medical cost trends are developing as expected. And we have been doing substantial work around operating efficiencies with a focus on increasing flexibility and operating leverage while also making incremental investments to improve member and patient outcomes and support operational excellence, positioning the company for long term success. The EPS outperformance in the quarter was largely driven by a shift in the expected timing of certain expenses. As a result, we are pleased to reaffirm our full year outlook, including adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $16.25 and expected insurance segment benefit ratio of 90.1% to 90.5%. Looking ahead, we remain focused on managing the levers within our control, expanding margins and realizing the earnings potential of the business. These levers include quality with a focus on delivering industry leading Stars results on a sustainable basis, clinical excellence, operating efficiencies, and continued maturity of our Medicaid and CenterWell businesses through their respective J curves. I am also spending time ensuring every dollar of the balance sheet drives value. Given my background, this is something that has been a major focus for me in prior roles, and I see a real opportunity to continue to increase the efficiency of our balance sheet. All in, we believe there is substantial value to be unlocked at Humana over the mid and longer term, and we look forward to sharing more at our investor conference in June. With that, I will turn the call back to Lisa to start the Q&A.
Lisa Stoner: Great. Thank you, Celeste. Before starting the Q&A, just a quick reminder that to fairness and those waiting in the queue, we ask that you please try to limit yourself to one question. Operator, with that, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: I was wondering if you could help us with how much of your investments moved out of 1Q. Did it move into 2Q? And outside of the timing of that, did 1Q come in in line with your expectations?
Celeste Mellet: When we gave guidance for several hundred million dollars in investments earlier in the year, we said that the timing would be unclear. Most of the impact of the incremental investments flowed through the MLR in the first quarter. It was only about 10 basis points. That was in large part because many of the Stars investments that Jim spoke about ramped later in the quarter, and we would expect them to be higher in the second through the fourth. So still the same expectations for the level of investments in the year, just later in the year versus the first quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: I was wondering if you could give us an update on your thoughts around the path to the 3% MA margin target. Clearly, the Stars ruling will have a big impact there. But is there anything changing on kind of the overall investment focus, investment targets? And then kind of the impact you're thinking against this better than expected inmate rate update we're seeing for 2026?
James Rechtin : Largely, we would describe things as we're in the same place that we've been. We're focused on getting back to a 3% margin. As you noted, the exact timing is tied to the outcome on Stars. It's very much where we are focused, but there's no meaningful change or update from what we've communicated in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Just sticking on Stars for a second. I was hoping to see if you had any update on timing. How you are expecting to handle bids if or how we should think you're going to handle bids if you don't get an answer by the time you have to submit. And then most importantly, I remember last quarter, you talked about the fact that you had made some real progress coming out of 2024 on your Stars initiatives for 2026 Stars. Right? That'll come out in October. I'm just curious. I know it's impossible to say where you end up, obviously, given all the volatility in the cut points. But I was wondering if you could tell us if the cut points don't change, do you do you feel like you made enough progress that X cut points, you're going to see enough underlying Stars performance improvement to get your Stars back, right, or to be four stars in predominantly in 2026?
James Rechtin: Let me, hit a few things, at a high level, and then I'll hand it off to George as well. There were multiple questions in there, so I'm going to try to hit each of them. Stars litigation, we really do not have insight into the timing. It really is the legal system that dictates what that timing is, and we do not have any more visibility than you do. You know, I will let George touch on bids here in a second. And then on the outlook on Stars, I'm going to continue to reiterate that we felt good about the progress we made in the fourth quarter of last year, and we feel good about the progress we're making this year. What we're really not going to do is speculate on what exactly that means and what if the cut points are this or that. You know, that's a level of speculation that we're just not really going to entertain. But we do feel good about the progress operationally. I think that's the most important message. And, George, do you want to talk about the bids?
George Renaudin: The places where we are right now in bids is they're ongoing right now. We're actively working through the Stars strategy. And as we've talked about before, work through the mitigation diversification strategy, really with the idea of reducing the amount of concentration we have on certain contracts. As we've talked about, that's going to be a multiyear process as we work that through. We're currently working through that diversification. We're working through the bids. Given the competitive nature of the bids, we're not going to share our pricing strategy for competitive reasons, obviously, and we're not going to give any specifics there. But I will tell you that what we're looking to do is balance membership and margins, focusing on maximizing long-term earnings power of the business, and we have to keep that in mind for the future as well. So that's our take going into it. With regard to some of the targets, as we've talked about before, we've set internal targets contemplating an appropriate buffer as we have our internal teams working towards ever increasing performance. And so that's the take we're going to have there and that we have to have in order to make sure that we return to industry leading Stars results.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Mok with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Can you provide more color on your experience in Part D relative to expectations? And specifically, can you comment on the pace that seniors are tracking into the catastrophic phase? And are there any early indications for how senior behavior or manufacturer behavior is changing this year?
Celeste Mellet: A few things. One, generally, across our business are trending in line and consistent with our expectations. Our guidance contemplated on the medical side, mid-single digit growth in trend, and that's consistent with what we're seeing. And on the pharmacy side, low double digit growth, and that is also consistent with what we're seeing. We have seen some of the dynamics that have been called out, including higher trends in oncology. We did see that last year and, again, contemplated in our guidance. Everything is tracking in line, generally in line with our expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. There's been a lot of membership change on the, individual side of the business in particular. I guess, could you walk us through your visibility on risk adjustment at this point in year and whether that needs to be thought about differently from a visibility point of view versus maybe the recent few years? And then I imagine you've gone back and probably done some diligence on Group MA in light of some of the industry commentary over the past couple of weeks. Let's get a better sense of kind of maybe what you've looked at on the group MA side. And, obviously, the PMPMs are up there, a decent amount more than the individual books. Just trying to make sure that you don't feel like you're seeing some kind of behavioral response to that.
George Renaudin: Hey. It's George. Thanks for the question. So I'll talk a little bit about the membership shifts we're seeing, then I'll hit on group a real briefly. With regard to the membership shifts we're seeing, we're pleased with our membership changes to date given the members that we gained versus those we exited. We are focused on the long term earnings power of the business, and what we're seeing is a shift to higher lifetime value segments and membership. We're seeing strong year to date performance in markets with a high concentration of members in our best performing markets, including markets such as Florida, Illinois, and Texas. We're seeing a higher than historical percentage of our non-DSNP members coming from other plans, which has some good implications for the MRA question that you asked. We want members with sustainable margin. They're pleased with the progress we've made there. So on the individual side, we're very pleased with our strategy thus far, and that's playing out as we had desired. On the group MA side, group MA is performing as expected to date. Revenue medical cost trends developing in line with our expectations. You may recall that in past quarters, we've talked about the fact that the group segment is one that has had historical multiyear rate change guarantees, and that has led to some degradation as we have expected and is in our earnings guidance. We remain focused on improving those MA margins through renewal cycles. And what I can say today is that we've not seen any changes in behavior concerning trends due to that repricing activity. So we're happy with where we are with Group MA and that it is in line with our expectations.
Celeste Mellet: And if I could add just to clarify, everything is in line with our expectations to date for both the health plan and CenterWell as it as it relates to MRA and revenue. The V28 impact is as expected as it was for 2024. And as a reminder, we did call out a pretty significant Humana health plan impact from B28 last year. We called out about a 160 basis point impact for 2025, and that is playing out as expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from AJ Rice with UBS.
AJ Rice: Thanks for the comments so far. I guess I'm just trying to think through. You have reiterated that you still have a long term target of 3% pretax margin in MA. There's a lot of moving parts. Obviously, the open Stars litigation, the Part D changes, and how that may play out next year depending on how they do the demonstration project, etc. But you do have a better than expected rate update. When you throw all that and everything else into the mix, the trajectory that you're on, I know we'll get more detail at the Investor Day, but is there any high level comments you can make about whether the trajectory's changed, your optimism about the progression you can make in '26, '27, and '28 back toward your target margins?
James Rechtin: Yeah. Hey, AJ. It's Jim. I'll start off here, and then we'll see if there's anything to add. The headline is if you set Stars aside, we feel good about the underlying progress of the business. And then the challenge, of course, is then to reconcile that with the Stars outcomes that are unknown. And so we do feel good about the underlying progress of the business. And to your point, one of our objectives at the investor conference is to be able to provide a little bit more color into what does that mean and how can you see it. You hit all of the many variables that are largely external that we're having to navigate. And, yeah, there's a whole bunch of puts and takes in there. The rate notice does better reflect trends, and there are regulatory headwinds that we're still navigating. You know what they all are. They're not new. And we expect that to continue. There's going to be puts and takes in the external environment. What we are really focused on are what are the things that we can control. And there are things that we can control around medical cost, around G&A around, obviously, Stars. And that really is differentially where we're focused, and that's where we're going to spend most of our time when we get to the investor conference.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Good morning. Could you provide an overview of the integration strategies you have between the insurance segment and CenterWell? And within that, can you share performance trends on some of the cohorts and how those have been moving through CenterWell in recent years? I'm really just looking for an update on sort of levels of success you're having in these VDC arrangements and maybe how you plan to accelerate or not accelerate that in the future?
James Rechtin: I'll start, and then George may add some pieces on the, integration component of the question. At the highest level, what I would, again say is we're seeing strong patient growth. We're seeing that both because we're adding clinics and we're seeing it within clinics. So we're seeing it on both sides, so that's a positive. The member growth within maturing clinics is largely in line with where we have been modeling it and expecting it and forecasting it. And so, again, we feel good about that. The V28 mitigation efforts are continuing to take hold, and the V28 impact is not really much different at all from what we modeled a couple years ago. It's almost spot on. And so in total, the we feel very good about the primary care business and the direction it's headed in. Obviously, the J curves are multiyear. It takes time to work through those. Like, this is an investment that you have to have some patients around, but we feel very good about the nature of the investment and where it's headed. And you're seeing each tranche of new centers performing pretty consistently in the J curve as you would hope or expect. And so that's kind of where we're at broadly. And then I'm going to make one comment on integration and I'm going to let George jump in. The main message across CenterWell, so this is not just primary care. This is across all three pieces of CenterWell, is that all three of those businesses have positive contributions to our Stars performance within the plan, to our accurate diagnosis and follow-up preventative care, and the impact that has on the plan, and with retention of members. And so when you really think about, hey. How does that business help? It helps us with the core parts of how you deliver care effectively to MA members, and that's good for the plan. Like, that is it in a nutshell. With that, I'm going to hand it to George. He can give you a couple of specific examples.
George Renaudin: Hey, Jim. Thanks. So we're seeing a growing share of our members with CenterWell PCO with our primary care organization, which is a big positive. And as in line with that, you also see the interaction with our CenterWell Pharmacy and CenterWell Home. And the general thing that we see there is better health outcomes. For example, reduced ER visits, better, care in all sorts of medical adherence measures, better care as far as screenings go, and, frankly, just more interactions with the patient and our member, which is all very positive, which leads to the Stars results that Jim just mentioned being positive and higher retention. So all in all, the continuing strategy and the interaction between the insurance side of the business and CenterWell side of the business is very integrated. We are constantly figuring out how we can work better together to deliver better results for our members and their patients.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanna Gajuk with Bank of America.
Joanna Gajuk: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. So on CenterWell, actually, one question there. What drove outperformance in that segment earnings? You said something in the release along the lines of there's some timing. So I guess before, you were talking about some shifts in in timing around the investments you were making around Stars. But was there something else that was maybe different in CenterWell? Can you talk about the results in the quarter? Thank you.
Celeste Mellet: Hi. It's Celeste. So about a third of our beat in the quarter was driven by CenterWell, and so that beat was driven predominantly by PCO and pharmacy. So some is timing related in terms of admin expense, but there is a portion that could be durable, such as favorable pharmacy drug mix. Specifically, we saw favorability on the specialty side, including better than expected mix and strong agnostic sales. And then on the PCO side, we did have higher than expected patient growth. And then there was some PPD favorability, which we don't expect to repeat. So this could be terrible, but it's early in the year, and we're keeping an eye on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.
Lance Wilkes: Great. Again, on CenterWell, could you talk a little bit about, how the individual businesses within CenterWell are performing relative to your 25 and long term kind of target margin expectations? And within primary care, can you talk a little bit about what drove the external revenue growth there? And in general, maybe just a little color on the puts and takes on internal and versus external patient growth.
Celeste Mellet: Thanks. Hey. It's Celeste. So as I had called out, we had about a third of our beat in the quarter was driven by CenterWell. Home was in line. PCO was ahead of expectations. Pharmacy was ahead of expectations. As I called out, some of the pharmacy and PCO components, the specialty mix and the patient growth could be durable for the year and drive higher results for the year, but it's too early to call out or it's too early to call on that. In terms of I'm trying to make hopefully, I'm answering your question the right way. The revenue growth in CenterWell was driven by a combination of the patient growth, the higher than expected patient growth, as well as some favorable PPD. So the patient growth could sustain itself. The PPD was not typically higher in the first quarter. Because of the outperformance in CenterWell we did have variability in our benefit ratio in the quarter, over the course of the year, we would expect the benefit ratio for insurance and the consolidated to be consistent. In this case, the consolidated was lower because of that outperformance, and that's really driven by intercompany eliminations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: On the Medicaid side of the business, how are you thinking now in terms of visibility into that state rate mismatch and how that's progressing now and your confidence in terms of as we go into the second half and resolution of that, and anything in terms of calling out in terms of utilization across that business?
George Renaudin: Hey. Hello. It's George. I'll take this one. So Medicaid's emerging, as we've talked about, is a pretty strong scaled business with a lot of potential earnings contribution as we go forward. Right now, what we're seeing is Medicaid is performing in in line with our expectations for the quarter, and we are prouder and prouder every day to serve an ever growing group of Medicaid members working with our safe partners. The Medicaid success is something that we're very proud of. We've we're presenting a fresh new face on Medicaid through our company through the Healthy Horizons product that we have, and we're excited about the success we've had there. We continue to have strong growth. We've had approximately a hundred thousand growth year to date in line with the 175,000 to 250,000 growth we expected for the year. We're very excited about starting to get to a footprint of 13 states. Georgia declined to rebid the contract, which we were glad to see. And we were selected, as Jim talked about in his opening remarks, for new Illinois contracts for the FIDE and LTSS business. That's pretty exciting because it opens up access to 450,000 duals in Illinois, which is a major win for us, and we're very excited about that. The expansion population continues to grow for us. Virginia implementation is on track and going well. And what we're seeing is modest improvement in margins in '25 as our rates are adjust to reflect recent trend experience. So overall, we're happy with where we are. We're growing it as we've expected, and we're seeing trends in line with our expectations.
James Rechtin: I'm going to add just one thing. You had add asked about visibility into kind of state level rate adjustments. One of the benefits of having now expanded into more states and more programs is that while you're not going to get every state right every year, the broader this program grows, the more you can forecast it across states. And so, we did not get every single state right this last cycle, and I'm sure we will not get every state right in the next cycle. But across the states, it actually was, once again, pretty close to where we expected it to be. And we think we've built in pretty reasonable expectations for the back half of this year and the adjustments that we'll see there as well.
George Renaudin: Yeah. That's fair, Jim. And I'll also add that our state partners have been very collaborative in working with us on those rates, and we do have visibility now to 76% of our ratings for this year. So, again, we feel very good about where we are in our projections.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
LisaGill: Thanks very much, and good morning. Celeste, I want to go back to your comment around mid-single digit trend that you're seeing on the medical side. Can you maybe just talk about the level of visibility you have? And did you see any variability as you were exiting the quarter? And then just secondly, I just want to make sure I understand the cadence of earnings. I think that you noted that 60% to 65% of Part D is coming in Q1 because of the changes under IRA. Is there anything else we should be aware of as we think about the cadence of earnings throughout 2025?
Celeste Mellet: So as I called out, '25 trends are generally developing as expectations. As you know, the first quarter flu season was heavy. We did anticipate that because it started later. It didn't scale up in the fourth quarter as it normally would. And we also were in the middle of the spike when we gave our guidance. Beyond the flu, based on the data we have today, trends are developing as expected. We have data through the end of April, and nothing that we've seen gives us pause. So, so far in line with our expectations and what's built into our guidance range. In terms of the cadence of earnings, to your question, our earnings will be front loaded, predominantly driven by IRA. So higher in the first, lower in the second, lower in the third, lower in the fourth. You can see the opposite move. So lower in the first, higher in the second, higher in the third, higher in the fourth in terms of the benefit ratio. One other thing to consider as it relates to the end of the year is that our guidance does anticipate a doc fix in late in the third quarter or in the fourth quarter. And the impact of that, typically a full year is you get a full year impact, which you have to recognize in a very short period of time. That would be reflected possibly just in the fourth quarter depending on when it comes through. So that would put pressure on the end of the year, but it's contemplated within our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hall with Baird. Thank you.
Michael Hall: Just a quick clarification first. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned remaining committed to individual MA margins of at least 3% over time. That change in wording from '27 to overtime, anything to read into there, is that implying '27 still the target? And I understand your '25 adjusted EPS guide unchanged, but GAAP EPS revised lower by about a $1.20 or 8%. Looks like there's a pretty large put call valuation adjustment made for your CenterWell primary care centers. Are you marking down the fair value of those centers? Curious if you could talk us through that. And I know, Jim, you mentioned your confidence on V28 mitigation efforts. So just wanted to clearly ask, is there any change at all in this post V28 world in your thinking, your viewpoint on the expected J curve of these primary care centers, the overall cohort maturation story, and value based care. Meaning, all of your most mature cohorts are still expected to do the same targeted margin going forward as you had targeted pre V28? So, basically, no structural impairment at all to value based care because of V28?
James Rechtin: Yes. There are a bunch of pieces in there. I will try to hit a few and then see if the team wants to hit any of the others. Let me start with the 3%. I was not intending to make any change from past commentary. So we are still targeting '27. We don't see any reason that we would not be back to normalized margins in '27 at this point in time. And, obviously, it's 2027. But no change from what we've said historically on that front. And then the going back to the J Curves and the CenterWell business, the no structural impairment to the performance of those businesses. So once again, we have operationalized or are in the process of operationalizing things that will offset the impact of V28. We expect those J curves to mature as we would before, and the team's doing really good work to make sure that that happens.
Celeste Mellet: Just to add, first, the ability to hit the MA margin will be partially dependent on Stars. So that will be a big important piece for 2027. Second, as it relates to the move and the put call, it's a pretty it's a very complicated calculation. There is no implication that we are writing down those assets. It's unrelated to V28. It's just that there's a lot of ins and outs in that calculation. There's nothing to read into the adjustment in the GAAP EPS guidance.
George Renaudin: And can I just add as well that the disproportionate impacts of V28 for high acuity patients was something that was well understood and considered in our forecast, the bid work we've done, the bid work we're doing now? And we have shared in the past, as Celeste said, I think, early on in the call, that, that impact on both health plan CenterWell side was, very well understood, and it's trending as we've expected. As a reminder, we called out very early the significant, health plan impact in versus the industry where we had a higher impact because of a greater share of members with high performing value based providers, and that's, been continuing to be true and is in line with our expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: I believe in I want to focus on membership, please. Included in the membership decline this year was, I think, about a 140,000 duals. I'm wondering if you could comment on the magnitude of margin help you get this year from exiting that particular block of business, would you aspire to try to get those back in future years? And does 2026 contemplate any more additional exits, or is that completely done? I think you said that in the past, but I don't remember your answer.
Celeste Mellet: Thank you. Hey. We have said without specifically getting into member cohorts, so the hundred thousand level, is that we targeted and have seen a material improvement in our margins through the plans and the markets that we exited. And, we're not going to get on to more specifics. As it relates to duals, to the extent pursuing those members drive sustainable long term value for us, we will target them, but we are not going to chase growth for growth's sake if it does not drive sustainable long term value.
George Renaudin: The only thing I would add to that, Celeste, is that the additional recent wins we've had in Medicaid really is setting us up for a good grounding as we are preparing ourselves for success in that marketplace, which opens up many dual markets just as the example I gave regarding Illinois earlier.
James Rechtin: Hey. I'm going to add one more thing. I believe you asked, how are we thinking about exits in 2026? Every year, there's some puts and takes on, places where you're adding plans and stepping away from plans, but we expect it to be a normal year. We're not expecting an outsized level of exits the way that we did this past year. This past year largely did what we wanted and needed it to do. And, again, we're looking at kind of the normal puts and takes you would see in most years as we head into 2026.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: I wanted to follow-up on the visibility to cost trend. Celeste, said you had data through the April. I assume that you meant that was for pharmacy and not for core medical. So I'd be interested in your comments on kind of core medical visibility, where you are here, and where you think you are from the end of the year. And then I wanted to follow-up quickly on Dave's question on membership acuity. And I guess if you look at the total individual book, we know that you lost about the 40,000 dual members. I guess, I would just love macro comments on how much member acuity the entire book came down and comments on how you think about that as it relates to profitability. And do you feel like you're seeing better member profitability pursuing a lower acuity book of business or a higher acuity book of business?
Celeste Mellet: So in terms of data, we have authorization data, claims data, as well as insights from our CenterWell assets, including SNF insights from One Home, drug pipeline and authorizations from our pharmacy, which can be a very, very early indicator of challenges if they are arising, patient utilization from PCO. And we also spent a lot of time with other provider and vendor partners. And nothing we're seeing through the April suggests trends outside of our guidance. In terms of complete claims, we have fully completed claims, mostly fully completed claims through the end of February, but significant data through the end of April.
George Renaudin: And then so I'll ask with regard to your other question about member acuity, I'll just repeat what I said before regarding we're seeing a shift to higher lifetime value segments. We have strong in-year performance in markets where we have very good performing value based partners like Florida and Illinois and Texas, and we continue to see that develop as we would like it to as this year goes on. And we're also seeing an interesting thing that we're seeing right now is higher overall member bounce back rates in OEP than we are expecting, which is all very positive to our projections.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anne Hines with Mizuho.
AnneHines: Hi, good morning. Thank you. What is the V28 headwind in 2026 MA rates versus the 160 basis bps in 2025?
George Renaudin: I'm not sure exactly, where that question, how to answer it other than to say that, you know, V28 was phased in over three years. And so when we gave our guidance and when we talked about what we thought the impact was going to be for V28, it is exactly in line with what we talked about at the time. We called out that significant impact versus the industry that CMS released in their note, and we're seeing it develop just as we said, where for us, it's about a 160 basis points higher than what CMS has said the industry impact would be.
James Rechtin: Hey. I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and I want to thank you for your interest in Humana. I also want to thank our 65,000 associates who serve our members and patients every day. We appreciate everybody's support, and we hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Humana Inc.'s Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you'll need to press star one one on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star one one again. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Lisa Stoner, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. Hope everyone had a chance to review our press release and prepared remarks which are available on our website. We will begin this morning with brief remarks from James Rechtin, Humana Inc.'s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Celeste Malay, Chief Financial Officer. This will be followed by a Q&A session where James and Celeste will be joined by George Renaudin, President of Humana Inc.'s Insurance segment. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-Ks or other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission in our fourth quarter 2024 earnings press release, as they relate to forward-looking statements along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are also available on our investor website. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. Finally, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana Inc.'s website, Humana.com, later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to James Rechtin.
James Rechtin: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I have three topics today. First, we have some new members of the team to introduce. I am going to spend a minute talking about our performance through the framework of the four levers that drive this business. Those are the levers that were introduced in the CEO letter last summer. And I'll spend a minute on industry context. First, let me just reinforce a couple of headlines. 2024 adjusted EPS is in line with our initial guidance. This does include the investment that we made in stars and in growth in the back portion of the year. We are reaffirming our 2025 outlook. We remain committed to achieving at least a 3% margin in individual MA. We do view 2025 as a key year in that journey. And we have some new management team members to help us bring fresh perspectives to that task. I'm pleased to introduce them today. I'll start with Celeste Malay, our new Chief Financial Officer. Celeste joins us with a lot of experience leading finance in organizations that have worked their way through difficult external headwinds. This is a good experience given the circumstances in our sector over the past couple of years, and today. This includes her experience at Morgan Stanley and at Fannie Mae. You will, of course, be hearing from Celeste today, and I look forward to introducing you in a moment. We also have Michelle O'Hara joining us as Chief Human Resources Officer. Her experience has been focused on evolving HR capabilities through periods of change. She comes to us from SAIC. And we're introducing Joppa Mehta as our new Chief Information Officer. Joppa brings a wealth of experience managing large IT organizations in scale-regulated industries. He also has experience using data and digital to better engage. This is a big part of our future, we believe. He was most recently at Citi. Now let me turn to the four things that drive this business. The first of those four levers is product experience, which drives customer growth, retention, and lifetime customer value. In this area, we feel that we are moving in the right direction, though we also believe that we're just scratching the surface of what can be done. As a reminder, in 2024, we proved to have a good year of growth with nearly 5% membership growth. Despite repricing our product to reflect the elevated medical cost trend that we began to see nearly two years ago. When we look at the most recent AEP and expectations for 2025, we are accomplishing the things we wanted to achieve. We're shedding unprofitable plans, we're resetting expectations in lower margin plans, and we are shifting our membership mix with a focus on sustainable long-term value. The membership losses that we've experienced have largely been consistent with our strategy. The exception to this is our position in the D SNP space. However, we are comfortable that we can quickly improve our positioning in this space. I also want to emphasize that we feel very good about the new member mix that we've been attracting. The second lever is clinical excellence. This is the engine of the business. When we deliver better outcomes for our members and our patients, we also reduce system cost. When we reduce system costs, we improve our own product profitability. Clinical excellence starts with delivering on STAR's performance. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we closed 650,000 care gaps. This is a significant improvement from where we started in September. We feel good about the progress that we made over the last quarter of the year. And the question, of course, is will these steps that we've taken be enough to return us to an industry-leading position in 2027? As we acknowledged back in October, it will be tight. And ultimately, it will depend on the final threshold. Having said that, I will reemphasize that we feel good about the progress we made in the fourth quarter. We are right now putting all of our energy into which is bonus year 2028, where we have a full year of runway to drive operating. Our third lever is operating with a highly efficient back office. We have made a lot of progress in this domain over the course of the last couple of years. In 2024, we improved our operating expense ratio by 40 basis points. Just to provide a few examples of what enabled this, we optimized our care model, we unified shipping activities across the enterprise, we outsourced some non-core capabilities, and we streamlined our internal distribution. I'd like to note that our internal distribution team performed better this year than ever. Even while driving efficiency. Efficiency does not mean a decline in performance levels when we do it the right way. It is important for our team to note this and for our investors to recognize. Despite the good progress over the past few years, we believe there is more to do. And we expect to communicate a path towards additional efficiencies in the upcoming months. Finally, let me touch on the last lever, which is capital allocation and growth. We feel good about the opportunities we found to expand our primary care footprint in the second half of 2024. We also feel good about the continued expansion of Medicaid organic. However, in the near future, we will need to strike a balance. Priority number one is recovering in a margin as we have repeatedly said. This will require being prudent with our balance sheet as we navigate the stars and we must continue to grow our earnings capacity through organic reinvestment and acquisitions. This is clearly a second priority, but it is a priority nonetheless. Both CinerWell and Medicaid are important enablers of our long-term strategy. We will be thoughtful in identifying opportunities that make sense in our current environment, that allow us to continue to grow our earnings capacity while being prudent with our balance sheet. Now let me spend just a moment on the insurance industry and on Medicare Advantage. It's been a volatile couple of years and more so it's been a volatile few months. The US healthcare system is complicated, fragmented, and it's expensive. I think all of that has been pretty well established. Americans, understandably, want high-quality affordable care that is easy to navigate. Too often, that is not what they are receiving today. There is no one company and there's no one sector that is responsible for it. It is a system challenge. It is the challenge of our American healthcare system. Still, as I mentioned in my CEO letter last summer, Medicare Advantage plays an important role. Medicare Advantage delivers better outcomes than original Medicare. If you need evidence of this, look at the steady improvement in HEDIS performance that has been driven by MA programs. Medicare Advantage operates more efficiently than original Medicare. This can be demonstrated in our recently published value-based care report or through the work done jointly with Harvard University looking at value-based primary care, which operates inside of the Medicare Advantage system. Medicare Advantage also enables more affordable healthcare access to seniors. There is a reason that more than 50% of eligible Americans choose Medicare Advantage. It is of good value. It makes healthcare more affordable and easier to access. And, of course, the Medicare Advantage program can be improved. We are open to partnering with anyone interested in engaging constructively to do that. In the meantime, there are things that we, Humana Inc., can do on our own. While we cannot fix the entire healthcare system on our own, we can make it easier for our patients and our members to navigate. We can make it easier to understand what our members will have to pay when they see a doctor or require a procedure. We can do more to support our members with reminders to do preventative care and to manage their chronic illnesses. We can take complicated healthcare topics and we can communicate about them more clearly and simply to our members. We can provide them better service every time they call us with a question. Those are the things that we can do. That is our intent. And that is the work that is underway within Humana Inc. With that, I will turn it over to Celeste for her to share a few words on her first month at Humana Inc. Celeste.
Celeste Malay: Thank you, James. I'll start by echoing your belief in Humana Inc.'s value proposition. This is a great company with a long successful history, strong DNA, and differentiated capabilities that has demonstrated it can improve outcomes for members and patients while driving significant value for shareholders. Our long-term potential remains strong. Our industry is in transition, facing significant regulatory and other headwinds. I have had the opportunity to lead companies in regulated industries through similar periods of volatility. It is incumbent upon us to evolve how we serve our members and operate the business to be more nimble, better able to absorb fluctuations, and more consistently deliver compelling financial performance and shareholder value. As we execute on the four levers James has articulated, we will be stronger and better. I am thrilled to join an incredible team that will guide Humana Inc. through this transition. I have enjoyed getting to know my team and many of my colleagues over the last several weeks. It has been great to see how talented and committed the company is to serving our members and patients. I am energized by the opportunity to bring a fresh perspective and challenge the organization to rethink our norms so we are constantly improving. While at the same time ensuring the aspects of our culture that have been so critical to our past successes are retained. And enabling long-term profitable sustainable growth. And I look forward to working with many of the participants on this call over the coming months. With that, I will turn the call back to Lisa to start the Q&A.
Lisa Stoner: Great. Thank you, Celeste. Before starting the Q&A, just a quick reminder that to fairness in those waiting in the queue, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. So operator, with that, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Hello. Good morning.
James Rechtin: Can you hear me?
Lisa Stoner: Yes. Good morning. Hey, Ann.
Ann Hynes: Okay. Sorry. Yeah. There was a kind of a time out. Okay. I just want to focus on 2025 MLR guidance. Can you just break down the levers of the increase? What base are you assuming? What's the overall cost trend? How much is driven by IRA changes and what the impact of the greater than expected loss of decent amount of MLR, that'd be great. Thank you.
Celeste Malay: Hi, Ann. It's Celeste. Thanks for your question. So to give you some additional color on top of what we included in our prepared remarks, first, I'll give you the drivers of the decreases in the ratio, which are improving the ratio. First, the majority of the improvement is driven from the MA plan exits, which all had very high benefit ratios. We also made other adjustments to our benefits in our remaining plans, which also improve the ratio. And then finally, the favorable calendar in 2025, given both how the days fall, and the extra day in 2024 due to leap year. Second, the increases to the ratio, which are our drag, first, business mix changes given Medicaid is growing. Medicaid carries a higher benefit ratio versus MA, as you know. Second, the IRA impact, which increases the benefit ratio given increased revenue with offsetting increases in claims. And third, incremental investments, which are important to the long term, but increase the benefit ratio in the near term. The arrows we provided in our prepared remarks are in order of size. And we gave you the puts and takes, but we'll leave the modeling to you in terms of the impact overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. As you might expect, people are trying to look for now that you gave us 2025, trying to look through 2026 and understand the moving parts there. Maybe you could just say, hey. Assume you're gonna give us a lot more at the investor day once you have the outcome of the appeal. But maybe you could just frame for us if you think about it in two, you know, two buckets. One, the core business. Last year, you said before the rates came out disappointing, you the company could grow six to ten dollars of earnings. Rates seem to be coming in better. Is that a reasonable framework x the x the stars? And then how would you think about stars relative to that to give us an idea of how 2026 kind of moving parts might shape up. Thanks.
James Rechtin: Hey. Thanks, Justin. Let me just, you know, start by acknowledging that you know, we typically do not provide guidance that far out all the way out to 2026. And really, that is driven by several of the factors that you just outlined. There's a bunch of unknowns that we're still navigating. The STARS litigation is a big piece of that. The final funding for MA is a big piece of that. Obviously, the preliminary notice is out. Things can change between the preliminary notice and the final rate notice, and so we'll be waiting to see how that plays out. What I can tell you is that what we are focused on differentially is how do we drive operating performance? And so what are the things that we can do fully under our control to get better at managing the business? When we do that, that leads us to a place where we can get to a sustainable compelling competitive position in the market, and then you know, look at some level pricing and benefits become easier and they take care of themselves if we're nailing that underlying operating performance. And so that's really where the orientation is right now on 2026. And, you know, when we talk about operating performance, what are we talking about? We're talking about that second and that third lever. It's clinical excellence. And all the components that go into it. And it is driving an efficient back office. Those two things, more than anything else, is really the focus for 2026. But we're not yet ready to provide guidance around that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: Thank you. How do you think about the path to 3% margins? Does that assume any sort of stars improvement needed to get there? How does that balance against what you're doing on cost and pricing? Do you think the book has to shrink further to get there? And then should we think about that as being ratable or back end loaded? Thanks.
James Rechtin: Yeah. The way to think about STARS, I'm sorry. The way to think about the 3% margin is, yes, you would need to have a competitive stars position. And I'm going to go a little bit back to where I was before. You need to have a reasonably normalized rate environment. And then you need to have optimal operating performance on the levers that I just described on clinical excellence, which again is stars. It is accurately understanding our patients' needs. And doing the follow-up care that goes with that, all of which then positively impacts both quality and medical trends. And then you need to optimize G&A. You need to be at a competitive place on G&A. When you get those things right, you have the financial capacity to price your benefits competitively in the market and achieve 3%. So STARS is absolutely a part of that. But that's the those are the operating levers that we are super, super, super focused on because those are what give you the freedom to price the right way in the market. And, you know, look, we feel like we have opportunities in every one of those. And that's that is what we're driving right now. Some of those will hit in 2026, some of those will hit after 2026. But it'll be a steady march.
Celeste Malay: Yes. James, if I can add to that, you know, one of the things you've talked a lot about in the past, I think, to this audience is we need to get better at multiyear planning including getting better at looking around corners and looking ahead. We have to be a lot more proactive in our decision making and planning to be much more flexible to react more quickly, and we need to be better at making trade-offs really creating the capacity as you called out for the most important thing. We need to be ruthless about stopping things that are not driving better outcomes for our members and better returns for our shareholders. And again, really focusing on creating capacity to do the things we really want to do and creating the most long-term value. As part of this, we'll continue to assess how to balance the aspects of our cost structure that are fixed versus variable and how we evolve to over the longer period of time become more variable in our structure. I really believe there's an opportunity here which will allow us to absorb change faster and drive more consistent results. Along with stars, this is one of our top priorities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. You spoke to a few hundred million of investments that are sort of offsetting the underlying earnings growth in 2025. Can you just give some details on, like, the major buckets of those few hundred million? And then are those going to be ongoing each year? Are those truly one-time in nature? Then, obviously, the last one may be more of a follow-up even on the prior discussion, but should we think of 2025 as a floor EPS number or do you need to win the appeal on STARS for that to happen?
Celeste Malay: Hi. Thanks for your question. So just to be clear, we make investments in our business every year. What we've called out and what's included in our guidance are incremental investments of a few hundred million. It's just across a set of initiatives, designed to improve our operating performance. So we're focused on STARS, of course. We're investing in clinical excellence, membership strategies, and other areas. And we'll share more detail as the year progresses as to where this, you know, the ratios they hit, either the operating cost ratio or the benefit ratio. And we'll leave it at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanna Gajuk with Bank of America. Joanna, your line may be on mute. Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. And good luck to Celeste in the new position. Look forward to working together. Let me maybe just come back to the Star's commentary. Obviously, for 2026 payment year, a lot's riding on the appeal and so forth. But I noticed in your prepared remarks, the way you're describing and I know this is out there, but we're also trying to just think about the earnings power of the company. Going forward. There's discussion about 2027 payment year. It sounds sort of cautious about that, but then 2028 sounds like the year where you think the investments you're making will bear fruit and pay off. I'm trying to understand the issues around 2026 stars seem to be totally different than what you're highlighting. Or quite different than what you're highlighting for 2027. And maybe that's some of the underlying way in which STAR's calculations are changing. I wonder if you could speak a little more to why there's a little bit of caution on 2027 and whether a favorable appeal on 2026 makes any difference for 2027. And the 2028 seems like the year where you really think you'll and these are payment years, obviously, really be back to a normalized star rating level.
James Rechtin: Yeah. Hey, A.J. This is James. Let me take this one. First of all, let me just start by saying we are not trying to communicate anything different about 2027 than what we communicated back in October. So we are trying to hit the same tone. If anything, I think what we'd say is we feel good about the operating progress that we made in the fourth quarter of the year. So that actually is a positive. We communicated that there would be uncertainty because of threshold movement back in October and we are simply reiterating that that still remains the case. Right? Like, there's just a bunch of uncertainty around the thresholds, and we want to be clear and transparent about that. But that is not different. So now let me try to tease apart the different pieces here real quick. So 2026, again, not much we can say about the litigation. It's progressing as you would expect. It is unrelated to 2027. So whatever happens in 2026, with the litigation does not impact performance in 2027. 2027, I'm just gonna reiterate it one more time. We feel good about the progress we made operationally in the fourth quarter. I think we told everybody I know we told everybody back in October that the thresholds that came out last year represented a different level of performance than what we had anticipated at the time. We were resetting our targets in the fourth quarter to reflect that and we were on a sprint. We did sprint, we made a lot of progress. We feel good about the progress. And we don't know what the thresholds are gonna look like next year. Like, it's kind of that plain and simple. And then as we move into the current measurement year, so think about the activities that we're doing right now in 2025, that influence 2028. We have a whole year of runway now. And we have the ability to layer in more buffer or more cushion to our targets. And so we feel better entering with the new year with a full year's worth of runway. And that's really what we're trying to convey to everybody. George, is there anything I was wordy there.
George Renaudin: No. That's okay, James. I would just add to that, A.J., that you know, we saw that a lot of the new things we tested in the fourth quarter of last year delivered the results we are looking for. We saw great progress from the outreach we did to our members. We saw great progress of our teams working with our providers through various means to help our providers close gaps in care, and we also have seen great progress in our working with our vendor relationships. So on every front that we talked about back in October and before that when we had our stars update, we have made significant progress. We feel very good about that progress. As James said, though, we are taking a very prudent approach to how we think about setting our threshold and targets in the future and have set them away to have them be a significant stretch to our organization to push them to continue to excel. And so that's the reason for some of the caution you're hearing. And that we are pushing our teams. We've seen great progress and feel good about where we stand right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: Hey. Thank you very much. You discussed in your prepared remarks higher than expected D SNP attrition for the year and caution around change in SCP rules. And he was wondering if you could provide some more detail around how you're thinking about the range of outcomes there. And then by extension, how is the attrition you saw in the SEP in the that population kinda impacting or informing your NCR guidance range? Thanks.
James Rechtin: I'll start and then maybe, Celeste, add on the benefit ratio. So look, first of all, we are pleased with the outcomes of our AEP given the members we gain versus those we lost. We have seen that our pricing strategy worked and that we are retaining members that are on path to necessary margin recovery expansion that is critical to the points that James made before. We are seeing members that have a shift to higher lifetime value segments and membership. We're seeing strong performance to date in markets with a strong concentration of our best value-based partners including states like Florida, Illinois, and Texas. We are seeing higher than historical percentage of our non-SNP, our core members, sales coming from members switching from our competitor MA plans. And as James mentioned, we're seeing continued shift to our higher value distribution channels. So all those things feel good. In our pricing strategy. However, as you point out, we were retained fewer members than we expected in our dual products. There's a lot to be learned there and we are learning from that. We have a number of pilots in the AEP that will help us progress toward our strategies moving forward and help in our pricing as James has called out. I would also add that when you think about the dual product, don't disconnect that from the very exciting success we've had in Medicaid RFPs. With the recent wins we've had in Georgia and Texas, that takes us to thirteen states. And as I think you all are aware, the connection between Medicare and Medicaid is growing stronger and the integration and the rules are coming. And so having a larger Medicaid footprint successfully implementing those states will also help us going into the future. So while we retain fewer members and we feel good about how we're set up for the future.
Celeste Malay: Thanks, George. Just to come back to what I had said earlier on the benefit ratios, so the majority of the improvement that the underlying improvement is from plan exits. But if you recall, we deliberately exited unprofitable plans to additional CSNIP losses helps on the margin, but most of the underlying benefit improvement was something we did very intentionally. And then we also made some adjustments to benefits in our remaining plans. So the improvements are very intentional. Just one thing I wanted to add to George's comments on D SNP is thirty thousand of the D SNP losses were due to redetermination. As you know, the way each state did it varied from state to state. So about thirty thousand was included in that number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with Leerink Partners.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. May have missed this, but just wanted to get an update on expectations for Part D seasonality this year given all the changes this year and the higher deductibles that we see in the market. So just any observations would be helpful. Thanks.
George Renaudin: Hi, Whit. It's George. So as we think about our PDP strategy, you know, we are pricing for margin given the additional risk of the IRA. And we've taken a very disciplined approach to how we're pricing that given that increased plan liability. As you know, we're participating in the premium stabilization demonstration. And we are expecting to see growth of roughly two hundred thousand members versus our prior expectation of flat. There are a number of competitive dynamics that are driving that increase including number of plans available in 2025. Of course, the premium stabilization demonstration has an impact on that. And we've maintained strong relationships with our brokers. We feel good though about the way we price the product. While we price for margin, we're taking a measured approach in our assumptions to our guidance given the IRA changes and given the uncertainty there, we are monitoring throughout the year the most recent data given that Part D and MAPD does complete more quickly in the drug space. We don't see any problems there at this point. We see that the current data supports our pricing strategy in tactics that we've taken.
Celeste Malay: Yeah. And just to add to that in terms of seasonality, and I'll address the seasonality in our guidance in general since the IRA is the biggest piece of it. So first, to remind you, we expect sixty to sixty-five percent of our earnings in the first quarter which is a significant shift from last year on prior periods. And there are really four key drivers of that. First, are the IRA changes. Which shifts more responsibility to the plan but seasonality also changes because members are working through their MOOP earlier in the year and plan liability increases as the year progresses versus CMS reinsurance kicking in in the back half of the year, like, in 2024. Second is plan benefit design changes including the addition of deductible that were made in line with the focus of the driving sustainable long-term membership growth. In both the cases of the first and the second, the member bears more expense the beginning of the year, and we bear more expense in the end of the year shifting earnings more towards the front of the year. There are two more drivers which are less impactful. One, and I called this out earlier, is the change in the number of days and how they fall on the calendar including the leap year in 2024, and then finally, the timing of when we expect to make the investments we mentioned previously.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks for taking my question. You touched on this a few times during the call, so I want to circle back in terms of digging into it a little bit more. But in light of that CMS push for further integration, across Medicare and Medicaid and to service that decent population by 2030. There are some certain requirements by 2027 as well. You know, how do you think about your positioning at this point and kind of that spirit of being proactive and looking ahead, just do you think about that in light of your Medicaid strategy and do any of these efforts, whether it starts mitigation, cost savings, other initiatives detract at all from your efforts on that front.
James Rechtin: Hi, Erin. Thank you for the question. As we think about the further integration Medicare, Medicaid, as I said, the impressive win rate that our Medicaid team has had in increasing our footprint is really in line with our plans as we go out as we think towards 2030. As we've talked about before, we have a five-year plan that we started last year that carries us almost to that same period and we are progressing very nicely along the trajectory that we expected in morning Medicaid states. And increasing that footprint for that future integration. Do keep in mind though that the integration applies only to those states who have moved forward with Heidi and Heidi Snips. And so when you think about that, that is almost half the states are in that bucket. So just keep that in mind as you're thinking about the Medicaid and Medicare integration rules and how they apply. One of the things we're paying a lot of attention to as we are selectively choosing which states to participate and what states to submit our fee responses is we're making sure that we are looking at where our current duals are, not just where our dual SNP members are, but also where duals exist in our core underlying products, you'd have to look at both. And as we're doing so, we are making sure and we're ensuring that we are prioritizing those states and that we will continue to cover the dual membership that is necessary to protect our margins and to protect our growth going forward.
Celeste Malay: Yeah. I just want to come back to your question about creating capacity and the way I think about it and these are all tied together in terms of our ability to deliver for shareholders, is we need to do better on the clinical side and reduce operating costs to, one, invest in our membership, so we continue to grow profitable long-term membership. Two, invest in stars. And they're not in any particular order. Three, invest in our Medicaid growth. As you probably read in our prepared remarks. There is a j curve associated with the business. There are the initial years, we are they are a drag on our earnings, so we need to make sure that we can do that. And then four, is to invest in growth in Tenerifeld, which we believe is better for our members. All of these things are better for our members. We really need to think about are the things we are doing getting us to one of those four things? And they tied to James's levers as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Was hoping to get maybe a little more visibility or insight just into the Medicaid margin trajectory and sort of how that's flowing from 2024 into 2025. I know that you were expecting Medicaid margins to be at a loss in 2024. Just curious, maybe you could give us a little more pinpointing on sort of where that sort of negative pre-tax margin percentage was in 2025 and then how you're thinking about, you know, I think in the prepared remarks, commented on some incremental improvement but curious on whether you think the business will get to profitability in 2025 or still stay in that negative margin area. If I could just sneak a quick follow-up in as well. Just would love an update just on sort of what you saw in the fourth quarter as it relates to, you know, specialty RX trends. I know that's been sort of a key area of pressure. And specifically just around the oncology drugs, which I know have been, you know, a key area of focus. Sort of how you saw that playing out, you know, exiting the fourth quarter? Thanks.
George Renaudin: Hey, Scott. So I'll start with the Medicaid and then others can add in. James, I think we'll pick up from there. But the Medicaid business, given all these wins and the strength of our progress there, Medicaid's emerging as strong scale business with meaningful earnings potential we look forward. 2024, as you mentioned, did come in line with our expectations and we feel good about how we ended 2024. What we're seeing is you think about 2025 is we are going to see roughly 175,000 to 150,000 member growth in the Medicaid block of business. That's going to come split if you think about it that way between Virginia, which is a new state that we're implementing in the summer of this year, that's when we're expected to, given the state's recent discussions with us. And then we also are expecting an additional allocation of members from Kentucky. So with that, we do expect some modest improvements in margin. But as we've talked about and as Celeste mentioned the j curve, currently, 45% of our members in 2025 are in states with less than three years of experience. So there's still maturity to do there and we are making good progress down that maturation lines. You think about our margin recoveries in that line of business. Our most mature state, Florida, is performing the expected margin that we would have for this business. So we have a proof point that not only is it our longest day, but actually it's our largest membership as well. Has matured and is in the place that we expect it to be from a margin standpoint. The 2025 rates, roughly 75% of our revenue, we now know exactly what those rates will be for 2025. There's an additional 25% that are in what is called the pre-draft state that we do not have total clarity to. So overall, we're feeling good about where we are. The states have been very collaborative in helping to ensure that rates meet the acuity of the membership and that those discussions are ongoing and are progressing well.
James Rechtin: Yeah. And, hey, let me just hit the specialty drugs, this will be quick. Got the specialty drug spend it looks very much the way it has looked the last couple of quarters. It is elevated. It is relatively stable. You know, we're gonna be talking about specialty drugs. My guess is for a long time in the industry, but we feel like where we have priced and forecasted is the right place given what we're seeing. So, yes, elevated. Stable, and kind of within the range of expectations that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juliana Gajuk with Bank of America.
Juliana Gajuk: Oh, yes. Hi. Thanks so much for bringing me back in. Sorry. I got disconnected. So thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a couple of follow-ups, you know, one question on the 2025 guidance. Can you give us either a numerical or qualitative, I guess, commentary about specifically the trend outlook for 2025 and how does it compare to what you had experienced in 2024? And I guess the other piece of this equation, right, rate and all that, so I understand, you know, you want it to be final, rate update there. But would you assume in your guidance do you assume something in that range of preliminary rate notice because I guess, you know, historically, most of the time, final rate been better than proposal, but just kinda what do you assume in your guidance for those elements would be helpful. Thank you.
James Rechtin: Yeah. Hey. Let me try to tackle both of those real quick. On trends, we're really forecasting expecting kind of normalized trend in 2025. Coming off of what was elevated trend at 2024. That's, I think, the kind of easiest and simplest way to describe it. And as of right now, it's obviously very early in the year. We're not seeing anything inconsistent with that. And but, yep, a lot of data will come in over the course of the next sixty, ninety days. On the rate notice, you know, we're not gonna do a lot of commentary on the rate notice at this time outside of the commentary that we submit to CMS. What I will simply note is that, yes, the rate notice can change from the preliminary to the final. That's part of the reason we don't want to spend a lot of time commenting on it. And when we look at the preliminary that is out there, we would say the retrospective portion of that notice reflects what we all saw in the industry over the course of the last, you know, year year and a half, and the forward-looking is still an open question. There's a forward-looking component that I think, it's a forecast, but I think we would say it probably underestimates. And so we are that's kinda how we think about it right now, and there's a lot more to let develop over the course of the next few months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Guys have kind of gotten to a lot of the big picture stuff. I think I have a follow-up on Part D. Which is, I guess, James, early given that it's early in the year, are you seeing anything that's kinda changed your margin outlook or expectation for Part D in 2025? And then kind of a follow-up is, are you guys doing anything more aggressive to manage the drug benefit in the B space like, trying to shift B drugs to D coverage such that you can do like, shift financial responsibility a little bit to the government and to the manufacturers and whether or not you're seeing any success there.
George Renaudin: Hey, George. It's George. I'll take this. So the early data that we have on our claims for Part D, which do process more quickly, seem to confirm our expectations for utilization that we would have with the pricing. Things look sustained on the specialty side, as James mentioned, and on the traditional pharmacy side, things are moving along just as we would have expected. So again, it's confirming our strategy and our tactics and how we price the product and how we priced our bids for this year. We feel good about where we are. As far as a B to D strategy, that's not a level of detail that will go into. But we continue to look forward to the Part D product within our MAPD, and we're seeing good progress in the PDP realm.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Langston with TD Cowen.
Ryan Langston: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in. You talked about margin pressure on group MA. Maybe just a little bit more detail there and specifically driving that? Is that more your strategy, competitor dynamics? And then I guess how do we think about or how do you think about margin improvement in the group versus the slope of where you think you can get to on individual kind of into 2027 and beyond? And then just what is kind of included in guidance for 2025 on group? Thank you.
George Renaudin: Sure. I'll start, Ryan. The group product, you know, we have roughly half a million members there. Slightly over that. In the group in a market, what I would say is supposed to be individual market is somewhat less mature as an industry. There was a period of time not very long ago that we're still living in where the industry was continuing to evolve and mature and offered rate guarantee contracts multiple years. Historically, those contracts or the long-term contracts were in place. That is beginning to change. We're seeing change in the industry. We're seeing change in the ways plans are responding to RFPs coming from large groups, especially when you think about large jumbo groups. And that's changing, but that will take some time to flow through the financials. We do expect margin improvement 2026, through pricing actions as those long-term contracts come up for renewal. But we will see some more pressure in 2025 that's built into our guidance for 2025.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Andrew Mok with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Good morning. Can you share the splits of the incremental STARS investments across the MLR and OpEx line? And secondly, do you have any updates on the STARS mitigation effort for 2026 in the event of an unfavorable lawsuit? I know you've disclosed discussed the possibility of crosswalking the group contract, but I don't think you've committed to that plan. So any clear actions that you can point us to on the mitigation front would be helpful. Thanks.
Celeste Malay: Hi, Andrew. It's Celeste. Yeah. On the investment we'll provide more color as the year progresses both in terms of where on the income statement will flow and the impact to the ratios? But we'll do that as the year progresses. Depending on various tests and things like that, they may fall. They may move throughout the course of the year in terms of where they come in.
James Rechtin: Yeah. Hey. On the group book, I'll hit that real quick. We are still assessing that. So we have not made a decision. That's not a decision that we need to make until really late summer or even early autumn. And so we have time and depending on how a number of things play out, that could influence the final decision. So once we have gotten there, we'll be clear with folks, but we are not there yet. Hey. Let me just shift to saying thank you to everybody for joining us this morning and for your interest in Humana Inc. I also just want to thank the sixty-five thousand associates that we have who are serving our members and patients every day. When we help our members and our patients get the right care at the right place with the right outcomes, everybody wins. And that is what we are working to do every day, and that is what our sixty-five thousand associates are working to do every day. We appreciate your support, and we hope you have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Lisa Stoner, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you and good morning. I hope everyone had a chance to review our press release and prepared remarks, which are available on our website. We will begin this morning with brief remarks from Jim Rechtin, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer; followed by a Q&A session, where Jim will be joined by Susan Diamond, Humanas Chief Financial Officer; and George Renaudin, President of Humana's Insurance segment. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risk and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K or other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our third quarter 2024 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations' site. Call participants should note that todays discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Managements explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays press release. Any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. Finally, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com, later today. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim Rechtin.
James Rechtin: Thanks Lisa and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. In the last quarter, I outlined four basic drivers of our business that we need to be able to deliver against over and over again. Those are; first, providing a Medicare product experience that delivers against consumer needs and is priced with discipline. Second, it is operating with clinical excellence. This really is the foundation of industry-leading margins. It is -- third, managing a highly efficient back office and its fourth, deploying growth capital in a way that complements our Medicare Advantage core business, but really focused around CenterWell and Medicaid. I'd like to review the quarter's results with a little bit of a lens towards those four drivers. Before I do that, let me just start with a few headlines. First of all, as we noted, we exceeded expectations for the for the quarter. We're also confident that we will achieve at least $16 of EPS full year and we are comfortable with where 2024 EPS consensus sits today. Exactly where we're going to land is largely dependent on a number of investment decisions in AEP and in STARS that we continue to evaluate. We also feel good that we priced our MA product margin expansion in 2025. However, similar to our strategy for the rest of 2024, we will be balancing near-term earnings progression with investment in the business. And when we say investment in the business, certainly, that is STARS, but it's also looking at investment opportunities in growth, admin cost efficiency and medical cost management. We understand that investors would like more clarity on the multiyear outlook of the business and to address this, we are targeting an Investor Day in May of 2025. So let me turn to the four basic drivers for a moment. So right now, if I start with product and experience that we are delivering through our Medicare product, we're feeling pretty good about what we're delivering. And let me point out a couple of things our individual MA membership growth continues to outpace our expectations for the year. We anticipate at this point, full year growth -- year-over-year growth of around 5%. The year started slowly in AP last autumn, but we've made pretty significant gains over the course of 2024. When we look at it, we believe that this is a reflection of disciplined product pricing that has allowed us to continue to emphasize growth at a time when others in the market have pulled back. And also attribute some of the growth to incremental marketing investments that we've made in our internal sales channel. This is a channel that we believe is increasingly important for us in that and those investments have been paying off. We continue to deliver best-in-class service. Recently, we were ranked the number one health insurer for customer experience by Forrester. This is now four years in a row being right number one by Forrester. And finally, while it's early in this year's AEP cycle from what we can tell, sales appear to be generally on track with expectations. Turning to the second driver, clinical excellence let me start with STARS. We've acknowledged now that we've got work to do to get back to the results that we expect of ourselves and that we expect for our members and our patients and our investors. We've been moving quickly to make investments and to align incentives in our provider and pharmacy networks to close more gaps in care. We've also redirected care management and call center capacity to increase member outreach and that is also related to gaps in care. Just last week, those efforts resulted in about 5,000 incremental primary care appointments. And I learned last night that we've got about another 3,000 to start this week, 3,000 primary care appointments scheduled. We're also making technology investments. This includes improvements to our plan finder capability. And really the way I'd characterize it, we're on a sprint to take ground to impact 2027. And I simultaneously feel good about the team's focus and the effort and the impact that we're making and frankly, frustrated that we have allowed ourselves a shorter runway than we would like to make up that ground. Clinical excellence also translates to lower cost when we deliver better care. And so in Q3, medical costs are largely in line with our expectations. There's obviously some give and take across categories. The environment is still dynamic. And we will be careful with our expectations around medical cost trend. However, right now, are seeing some success in a number of our cost control efforts. The example I'll give is -- we've been extending value-based care contracts beyond primary care into areas like kidney disease and oncology management. And we're seeing good results from that effort. Shifting to the third driver, highly efficient back office, we do continue to make progress in this area. We're expecting a 30 basis point decrease in our adjusted operating cost ratio for the year. And just to give one example of the type of work that is helping to drive this, we're implementing more and more use cases for AI. We recently launched a generative AI solution that allows our care management team to spend about half as much time on post-call documentation. They are still doing all the same human oversight for any clinical decision-making, but they're spending less time on documentation. That brings us to our final driver, deploying growth capital to drive efficient growth. I would argue that we're quietly building the leading senior-oriented primary care organization in the nation. Our primary care clinics are hitting their clinical and their financial targets. They're on track to mitigate V28. We recently released a study in collaboration with a leading researcher and professor of Harvard that demonstrates both the clinical and economic value of the clinics V28. It found that our members have a better experience when they are part of a senior-focused primary care clinic. We expect to add another roughly 40 clinics this year often, this is through an acquisition of underperforming clinics that we've demonstrated we can pretty rapidly turn around, and our patient growth continues to outpace expectations. I'm encouraged by our recent performance trajectory and growth, absent our STARS performance in BY26. And at the same time, recognize that these continue to be dynamic times for the industry, and I believe it's critical that we continue to strengthen the organization by making investments to drive long-term shareholder value. This is obviously a balance with how we think about short-term earnings progression. We look forward to providing formal 2021 guidance on our fourth quarter call, and we will also look forward to providing a more fulsome update on our strategic initiatives and their expected impact at Investor Day, which again, we're targeting in May of 2025. Finally, I'd just say, look, our conviction remains high regarding the positive outlook for MA and value-based care. And with that, we will turn to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about your comments on 2025 and specifically your comments on investment spending. Prior to this call, you talked to a margin improvement in MA next year. And combined with top-line growth, I think the expectation in the market was for $2 to $4 of improved earnings year-over-year -- given that you're talking about now more flattish, that would seem to put that investment income spending or investment spending, I should say, at $500 million, give or take. Is that a reasonable ballpark? Number one. Number two, can you give us some more color in terms of what you're spending that on, given you had just caught admin spending pretty dramatically over the last two years to three years? Is there stuff that you overcut, you have to bring back? And then how should we think about that rolling forward? Is there going to be a return there where it kind of nets to zero because you're going to get improved STARS or what have you. And over what time frame does that happen? Thanks.
James Rechtin: So, Justin, thank you for our first four questions. This is Jim, I'll start, and then I'll let Susan jump in. So, let me just start with 2025. And I recognize that we're not going to be able to answer everything people would like. Obviously, we're going to give guidance here in a few months. But I'm going to try to be as clear as I can in kind of what we are saying and what we aren't saying about 2025 right now. The first thing I would just reemphasize is we told everybody we felt good about our bid, meaning both our pricing and our plan exits. And what we're essentially saying is, hey, we're reaffirming that even after you incorporate the things that we've learned since the bid season, we still feel good about where we're at with our product. The result of that is that, look, at a minimum, we see a 2024 performance floor -- we see 2024 performance as a floor as we head into 2025. So in other words, we have room for EPS progression. What we're also saying is we do need to see some things unfold over the next few months to establish how much room is in there. And so whether you think about AEP results, both the final member count and member mix as well as thinking about continued monitoring of medical cost trend, the better visibility that we have into those things, the more confident and precise we can be in where we think we'll be next year. We also are telling you, in fact, that just as importantly, we're going to be approaching 2025 with a similar posture to how we've approached the last quarter or two where we can make good investments to put ourselves on better footing in 2027, we're going to do that. And we're going to prioritize leaning into that long-term earnings potential over near-term EPS progression where we have good investments to make, but we're going to do that with a floor. I would love to tell you that we've got precise numbers on all of those choices and decisions. We don't. Some of that is still in flux. And in some cases, we're actually making smaller investments. And as we see those generate returns, we're doubling down on. And so we don't have a precise number today. What we're making sure is that we're creating room to make the right decisions for 2027 and the long term, but we're telling you we can do that while establishing a floor. So, again, I recognize everybody would like more clarity. I really do. And I want to reiterate that we're kind of trying to balance or focus on two things. Given the dynamic in the market, we want to be appropriately prudent and make sure that we're doing the right things to establish targets, hit those targets, build credibility over time, and we are trying to establish the best way to navigate through the next 24 months. I mean that's really the two things that we're trying to balance here as we try to give -- set expectations the best we can. Susan, what would you add to that?
Susan Diamond: Yes. No, I think that says it well. The only thing I might add is, Justin, that as we've begun to talk about some of the investments that we believe are needed, both for starts, but also to improve core operating performance given some of the benchmarking work that we've done, we got some questions and concern, well, gosh, could the level of investments cause you to go backwards year-over-year. So, I think that was one of the reasons that we wanted to introduce the floor for 2025 just to make sure that was -- so we're prepared to give formal guidance that we made it clear that we felt like with the pricing action we did take in the 2025 bids that did give us the room and flexibility to make these needed investments while not creating a situation where we might go backwards.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Hi, good morning. So your MLR results imply trends were relatively stable sequentially. Is that a good characterization? And if so, what does this mean for your 2025 bids. Are they tracking in line or better than your expectations? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yes, Ann. So as we saw the results developed for the third quarter, as we said in our posting commentary, current year claims did develop as expected in total for the MA business. There were some geography differences in terms of seeing some improvement on the inpatient side seems like deterioration of the non-inpatient but in total, in line with expected in terms of claims development through the third quarter. As Jim mentioned, as we continue to evaluate emerging trends versus what we expected at the time of bids, we continue to feel confident in how we've approached the trend assumptions within our pricing. Again, some geography differences both across claims and risk adjustment as we've talked to you guys in prior quarters, but the aggregate, continue to continue to feel good about the MLR that we would have been targeting inherently within our bid. And as we also mentioned, at least based on the early information we have access to feel like our assumptions around membership for next year, meaning the loss of a few hundred thousand members continues to feel like a reasonable question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Hi. I wanted to follow up on the 2027 margin target and how you're thinking about the STARS recovery in the context of that 3% target? One is that a realistic goal with the elevated investment spend and where your Star scores sit today? And is there a minimum bonus level that you have in mind to deliver on that target? Thanks..
James Rechtin: So, I want to make sure I captured the question. So, let me just play this back real quick. I think what you said is focus on 2027 is the 3% margin target, a realistic target at this point. And then what does that assume around STARS progression basically, right?
Andrew Mok: Is there a minimum level you need to recover in order deliver on that target?
James Rechtin: Yes. So look, I'm going to talk a little bit out of both sides of my mouth on this 3% is realistic, and there is risk to that number. And so we just want to be super clear. We're going after it. We're doing everything we possibly can to get to that point. And in light of STARS, yes, there is risk whether we will get all the way the way there in 2027 or not. We have to make meaningful STARS progression is that I would describe it. We're not putting a specific number on it. There are too many puts and takes across different variables in the business to try to put a specific number on it. But yes, you're going to have to make some meaningful progression in STARS to get there. Susan, what would you add?
Susan Diamond: Yes, I agree that. And then the other thing, Andrew, that obviously, the rate environment, the competitive environment, those are all things that, as we say every year, will also be important -- as you know, 2027 is the year where we'll have 2028 behind us, hopefully, IRA will then, at that point, be very good guy versus a headwind. And so there are -- there is an environment, hopefully, where we do have the room to take some additional margin, which we've talked about, but those will be variables that we'll have to consider. And then I would just say some of these investments that we've been discussing now should pay off in terms of returns over that time frame that also support that continued margin recovery.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you very much. You flagged higher specialty drug costs within the non-inpatient utilization for the quarter. One of your peers noted a pull forward of some specialty drug utilization ahead of Part D changes next year. Is that something you would expect would be priced for as we head into 2025? Or is there a component there that we should assume as a headwind for MCR modeling? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Dan, yes, as you said, we did see some higher oncology costs, in particular, I did call that out. I think one was seeing in a conference I was at in early September. So we have been seeing it for a bit. We would say that our view is that it is not really largely attributable to IRA changes, they were relatively minimal in 2024 in terms of sort of member out-of-pocket exposure. And so what we have seen so far is that we believe it's mostly attributable to either new treatments that have come to market or label expansions around existing treatments. And what we're seeing is, in some cases, these treatments are being added to existing therapies, resulting in net higher unit costs than we've seen historically and higher than you had anticipated as we evaluate the pipeline. We do anticipate that we will see some further uptick in trends next year just given the IRA changes and the introduction of the much lower maximum pocket -- and so we have built in induced utilization assumptions into our 2025 thinking as well as just, again, continued sort of expectations around the emergence and uptake of some new therapies. So, we have considered that. Obviously, with IRA, there is more exposure on the plan side in 2025, which is why we said you can expect that we'll start -- we'll take a more thoughtful approach in terms of our early guidance around some of these things that we can see how the trends emerge relative to our expectations in IRA.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: Thank you. I was wondering if Star stay where they are, how much crosswalk is possible in 2026, given how you think about geographic overlap and planned ratings. And then if you could clarify on your 2025 guidance, what MA margin is implied in that? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yes. So, George, do you want to take a third question then I can take the MA margin question?
George Renaudin: Sure. thanks for the question, Sarah. So as we think about the cross possibility, we'll be evaluating that in line with lots of other things. So we certainly want to derisk the amount of members that we have concentrated in certain contracts, and we'll be thinking through that as we go into the next bid cycle. And one of the considerations will, of course, be how much progress we're making in the current STARS work that we're doing as well as thinking about the opportunities that we have for Cross with regard to our group contracts. So, there are a number of considerations we'll be taking into hand when we do that as well as what our 2025 membership looks like in membership mix and the progress that we're seeing in medical cost management, some other items. So it is certainly one of the levers we'll be exploring, but I don't think that it is the sole by any means. There are a number of issues that we'll be thinking about as we go through thinking about our STARS mitigation efforts as we go into next year.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And then, Sarah, as far as 2025 MA margins, obviously, we haven't given any specific guidance yet. Jim provided some commentary. So I'll just remind you, as we previously have talked about our 2025 margin expectations on the MA side, we acknowledge that the because of the pressures that were absorbing within 2025, including the higher trend than emerge after filing of our 2024 bid, V28, IRA, et cetera. And given the TVC threshold, there was limited ability to take true margin expansion within the pricing because the PBC would offset all of those headwinds I just mentioned. So, we had mentioned the majority of the margin progression we would be achieving would largely come from the plan exits where we had exited plans that were historically performing unprofitably, and we didn't feel like we had a reasonable pathway to getting them to profitable or contributing performance levels. That continues to be the case. Again, all of the emerging trends that we've seen, we continue to still feel good about those pricing decisions and how we thought about trend in the aggregate. As Jim mentioned this morning, though, we are now contemplating those some additional investments. The pricing action we took allowed us some flexibility to do that. And so as we've established the notion of at least the floor, obviously, if we end up close to flat, the margin be relatively comparable. But ultimately, we'll have to evaluate again how membership growth comes in, what level of investments we choose to make and a variety of other things as we set guidance. And certainly, when we do can talk more about the inherent margin within our guide.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Do you have a view on MA market growth in total for 2025? And then where do you think the lives that you're losing from those exits are going? Is that that sort of one or two larger plans, do you think smaller plans or are people going -- seniors going back to fee-for-service. And I think you just answered this, Susan, but we should assume that those loss lives have lower margin. But does mean they had lower benefit levels, less rebates? And then lastly, how are you thinking about retention outside of the market exits?
George Renaudin: Hi, Josh, it's George Renaudin I'll take the question. So on the overall industry growth, we are thinking 5% to 5.5% in this coming year versus the roughly 6% the industry saw this year and our 5% performance that we are expecting as we finish out the year. So we feel pretty good about where that growth is going to come from. And if we think about our competitive positioning, it is very much in line with our thinking at the time of bids [ph]. We continue to anticipate Susan said, a few 1,000 members in 2025 down so we feel pretty good about that. From a standpoint of retention, there's a lot of work that we're doing to focus on that. We're helping our brokers. As you think about the county and plan exits, there's, of course, going to be a lot of shopping. And so we have put in place lots of tools to help those -- the sales teams, both our internal sales and outside brokers work through the shopping experience to make sure it's a better consumer experience for our customers. And so we put in place things that allow them more real-time access to benefits help them with a best fit tool so they can choose a plan that fits their needs better. And we have also put in place with our internal team capabilities, including AI to help them with helping those members make better decisions into the needs of -- I would just say that on another item in retention that we're seeing very positive results from and I think in the opening comments Jim made a comment about this, and that's that we are getting a better focus into our digital sales and our new digital sales tool also is allowing us to handle members who are trying to find out as we did do some of those exits because keep in mind, 98% of our members in those exit areas have another planned choice so the digital tool is helping them make those choices easily, and we're seeing a very significant increase in the amount of digital sales were happening as a result. All that will lead to increased retention.
James Rechtin: And then, Josh, one thing I'd add to George's comments on growth. One thing to keep in mind is we do believe that 25% growth for the industry will still have some impact from the ongoing redetermination process on the MA side. We think it's probably worth about 80 basis points, where given the gaming period, we will continue to see some attrition in the duals in particular as they lose eligibility. In terms of your question about how to think about the contribution of loss lives, I would say it depends. As we've always said, for the members impacted by plant exit, those are unprofitable. So to the degree, we don't retain them, that is positive to the degree, we do retain them, as George mentioned, because most of them have other plan options that is incrementally positive because those planes that are available would be positively contributing. Across the rest of the book, if you remember, we did work very hard and intentionally to make sure we try to protect our higher-performing plans as we did our 2025 bids, so it would have taken less benefit action in those higher-performing plans and where you see larger cuts is going to be those that were below our targeted margins. So our hope would be that within the attrition that we see, it is more concentrated within the lower-performing plans. But, obviously, we'll have to see how the AP results come out. as you know, it takes longer to see the attrition information because a benefit are you have to enroll in and that are playing same process and give it cut. So we have no real visibility into that just yet, but something we'll be watching closely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. You mentioned that the inpatient unit cost of Medicare came in better than expected. Can you just talk a little bit about what you saw with two midnight rule in the quarter? And then just maybe more broadly, how you think about the ability of the 2025 commentary to tolerate a higher level of inpatient unit costs in 2025? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi Stephen, yes. So, as you might recall, we've been talking about seeing lower in patient unit costs really over the course of the year. And I'd say the team in retrospect has just been somewhat cautious and fully stepping up to that until we see further run out to make sure that what we were seeing was durable and would continue. And that has proven to be relatively consistent, meaning if we had fully accepted to what we were seeing early, what we're ultimately seeing emerge continue to be consistent with that. So, we feel good about what we're seeing. I'd say, within the third quarter itself, we start to see some loan respiratory seasonality, which also tends to be lower average unit cost, which would be included in that as well. In terms of 2025, as we've always said, the way we've approached 2025 is we've incorporated all of the impacts that got into our baseline. With the changes we've seen across the geographies, the lower patient unit cost, higher non-inpatient that is all now embedded in our thinking as a jumping off point for 2025 and then we've got the normal trend assumed for 2025. We now have final rate changes from CMS for reimbursement so that obviously is included in our estimates and so really what we'd be exposed to is any mix changes. But I'd say based on what we've seen and the consistency of what we've seen, we feel good about how we're thinking about unit cost trends in 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanna Gajuk with Bank of America.
Joanna Gajuk: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I guess a similar question to Steve's question, but I guess, from different angles. So instead of talking about unit costs, can you talk about utilization trends because we've obviously been hearing from some of the hospital companies or the public traded companies guiding for volume growth still above average, again in 2025 after growing well-above average this year in terms of just volumes, not just cost. So, the question for you is curious what are you currently assuming in your 2025 outlook when it comes to utilization? And then can you grow EPS in that scenario that this is happening based on that pricing consumption? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Joanna. Yes, so in terms of utilization, we have seen results that are very much in line from a utilization standpoint since we updated our estimates as of the second quarter call. At that time, you might remember, we did step up our utilization assumptions and lower non-inpatient just based on what we're seeing in terms of some additional sort of site of service shift related to two-midnight rule. Our utilization has been very much in line with that since. Obviously, you've got things like respiratory season, the hurricane impact, those things that we can discretely identify but our core utilization, we continue to feel good about. Our utilization management impacts have been very consistent coming out of really the first quarter as well. So, we feel good about those trends. In terms of 2025, we have seen normal sort of utilization trend on top of that higher 2024 baseline, that is inherent within our bid. And so again, there's no large incremental regulatory change expected for 2025 that should create this level of uncertainty like we were dealing with for 2024. So I think feel very good about the assumptions we're making in terms of secular sort of utilization churn.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning. A little bit of a different topic. Can you guys talk about inpatient claims denial rate and have trended over the last 12 months? I know in the second quarter, kind of claims appeals was a topic that came up at the margin and a lot of the publicly traded hospital companies and private hospital companies have talked about an increase in claims denial rates. So I'm just trying to see if -- like if there's any meaningful trend to call out there and whether or not clean and aisles have impacted MLR in any meaningful way?
Susan Diamond: Hey, George, yes. So, with the Humana real implementation, as we've been saying, we had -- that result in more initial approval. So in theory, you would expect fewer denials, fewer appeals. As we mentioned throughout the year, when cement role was implemented, we did see initially higher appeal rates and higher uphold rates for those appeals than would have expected based on historical performance. As you've mentioned, we've completed audits ourselves. We've been through the CMS which is validated that we believe we're appropriately evaluating the clinical rules. And what we would say is, at the time, there was a question about, was that just a pool for and a change in seasonality of how appeals would come in and maybe see few repeals in the future because there's a reasonably long tail over which providers can appeal. We made the assumption that it would just result overall higher appeals and ultimately, uphold rate. That is what we have been seeing to date. We would just say we call it early and incorporate into our estimates coming out of the first quarter. I think why you may be hearing some different commentary from hospital systems is they may not have recognized that as quickly and may have seen that higher appeal rate initially and assume that the absolute appeals would still be comparable year-over-year. And what we've just seen is those appeals have been higher, which when you think about just the magnitude of the changes, I think it's everybody just trying to understand how those new rules are being applied across the payers and then the providers. So that's, I would say, very consistent with what we've seen since the first quarter and no meaningful variation since. And then George, I don't know if you want to add anything?
George Renaudin: Yes. Susan, I would just add that I think you're right about the question of testing the appeals and seeing where they are trying to figure out exactly how to mini rule will be applied. We, as you said, feel very confident about how we're applying given the CMS audit we had at the very start of the year that came out positively. The other thing I would just add to that is that our clinicians continue to speak with many of the provider clinicians to talk through the issues to make sure we all have a similar way of approaching that everyone is clear in understanding what the two midnight rule is and is not.
James Rechtin: Not to pile on here, but let me just try to wrap all the inpatient stuff together broadly, I think what we're try to convey is that since late first quarter, early second quarter, we've seen relatively stable trends. And so there was a fair amount of noise in the first quarter. I think everybody was adapting to the regulatory change. For us, we put a lot attention on it at that point in time. And we think we worked through all the changes in process and approach and whatnot and have gotten to a relatively stable place. So, when we look forward, we're feeling pretty good about the outlook and our ability to project what the inpatient cost is going to be, whether that's denial rates, utilization, unit cost, et cetera, relative to where we were back in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with Leerink Partners.
Whit Mayo: Hey, good morning. Maybe just a question on STARS as it relates to the lawsuit or appeal. Just looking at age contract 5216, maybe the math is off a little bit here. but it seems like you might need to flip both the Part C and D ratings on the call center to a 5 from a 4 to get back to a 4-star rating on that contract. It doesn't seem like you can do it with just improvement in one category, it seems like both. So, is that an accurate statement? And I'm just wondering like how many calls ballpark are we talking about to have to overturn to see improvement in either categories. One, is it multiple calls? Just any color would be helpful.
James Rechtin: Yes. In total, it's three calls across both metrics. And yes, we would need to see the three calls overturn.
George Renaudin: I would just add into that, Jim, bit. In addition to the three calls, one of the other things that we're talking that we are pursuing with CMS is the need for greater visibility and transparency into how the threshold to calculate.
James Rechtin: Yes, that is correct. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. Just want to make sure I understand the early thinking on 2025. If you are successful in your appeal on the STARS through litigation, would that change your view on the amount of investment you need in 2025? It almost sounds like up to this point, the discussion STARS ratings hit has been around the arbitrariness of the CMS presold cut points and some of that. And you had a great track record of having very high Star ratings. Now, all of a sudden, it sounds like, as you guys have looked at this, you now think you need to make a lot of investment to get back on track on STARS. And I wonder if your appeal is successful, would you not have to do that? And would that change your outlook for 2025 for the better? And then in the broad discussion about out years, there's always a discussion about trading off enrollment for margin. And obviously, we've got a lot of focus on getting you back to 3% margin. But any philosophical commentary about how much of an enrollment hit you might end up taking if the appeal is unsuccessful to get back to that 3% margin over the next couple of years with a view to 2027?
James Rechtin: Yes. So, let me start with the appeal and its impact on how we think about 2025. So, the way to think about STARS is there's two related but slightly different things. So, there's the appeal related to the single -- or I guess 2, but similar metrics that that are kind of the difference between 3.5 and 4 Stars a whole bunch of our members. That is one thing that is working its way through litigation, we're really can comment on that beyond what we have. But separate is the broader trend within the STARS program of cut points and thresholds getting harder. And that's across a lot of different metrics. And so while there's one critical metric for BY2026, broadly, I think the entire industry is looking at a movement in metrics and cut points and thresholds that is causing pretty much everybody to reevaluate how far do you have to lean in, to investment in this program to make sure that you can keep up with those -- with that metric movement. I don't think we're alone to that. So as we contemplate investments for next year, if the -- I don't -- the appeal is not going to have any kind of meaningful impact on how we think about investment. The investment is going broadly in the program to drive better and better and better performance at a pace that exceeds what we expected previously. That's really what the investment is about at the end of the day. George would you -- anything would add to that?
George Renaudin: I would just add, Jim, that the other thing about the investments we're making in STARS in many ways is the right thing to health outcomes for our members overall. The investments we take here enhancing provider and member performance. We're talking about incentive programs to close gaps in care, which helps our health outcomes while also improving the customer experience. It is a good thing for us to continue to work with our vendors to improve our relations with them and to improve their performance. And finally, the strengthening that we're doing around technology and integration to support operational excellence also nicely fold into many of the other things that Jim has talked about, we need to focus on moving forward in both his opening comments and in his earlier letter.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And then, A.J., the only other thing I'd remind you is we talked about investments for 2025. Just keep in mind, STARS is one piece of it, but there are investments remaining more broadly to drive just improved operational performance across a number of areas that Jim has referred to. So, a STAR is just one component. And then, Jim, the last question, I don't think you touched on is just the philosophy of membership growth and margin trade-off, if you wanted to touch on that.
James Rechtin: Yes. And again, I think this was related to how would, we react to the STARS mitigation or STARS progression. Look, the short answer is we have a lot of questions around that very thing that we're going to have to answer over the next three, four, five months. So we don't have a perfect answer. We've got to understand how does -- what does the rate environment look like? How are we feeling about the progress that we're making on 2027 STARS, et cetera. So there's just a bunch of factors that we don't yet have visibility into to answer that. What I would say just generically is our intent is to balance long-term earnings potential with near-term progression. We need to balance those. All-in-all, we're not going to do things that harm the business long-term to work our way through a short-term issue. Now, what does that mean practically? We don't know yet. We have to sort that out.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wondered on two fronts. First, on channel investment, basically, you've touched on some of this already. I recall last year, that after AEP, the discussion was that the brokers were more consumed by helping existing members shop and therefore, couldn't talk to new members as much resulting in AEP growth being relatively low, more shopping expected for 2025. I'm wondering, what you've done to address that issue and kind of relatedly, how should we think about the cadence of membership AEP versus intra-year. And then lastly, I'm wondering just if you have any early thoughts or expectations about 2026 rates for early next year announcement. Thanks.
James Rechtin: Yes. So, I'll start. And there are number of -- thanks for the question. There are a number of things that we've done in preparation for what we knew was going to be a sales view where there's going to be a dynamic change in the industry given the industry reset that we've all talked about we're going through with benefit changes, member disruption as we have had planned in county exits, a number of our competitors have as well. So, we know that, that's going to be something that we have to focus on. So we continue to make investments in both our internal sales channels to include improvements in, as I mentioned before, digital self-service options We also are making investments to help our external brokers. You also realize that we have a pretty large internal brokerage as well, we're seeing a 70% increase in sales in that internal brokerage channel. So, we're going at this from both improving the experience for the members to be able to sell service in digital, improving when our sales team gets those calls in person, how they can answer those questions by giving them better tools and leveraging AI as well as are helping our external partners in providing them with more real-time data and information and helping them on best benefit choices. So, there's a whole host of things we're doing across the whole marketplace that we are prepared for, knowing that this is going to be a year of pretty significant change in this AEP.
David Windley: Okay. All right.
George Renaudin: Yes. And let me just kind of headline that our external partners are really important to us and building and strengthening our internal channel is what we have the most direct control over, and we've been building capacity in that internal channel for that very reason. And that channel is also very important to us. And so, we have built capacity to the degree that we feel like we reasonably can under the timeframe and the circumstances, et cetera. And at the end of the day, we still look at the market and we expect 5% to 5.5% growth at the end of the day, even with the need to kind of balance these capacity constraints.
Susan Diamond: And then I think the last question was around 2026 rate, which, David, I would just say it's hard to right, we can't really predict working, we would say we still have 2028 and IME to be phased in. So we know those are impacts. And the big question will be, given the trend that we have seen, we will see some positive restatement embedded within the 2026 rate, recognizing their forward-looking 2025 rate hit as seen some trend improvement, which obviously hasn't transpired. The ACO reach detail that's shared by CMS is one sort of indicator of the trend they may be seeing. That does suggest that they are seeing some of these kind of trends as well. So I think we're cautiously optimistic that the rates for next year will include an appropriate adjustment for the trend that we're all absorbing.
David Windley: Okay.
Operator: Our last question today will come from the line of Michael Ha with Baird.
Michael Ha: Hi. Thank you. Just firstly quickly to confirm. On DSP redetermination, Susan, did you mention 80 bps of industry growth headwind expected for next year. Is that presumably because of the six-month grace period they have, are the bulk of those lives so yet to be redetermined what percent of those lives are expected to fall off your book. And then number two, I guess given that you're already 11 months into the measurement year, 2024 for next October's released Star ratings. I know cap still run through June, but based on the other I guess, let's call it, roughly 70% weighting or actually, I guess, 80% now that caps is being reduced. I know you're in a sprint right now, but how are you tracking on those 80% of measures? More specifically, I guess, what's the realistic likelihood of being able to sort of fully snap back to 80% to 90% of members in 4-Star plus plans? What's your level of confidence, conviction? Or is it just very unlikely given how late into 2024 it is and how late it was realizing how aggressive cut points are and just the time you have left to make incremental improvements? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Michael. I'll take the first question and then hand it over to Jim or George for the SAR question. On D-SNPs, yes, you heard that correctly. We do anticipate a headwind in 2025 as the redetermination process completes. There was pressure in 2024 as well, slightly less than we would say, 70 or so basis points in 2024, and we think it will be about 80 basis points of pressure in 2025. Frankly, part of that is because of the Change Healthcare disruption, which disrupted the ability to confirm eligibility. And so even though we've largely seen the impact on the Medicaid side because of the deeming period on the MA side, there is that six-month period. And so we do expect that we will see some additional dual disenrollment as they lose coverage. Some of those we would expect to recapture within our non-D-SNP offerings, but some obviously are no longer eligible. So we've built that into our expectations all along for 2025 in terms of the loss of a few hundred thousand members that is already contemplated. But yes, you did hear me correctly. And then George or Jim, do you want to take the starts question?
James Rechtin: Yes, I'll just jump in on that. The short answer is, at this point, one, you've just got limited visibility into even your own performance and you've got no visibility into industry performance. And so we're not going to comment on industry performance or cut points of thresholds until they're actually out next year. On our own performance, we feel good about the progress that we are making. And there is risk, like we're resetting expectations with four months, three and a half months to go in the year, setting those expectations higher, driving towards higher goals. And while I think we all feel good that we are making progress and leaning as an organization into it as heavily as we can, we still need time to understand exactly how those things are going to play out. So there's just -- there's not a super clear answer to the question at this point in time. But everybody is leaning into it, and that is what we need right now. With that and being the last question, I'm just going to transition here and thank everybody for joining us this morning and thank everybody for your interest in Humana and in what we are trying to do to serve our patients and our members. And I want to thank our 65,000 associates who serve those members and those patients every day. We appreciate the work that they're doing, and we appreciate the support that you're giving us. So thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone had a chance to review our press release and prepared remarks, as well as a letter from the CEO, all of which are available on our website. We will begin this morning with brief remarks from Jim Rechtin, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; followed by a Q&A session with Jim and Susan Diamond, Humana's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our second quarter 2024 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. Finally, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Rechtin.
James Rechtin: Thanks, Lisa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Let me start by just saying that it's a privilege to be able to serve as Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer, and I want to say thanks to the Humana Board of Directors for providing me this opportunity. I also just want to say thanks to Bruce for the last six months of his mentorship and partnership. It's been really, really great, and I actually look forward to continue to work with them over the next year. So Bruce and our 65,000 teammates have built a great company here and it's pretty exciting to be a part of it. I shared some thoughts on Humana and the industry and the opportunity ahead in the letter that I posted on our Investor Relations website this morning. I encourage everyone to take a moment to read the letter that goes along with our second quarter prepared remarks in the earnings release. I'm not going to repeat what is in the letter, but I do want to hit a couple of themes. So let me start by just reinforcing what I think is basic truth about the business. It's a good business, it's good for our members and it's good for our patients. This is well documented in my opinion. CMS and the Federal government, state government, and by extension even taxpayers are also our customers. I think we need to constantly remind ourselves of that. What we do creates value for those customers as well. We need a regulatory environment that allows that value to be fully realized and that requires constant collaboration and adjustment. We need to be a proactive partner with CMS in that process, and we need to do this to make sure that we've got a long-term, stable Medicare, Medicaid program. This is also good for investors, for all of you. And I think you guys know that the sector fundamentals have not meaningfully changed. They're still attractive, and we still have differentiated capabilities to compete in that space. We understand that there is frustration with the volatility that we've been experiencing. I want you to know that we also acknowledge that right now we are not achieving our full potential. The external environment has certainly been difficult. However, the message that I want to keep driving home is that we need to see the external environment for what it is. It's context. We need to shape it to the degree that we can and we otherwise need to be focused on the things that we control within that context. That's our product, it's our pricing, it's our clinical capabilities, it's admin costs and it's growing our business. To execute well against the things that we do control, we need to be incredibly focused on operating discipline. We're good at operating discipline, but we need to be reminding ourselves of that day in and day out as the external environment changes. We also can do a better job with multiyear planning in order to deliver consistency and performance over time. We got great teams. We know how to do this. It's simply about maintaining focus on the things that we control, even when the environment around us is shifting. Now let me turn to second quarter performance. I'm going to give a quick headline. I'm going to give some examples to support that headline, and then I'm going to come back with some implications on our outlook. The headline today is that our second quarter results exceeded expectations. We feel good about where we are at mid-year, but we did experience some medical cost pressure in the quarter. So let me expand on that a little bit. Much of the good news comes from our Medicare business, which is outperforming the expectations that we had at the beginning of the year. Our member growth is better than we expected. We raised our forecast by 75,000 members. That means that we should grow at just over 4% for the year. Our benefit ratio for the quarter was lower than we anticipated. That was driven by claims development and higher than expected revenue, and that was also offset by the higher inpatient costs that I referenced earlier. More specifically, inpatient admissions were higher than we expected in the back half of the second quarter. That pressure has continued into July. For now, we believe that planning for continued pressure within our guidance is the right approach, that we also feel good that this pressure ultimately can be mitigated. We've taken several measures to mitigate that pressure. So, for example, we're continuing to ensure clinical appropriateness of admissions, especially in light of the 2-midnight rule we are enhancing claims audits and we are negotiating with provider partners to achieve better clinical and contractual alignment. In Medicaid, we're excited about our continued growth through both contract wins and member growth, and we continue to wait for additional RFPs. We have some modest claims pressure in Medicaid, but we do not expect it to impact our full year results. In CenterWell, Primary Care is delivering strong clinic and patient growth, and we're confident that we're on track to mitigate v28 as it phases in. Overall, our pharmacy volumes are in line with plan and we continue to drive lower cost to fill, particularly in our less mature specialty pharmacy business. The home business has generated high single digit admission growth and the team continues to improve their cost structure, anticipating continued rate pressure in that space. We continue to make progress managing our admin costs and where had a plan for the year. Broadly, we are focused on automation. This is in reducing our cost to fill in our pharmacy business and it's also in lowering member service costs within our Insurance segment. Give just a few examples of the type of work, actually really good work, that our teams are doing. We're seeing an increased Medicare claims auto adjudication rate by about 70 basis points. This does improve the provider experience and it does also reduce claim processing costs. We've optimized logistics across our specialty pharmacy facility in a way that reduces transit times and also lowers average delivery costs. We've improved our digital enrollment experience. This is leading to higher conversion rates and again, it's lowering our distribution costs. Finally, we're making good progress on multiyear initiatives. We recently announced a partnership with Google. This will help accelerate our AI efforts. That will in turn help reduce cost and improve the consumer experience. We're excited about a recent investment that we made at Healthpilot. Healthpilot uses AI to make the consumer purchasing experience better when shopping for Medicare Advantage. And we just entered into a lease agreement with Walmart that should help accelerate our primary care clinic. The implication as we look forward is that we're reaffirming our full year 2024 adjusted EPS and benefit ratio guidance. This prudently assumes that the higher inpatient costs will continue. Even as we work to mitigate that pressure. We're looking ahead to 2025. We continued expansion in adjusted EPS growth as a first step on what will be a multiyear path to a normalized margin. We continue to feel good about our bid assumptions and our product portfolio as we head into AP. I am excited about all of the momentum and the opportunity ahead. And so with that, I'll just remind you that we posted the prepared remarks to our Investor Relations website so that we could spend most of our time on Q&A today. And we will now open up the lines for your questions. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Hi, can you hear me?
Susan Diamond: Yes. Good morning, Ann.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Sorry about that. She cut out. So maybe going to the inpatient trends, is it really only the 2-midnight rule you're seeing pressure, or are there other areas of pressure that you're seeing? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Hi, Ann. Happy to take that. So, yes, and as we described in our previous commentary, both in the first quarter and then at conferences in the second quarter, we have seen some variation in our month-to-month inpatient results for, and then also the avoidance rates as we implemented the 2-midnight rule requirements, which, if you remember, that was a meaningful change and we need to make some assumptions around how it impact our historical patterns. As we described in the first quarter, our avoidance rates initially were lower, but then ultimately did come in line with our expectations by the end of the first quarter. Those have remained stable and continue to be in line with what we would have expected. The inpatient absolute level, however, has seen some more variation and was higher in the back half of the second quarter, in particular. As Jim mentioned, that has continued into July at relatively similar levels. Based on everything that we are seeing, including the fact that these continue to be lower acuity and lower average cost, as well as the fact that we continue to see corresponding reductions in non-inpatient on observation side, it does all point to a belief that it is likely largely due to further impacts from the 2-midnight rule implementation. We would say this is also consistent with what we've seen reported from the hospital systems with their results in terms of volume and revenue per patient. So we do believe it's all consistent. With respect to July, it is relatively consistent. We are seeing just a slight amount of COVID as well on top of that, but otherwise consistent. So as far as everything we have visibility to right now, it does seem to have stabilized, but is higher than we had anticipated entering the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: Thank you. The guidance implies a good step up in second half MLR. Can you speak to how much of that is seasonality versus assumed continuation of the July trend? And is there a way to break out the impact of the increase inpatient in July on the 2Q MLR?
Susan Diamond: Hey, Sarah. Yes, so in terms of the second half MLR, as we said, it does anticipate that the higher inpatient volumes, which are partially offset by lower average unit costs and then those lower observation stays will continue into the third quarter and the back half of the year. So that is fully accounted for. To your point, there is some workday seasonality that impacts the quarterly progression as well. For the third quarter, specifically, it is contributing about 80 basis points to the expectation for the third quarter MLR. So that is accounted for as well. The offset to that is largely in the fourth quarter, where we expect to see favorable workday seasonality relative to last year. I think your second question asked whether the higher July activity impacted second quarter results, which obviously it wouldn't. That would be considered in our third quarter results.
Sarah James: Right. Sorry. Is there a way to quantify the July impact on MLR? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: No. So I would say again, the core admission volumes is in line with what we had anticipated. Based on the second quarter performance, there is a slightly higher amount due to COVID, which again, I wouldn't say that's overly concerning to us, and given it's clearly COVID related, we would expect it not to persist for the full balance of the year. But something will certainly continue to last.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Mok with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Good morning. Hoping you give a little bit more color on the MLR progression this year. You're guiding 3Q insurance MLR up about 100 basis points sequentially, but it sounds like you're leaving that assumption relatively flat. Is that right? Because I would think 4Q MLR would be even higher than 3Q MLR just based on normal seasonality. Just want to understand those two points. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. When you think about the back half of the year, we do anticipate higher MLRs for the third quarter relative to last year. Relatively consistent, which again includes that workday impact I just mentioned. For fourth quarter, we obviously saw that very high utilization in the fourth quarter last year. Obviously, we jumped off of that in terms of expectations for this year, we see some slightly higher incremental pressure just because of the expectation of abnormal trend on top of last year's jumping off point. But because of that favorable workday seasonality that I just mentioned, it will positively impact the fourth quarter MLR, which is going to offset some of that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First, the higher inpatient cost, if I just run some simple math, your typical seasonality first half, the second half on MLR, typically pretty flat to up slightly. Let's call it zero to 50 basis points. So it looks like you're up closer to 125. So am I right in thinking that this impatience pressure is about 100 basis points to MLR in general? If not, can you quantify it somehow for us in terms of the level of pressure that this is specifically putting on MLR? And then, what's embedded in the second half relative to what you expected previously. And then you talked in the prepared remarks about being comfortable with your 2025 bids. You said this came in the back half of the quarter, so that's second half of May. Those bids are due in the beginning of June. How do you get investors comfortable with the fact that your bids would be able to absorb this type of pressure given that you didn't see it until right when bids were being submitted?
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Hi, Justin. So in terms of the MLR seasonality, there are some impacts year-over-year just because we continue to see increasing pressure last year. So it sort of impacted the progression we saw last year. With respect to this year, when you think about first half and second half, there is some favorability in the first half of the year that offsets some of the higher costs that we did see beneficially impacting the benefit ratio. And those are some of which are one time in nature where they won't run rate. Some are unique to the first quarter or the first half of the year. Typically, things you can think of like prior year claims development, which we've acknowledged has been favorable versus our expectations. We've also mentioned that we saw favorability in our '23 final MRA payment, which is more one time in nature still positive, but won't run right into the back half of the year. So some of those things are disproportionately impacting our first half MLR this year relative to some prior years and so, obviously won't repeat in the back half, which can create some differences in what we're expecting first half and second half. So within our second half assumptions, as we've said, we have assumed that the higher absolute level of inpatient volumes plus the naturally offsetting unit cost and observation stays that we've experienced, those are all assumed to continue for the balance of the back half of the year. And then, as we said, there are some workday seasonality impacts that are a little bit different this year. They're also embedded in that as well. As far as '25 bids, to your point, we submitted these bids prior to some of the development of this inpatient pressure. So that is not explicitly contemplating the bids, but we would say some of the offsetting positive news, the higher risk scores in the final MRA payment, as well as the lower inpatient unit cost, the lower observation stays, and some of our other favorable prior year development coming from things like claim cost management and audits were also not contemplated in the bids. And so more durable. And so all told, and considering all of those factors, we continue to feel good about the bid assumptions in the aggregate and the ability to deliver the margin and earnings expansion that we had always contemplated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask a clarification and then a broader question. The clarification being, Susan, I think you had previously said that 2-midnight rule was worth about 50 to 75 basis points in the MLR. I wondered if you could give us an updated number on that. And then the broader question I have is, over multiple years of value creation plan activity, the company's endeavored to drive efficiency and take cost out. I'm wondering if essentially you've cut the muscle, if you've cut so much cost that your kind of anticipatory mechanisms and ability to react and act quickly on elevated cost activity has been hampered by the depth to which you've cut costs. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yeah, David. So I'll take the first question on the 2-midnight rule and then hand it off to Jim for your second question. So yes, I think the impact that you referenced was what we anticipated going into the year relative to the 2-midnight rule. Obviously what we've seen, if the higher inpatient costs are in fact attributable to the 2-midnight rule, which again the information we have would seem to suggest that it generally is, then that would obviously have a higher impact than we had expected. All told, when you consider the positive prior year development as it respects claims and the unit cost and the observation stays, when you take all of that in total, we are able to mitigate a significant portion of that, but not all of it. And so intra year, the remaining offset is coming from that favorable MRA, which again we expect to continue, which is why we continue to feel good about the $16 for this year and $25 for next year. But we haven't sized the incremental impact for the 2-midnight rule, and I don't have that information sitting here today that I'd be prepared to do that on this call.
James Rechtin: Yeah. Hey, I can jump in on the cost management question. First of all, it's good question. It's one of the questions that I was asking and staring at when I first came in here seven months ago. The short answer is, I don't see any evidence that we've done anything that has cut in the muscle today. And I think that's the most important thing. Anytime you go through a cost transformation like this, you've got some low hanging fruit upfront and then you have a lot of harder work that is tied to the things that we talked about earlier, automation, using technology to do process redesign, et cetera. The quick hits you get quickly and the rest of it takes real planning and investment over multiple years. The company has done a nice job of planting the seeds for that multiyear cost management and there's more to do. When you think about the nature of this business and what technology can do to take cost out over time, there is still more opportunity. That opportunity is just going to be phased in over multiple years. It's not going to be the big jump that we saw a year, year and a half ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Maybe just stepping back. I know, Jim, in your letter you talk about multiyear opportunity for margin recovery and some of the discussions we've had with the company earlier in the year. The thinking was, given the market competitive environment, given some of the restrictions on tweaking benefits, that we should think of it in terms of 100 to 150 basis points of margin recovery, MLR and then margin maybe each year for the next few years. I wonder if you have any updated thoughts on how fast we can see that margin recovery. I know you reiterated long-term, you think it could be 3% target. I think that's before investment income. Can you give us any updated thoughts on how the progression looks over the next two or three years?
James Rechtin: Yeah. Let me hit a couple of things in there. So, first of all, I want to separate two concepts. We have talked about the multiyear margin recovery that is really driven by the regulatory environment, what you can do in any one year with TBC, et cetera. And we really don't have any change to the commentary that we have made on that previously. The second thing that I referenced is multiyear planning. And when you think about multiyear planning, I'm going to go back, actually in a way to the comment that I just made. If there's a place that we're going to have to be more disciplined over the coming years, it's really in how we're measuring and evaluating the return on the expenses, whether it's capital or whether it's operating expense that we have in any given year. So that we're optimizing those decisions and then making sure that we've got the processes, that we're not just operating with discipline in one year period of time, but we're driving the accountability over years two, three, four and five that go back to that investment you made in year one. That's the place where I think that there's more opportunity and the benefit of that is just getting to more consistent performance year-over-year-over-year-over-year. That is kind of really grounded in how do you optimize shareholder value over multiple years. So that's a different concept or a different thing that I am commenting on in the letter from the margin recovery that we need to make sure that we're building into our benefits and our pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. Maybe two quick questions, maybe just to wrap up that last point, Jim. Would you say that this is a change for Humana that you're bringing to this, that maybe this was a shortfall, multiyear planning with a shortfall relative to historical? Or are you just saying this is something you always have to do and you're just going to continue to do it? And then, I guess, second, on the provider business, can you comment a little bit more about the MLR trend there? Are you seeing the same inpatient pressures there, or is there anything else that you would spike out on that side of the business? Thanks.
James Rechtin: Yeah, I hit the first one, and then I'll hand this over to Susan to comment on the second. It's not so much that it's a change as it is something that we can get more disciplined about and we can get better at. Nature of this business, Medicare Advantage in particular, is that it's an annual cycle business. You guys know that we talk about it all the time, annual repricing, annual rate notice, annual AEP and member growth. And in that environment, it can be challenging to really be disciplined about how you think about three, four, five-year investments. And again, that's not just capital investments, that's operating investments that you're making in any given year. And so it is something that the company thinks about. It's also something that the company can get better at.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. And Kevin, on your second question, with our provider business, I would say the highest level similar results to the health plan, although on the claims side, I would say not quite as much inpatient pressure as we've seen. And we -- that's consistent, I think, with what we talked about earlier in the year where we weren't seeing as much pressure in the risk book from some of that inpatient activity when it started to emerge. They've also, as I've said before, consistently demonstrated a better impact to work with the hospital systems on those authorization requests and determining the appropriate level of care, which oftentimes results in not needing an inpatient stay. And again, just better than what we see on average within the health plan. They've also seen some favorable MRA in their '23 final payment. But then we also acknowledge that CenterWell, because they do have an agnostic platform, they don't get the same level of real time information as we do. And so we are taking a little bit of a cautious approach as we think about their performance. It's harder to estimate the impact of change that's still running through the system. So I would say generally not inconsistent with the health plan, but not quite at the same level.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Josh Raskin: Hi. Maybe just shifting gears, can you speak about your expectations for the PDP segment in 2025, including expectations for membership and then profit and margin. And then maybe based on that benchmark data that we saw this week, what should we take away from the industry bids? And maybe lastly, any commentary on expectations of participation in that demonstration project?
Susan Diamond: So, hey, Josh. So yeah, there's a lot going on, obviously in the Part D side, particularly PDP. As we said, it is hard to really understand how everyone might have approached their bids for 2025, particularly in the standalone Part D space. As we said before, selection in terms of your underlying membership is really important, and we each have a little bit of a different product strategy, which may have caused us to approach the bids differently. I would say broadly, I think the industry was focused on mitigating some of the increased exposure and liability risk that we all have in the way that the program will be constructed for '25. With the information that was released this week on the benchmarks, as we've all seen, it does suggest that the direct subsidy maybe is going to be higher than what certainly analysts had expected. It's impossible to know what each company might have anticipated, but what is nice to say that it is more reflective of some of those higher costs that we've been saying the industry is going to have to deal with in 2025. As far as the demo, honestly, there's still a lot of questions about how the demo will work that we're all awaiting additional guidance from CMS on that, and so too early to say whether we're going to be able to participate or nothing. And as far as the direct impact of the direct subsidies and the benchmarks, again is always the case, we aren't going to comment on that specifically, recognizing new bids are still open and people will be making changes in light of that. So certainly, we'll talk more as we get past the bid submission timeline, but right now, for competitive reasons, we just -- we won't be commenting specifically.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you very much. Switching over to Medicaid, it seems like a lot of your peers saw some utilization and acuity headwinds in those books, but you noticed some favorability in Florida and seems like you might have been a little bit better forecasted there. Could you talk about kind of what you're seeing specifically in that key market? And then maybe what you're noticing in some of your newer Medicaid markets in terms of utilization? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Ben, so as you pointed out, we do think our results are probably a little bit different than some others have reported. And that is because I think we've always said we tried to take a conservative approach to how we thought about the impact of redetermination. Assuming that ultimately we would only retain 20% of the members who gained access through the PHE, and made the assumption that the acuity of those members that were retained would look like more like the historical Medicaid performance versus the lower acuity we saw through the PHE. I would say that has all largely proven to be true. So -- and we called out Florida specifically because it's the best representation of that. We're obviously the largest membership and would be impacted most significantly from redeterminations. And Florida is performing slightly better than our expectations. So that is positive. We did call out in our remarks we are seeing in our newer states, discrete pressure. It's a little bit different in each one. Oklahoma, as an example, is pharmacy related. We understand everybody's seeing that there are risk corridors in place that mitigate the exposure on that, which is good. In Kentucky, it's behavioral related, which, again, I think others have called out as well. The team's working hard and has mitigation opportunities across each of those states that they're working on. And then ultimately, we do feel good about our discussions with our state partners, and that ultimately that they will adjust the rates to be reflective of those trends. So all things being considered, we still feel good about the Medicaid performance in '24 relative to our expectations, and then also on a go forward basis, given all the items I just mentioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. Just a quick clarification first and then an actual question. Susan, I think in an earlier response, you said you feel good about the $16 of EPS this year, and then feel good about 2025. I think some misheard the comment on 2025 is a specific value you are offering as an EPS expectation. Can you just confirm first if you were offering any kind of comment on 2025? And then my actual question is, as we think about the MLRs and the incremental margins on the few hundred thousand members in plan and county exits, any sense you can give us on that? Just trying to wonder if that's actually an EPS driver for you year-on-year, or is this something that incrementally could be -- something you just have to manage through in context of everything else you're trying to achieve with bids and profitability next year. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. So, yes, definitely want to clarify here's what's interesting. So yes, we feel good about the $16, and yes, we feel good about our 2025 assumptions. I did not mean to suggest that we're sharing an EPS target for 2025. Obviously, we've been clear. We haven't given any forward guidance for '25 and would expect to do that on our normal timeline. So I was just making the point that based on everything we know, we continue to feel good about the 2024 results and what we're planning for '25. As far as exit specifically, so as we've been saying, given the TBC limitations and the trend in IRA and v28 that we're having to price for in '25, that a lot of that would fully sort of be offset by the benefit changes you could make and not leave much incremental room for margin recovery in the aggregate. The plan exits, though, do provide an opportunity to actually get margin expansion in terms of percent and absolute earnings because we do have planes that are running at a loss. And so, as we said before, we studied the performance of our plans in each market very closely, and if they were performing at a loss and did not have a reasonable path to getting to at least breakeven performance in a reasonable period of time, we did consider an exit as a better solution there. So there are cases where we'll do that and that will be incrementally positive to our earnings progression. But ultimately, as we said, the absolute level of earnings growth is very dependent on our ultimate membership change for next year. And in this environment, we've acknowledged there's a wider range, potential outcomes. And so we'll need to see the landscape before we can comment further on member growth and then certainly EPS expectations for next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Was hoping you could maybe just sort of catalog or walk us through the different inputs into the $3 billion raise to the revenue guidance. Obviously, saw the updates to the MA and PDP membership changes, but in isolation, those wouldn't sort of amount to for anything really close to $3 billion. So know there's probably some other drivers there, whether it's Medicaid or CenterWell. Just to be helpful, Susan, if you just walked us through those different pieces. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Hey, Scott. So, yes, the change to the revenue guidance is the largest driver, is by far the membership. When you consider the magnitude of the increase in expected membership for the year, that'll drive both revenue and claims. Right? And we've said before, new members on average, you can think of as having little contribution, particularly, added membership in the back half of the year where the commission costs run higher for that first year. So the main driver is membership. But as we said, we did see some favorable outperformance on our '23 final year MRA and some intra year positivity on our revenue risk or estimates as well. That's included, but I would say the majority by far is membership related.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. Jim, could you describe a little bit of how you're morphing the management process of a company and any sort of Oregon talent changes you're making there and any sort of timing related to a strategic review? And then maybe as part of that, what are your top priorities for taking operating expenses out, both in light of the member reductions and then just obviously as part of trying to recover your margin? Thanks.
James Rechtin: Okay. So there's a lot in there. Let me see if I can capture this. Management process, strategic review, cost management. Did I miss anything?
Susan Diamond: Margin recovery.
James Rechtin: Margin recovery, yeah. So I'll try to hit each of those succinctly here. Management process. I think the biggest thing that we're doing around management process is actually what I referred to earlier, is trying to take up to the next level our discipline of looking out multiple years, how we're measuring performance over multiple years against the investments and the expenses and the things we're doing in any given year, and then how do we make sure that we're driving accountability over those multiple years? I mean, that is the single biggest change that obviously then dovetails into strategic review. We're in the midst of that. We're going a little deeper than I think we would in normal year, largely because I'm new to the team. And we're really trying to use that process to implement those management processes that I just described. So we're in the middle of that process. We will have more to say about the exact timing and the exact outcomes of that sometime early to mid-next year. The cost management, there are two different things in there. One is how do we manage variable cost? And so the team actually has good processes around that. Of course, we're tightening them up given the range of membership outcomes that we could have this year. But that is a pretty standard process that you're simply honing, taking variable cost out with membership. And then we are diving deeper and deeper into how do you actually drive real process redesign with automation technology. I point back to the partnership we've got with Google around AI. What we're thinking about, even in things like distribution costs by being able to drive more efficient digital distribution. All of those things are about driving long-term cost management, which hits both fixed and improves variable over time. And then -- did I hit everything?
Susan Diamond: Margin recovery
James Rechtin: Margin recovery. I'm going to go back to the same place that we've been on margin recovery. It's going to take -- we expect to be at least 3% in our Medicare Advantage business. It's going to take multiple years to get there. That is largely driven by the regulatory environment, TBC, et cetera. And that is based on some basic assumptions, kind of reasonable assumptions, about how rate and trend is going to develop over that period of time. We think we'll be back to normal in 2027, back to a normalized margin. And that's what we've communicated in the past, been pretty deep into those numbers, and I feel good about the direction that the team has given.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ha with Baird.
Michael Ha: Thank you. Just a quick clarification on Op Ex, first, and my real question. I know your press release mentioned some of your lower than planned admin expenses were considered timing in nature, but wasn't that also mentioned in 1Q? So are those timing items expected to flip back into third quarter and fourth quarter? And then my real question coming back to Justin's question on bids, apologies, I may have missed part of the answer. But sounds like this elevated inpatient utilization was not embedded in '25 bids. So if it were to persist through to '25, and presumably if it is an industry wide dynamic, then I imagine your relative competitive positioning would in theory be unchanged. But I imagine this would also then impact your own expected MA margin recovery for next year. So all-in-all, if it were to persist, wondering if you could discuss how this could incrementally impact your MA margin progression next year versus your prior expectations. Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Michael, so on the OpEx, yes, we did mention both in the first quarter and then second, that some of the favorability we've seen in administrative cost is timing in nature. And that's just a difference in when we projected, we would have certain spend and when it's now expected to be incurred. Some of the areas where it's natural that you might say is marketing and just the timing and the opportunity they see in the AEP versus OEP versus ROY and then going into next year. IT is also one that can be difficult to predict the exact progression of when projects will be completed. So there are a number of things where while it's favorable in the quarter, we would expect that it's still going to be spent for the full year, and so then we'll flip out in the third or fourth quarter. On the bids, what we want to try to convey is, we did not anticipate this higher utilization in our bids given when it developed relative to the deadlines for filing those bids. So that will be incremental pressure relative to our discrete medical cost assumptions and bids. However, we also did not incorporate the lower unit costs, the lower observation stays, nor the higher risk scores that we've seen develop in the first half of the year either. And because those have largely offset, those are also expected to be durable into '25. All considered, we still feel good about the MLR expectations that we have within the collective assumptions in our 2025 bids. So we are at this point, much like we're assuming it'll continue in the back half of the year. We've looked at our '25 assumptions and if that continues through the big duration of '25 with those other offsets, again, we should be back to a similar position as it respects the MLR that we had planned for within our '25 bids.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Jessica Tassan with Piper Sandler.
Jessica Tassan: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question. So I wanted to follow up on that. How are the higher than anticipated risk scores that you referred to in the prepared remarks impacting your view of the v28 headwinds in '24 and '25? And is the favorability related to any kind of specific efforts like IHEs and any reason why it wouldn't compound or effectively double year-over-year in 2025? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Jessica, so the favorability we saw on the 23 file is primarily related to new members in 2023 and that's where, based on their data enrollment, we just don't have the full claims history in order to know specifically what their subsequent year risk score will be, because we just don't have the benefit of the claims. So that typically, if we do see favorability is the source of it. And so that's what we've seen. It's largely within -- the membership growth was largely concentrated in those LPPO [ph] claims, so that's where we've largely seen it. It would have -- I would say the v28 impact is sort of unchanged in terms of our thinking. It's not now on higher membership, but I would say the outperformance on the '23 final MRA doesn't have a literal impact in terms of our v28 thinking, but proportionately because we have more members, it'll just be accounted for within that. In terms of the outperformance we did see, like I said, because it was related to the new members where we didn't have the full visibility and that was not contemplated in our '25 bids. With the visibility we now have, we would expect to see that recur into 2025 and be another mitigate to offset higher inpatient utilization if it also happens to maintain throughout '25.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom: Hey, good morning. Two kind of super high level questions. It looks to me like the industry is losing the argument in Washington. You've seen a couple of things that suggest taxpayers are spending 13% or so percent more on Medicare Advantage than they would be on straight Medicare fee for service. So I wonder if you think your advocacy efforts are sufficient. And what is the kind of elevator pitch to a senator when he or she asks, is MA a good deal for the taxpayers? Apples-to-apples, because it seems like there's a split question. The second high level question is, if you just look at your G&A long-term opportunity, incorporating all the tools of AI and everything you know today, what is the kind of floor on how far -- how low you think you could drive G&A over, say, the next five years? Thank you.
James Rechtin: Yeah. So DC policy advocacy, how do we make the elevator pitch and then comment on G&A? Let me just hit the G&A one real quick. That one's a little bit easier. We are working through that question, among others right now, through the strategic review that we're doing, et cetera. We'll have more to say about that next year, early to mid-next year. And so I'm going to defer on that question for the moment. On the DC policy, so we've had a lot of conversation about that internally. And what I would keep going back to is, number one, we know that we deliver value to our members and our patients. That is very well documented. We get better outcomes. We deliver better health security by lowering the cost to members for the care that they receive and giving them access to more benefits. We also know, and it's pretty well documented, that we deliver like for like benefits at a lower cost than what original Medicare does. Those two things mean that there's a value proposition for members and for taxpayers. What we can do a better job of, and part of what I think the entire industry needs to be focused on is building the case for the second of those two things even more tightly and then better explaining and understanding what of that value does accrue back today to taxpayers. What doesn't and how do we actually collaborate with CMS to make sure that the regulatory environment allows that value to accrue back or some of that value to accrue back? None of that should be harmful to the MA sector. In fact, I would argue that it helps the MA sector, are getting tighter and better and understanding the impact on taxpayers, how the regulatory environment shapes that, what we can do to create a long-term value proposition for taxpayers that creates real stability for the Medicare and Medicaid program over time. That's good for everybody. It's good for the MA sector, it's good for the member, it's good for taxpayers, and that's what we've got to focus on getting back to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess the question, as it relates to the 2025 bid strategy, I guess, first of all, is there a way to characterize the approach to, like, how much -- for how many beneficiaries did you guys kind of want to remove the plan or exit a plan as a way to preserve margin or pursue margin, and to what degree? I guess on the other side, are you guys just looking to restructure plan benefits? And I think even at a higher level, the question I want to ask is, like, are you guys willing to quantify, like, how many individual MA members you provide plans for now that will not have that plan offered in 2025?
James Rechtin: Yeah. Let me jump in on this one. So the question -- well, some of this is going to be a repeat of things that we've said in the past. So we've got a set of plans that are not profitable, that we don't see a path to making them profitable. We have exited those. That impacts a number of our members. In most cases, and the vast majority of cases, those members will have access to another Humana plan. So there's very few actual geographies will fully exit. We have another set of plans that is either marginally profitable or marginally unprofitable, but we see a path to recovering the profitability of those plans, and we are working on that through reducing benefits and changing our pricing. And then we have a set of plans that are actually quite attractive, how they perform today, and we are protecting those plans. That is how we have approached this. Today, for competitive reasons, we're not prepared to give specific numbers of members that fall into each of those categories.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. And I think, George, just to add to what Jim said, we've given you the overall expectation that we'll reduce membership a few hundred thousand members, primarily related to plan exit. So you can assume, right, it's not a small number, within that there is an assumption that obviously we will retain some of those members because as Jim said, in almost -- virtually all of the counties where we're having plan changes, there is another plan option available to our beneficiaries. So there's an inherent assumption. As Jim said, we don't want to give details right now because again, there are still changes being made to bid submissions through the normal process. As we get later into the quarter, there may be an opportunity at another public forum once bids are filed where we can provide some more detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks for taking my question. In light of the disciplined approach that you're talking about in the ongoing strategic review, how are you thinking now about capital deployment from here, whether it's prioritizing the alignment with the Medicaid book and ability to service duals, or is it more on the care delivery assets, and what is your level of focus or thinking even on the organic opportunities, I guess, generally speaking at this point. Thanks.
James Rechtin: Yeah. So let me start by characterizing where we believe growth opportunity is over and above what's in the Medicare book. And again, this is largely consistent with what the company has done in the past. We believe that there's growth opportunity at CenterWell. We believe there's growth opportunity in Medicaid. And to your point, there is significant kind of synergy or interrelated benefits between the Medicaid growth and the Medicare book because of duals and between CenterWell and the Medicare book because of the ability to impact quality and total cost of care. So we actually think that combination works and we continue to lean into it. When we think about capital deployment, the simple rubric that we're kind of staring at is strategically does it align with driving lower total cost of care and/or quality? Does it offer an attractive return on capital? And when you look at the array of opportunities to invest, what drives the best return over time? Right? What drives shareholder value over time? Those are the things that we're looking at, and we're looking at the same spaces that we've been looking at it in the past.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Ryan Langston with TD Cowen.
Ryan Langston: Hi. Good morning. On the inpatient activity, just in the prepared remarks, you said performing higher levels of appropriateness checks and potential mitigation activities. I guess, is there a potential maybe down the road for maybe a larger than normal amount of revisions on these claims for medical necessity or the like, or a disadvantage to those kind of claims in mass, look largely to be adjudicated as they are. And then I think you said that you were negotiating with providers for closer alignment. Can you elaborate on exactly what that means? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hey, Ryan. Yeah. I'll take the first part of that and then hand it over to Jim for the second. On the inpatient, I think as you guys are, we do within our utilization management programs, have what we call a frontend review process. So we are reviewing those authorizations in real time as they come in for things like medical necessity and site of service effectively. And as I said, those -- we did have some changes to our expectations and how those programs would impact under the new 2-midnight rule. So that is operating as intended and as we said, largely having the results we expected. There is also activity that we do after the claim comes in, which we call a postpay review, where there are some incremental opportunities to just review, again the more specificity on that claim to make sure it's appropriate and we get value from both sides of that. But I would say we have really good information and tracking of the impact those programs are having. And I would not expect a material change to happen relative to our current expectations as a result of some of those longstanding programs.
James Rechtin: Yeah. And then on the contracting, if you think about the way that contracting works at a high level, you're essentially aligning on a rate and you're aligning on a set of initiatives or incentives around how to manage appropriate utilization. And we have contracts that align those incentives very well. And we have contracts where there's an opportunity to improve that alignment around utilization and appropriate care. And so we are really looking at the contracts that perform best, and we're trying to figure out how you begin to move more of the network in that direction.
End of Q&A:
James Rechtin: Hey, so with that being our last question, let me just say a couple quick things. I'm going to come back to. We do feel good about where we're at mid-year. We feel good about the performance that we've seen and where that's at relative to the beginning of the year. I am going to reinforce that. We are seeing inpatient pressure. We have seen that in particular in the back half of the second quarter and now obviously a little bit into July. We're taking a cautious approach in reaffirming our $16 guidance. And we continue to feel good that we're going to have margin expansion, EPS growth heading into 2025. And so that is where we're at. We feel good. I do want to just thank our teams. They put a lot of work into getting us where we're at here at mid-year. And I continue to look forward to working with all of you on this phone call and our teams here at Humana. So thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone had a chance to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. We will begin this morning with brief remarks from Bruce Broussard, Humana's Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Rechtin, Humana's President and Chief Operating Officer. 
 Followed by a Q&A session, where Bruce and Jim will be joined by Susan Diamond, Humana's Chief Financial Officer.  
 Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our first quarter 2024 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. 
 Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. 
 Finally, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard. 
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope you had the opportunity to review our prepared remarks, which we posted this morning along with our earnings release. We'll spend the majority of our time today on Q&A, but I'd first like to highlight a few key messages that we want you to take away from our discussion.  
 First, we had a solid start to 2024 and we're pleased to reaffirm our full year adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $16 while increasing our individual MA membership growth outlook by 50,000 to 150,000 net growth. Early medical cost trend indicators in our individual MA business are largely in line to positive relative to expectations, and we have seen strong year-to-date patient growth in our primary care business with 20% growth in our de novo centers and 7% growth in our more mature wholly owned centers. 
 In addition, we are incredibly proud of our continued organic success expanding our Medicaid platform with recent contract wins in Florida, Texas and Virginia. We are pleased that 2024 is trending in line with expectations. As we look ahead, we acknowledge that the industry is experiencing a dynamic and challenging time we must navigate. And while the current environment will create disruption for the industry in the near term, we continue to believe in the strong core fundamentals and growth outlook of the MA industry and our ability to effectively compete in MA market remains intact. 
 Specific to 2025, we expect benefit levels, planned stability and choice for seniors to be negatively impacted by the final MA rate notice, which is not sufficient to address their current medical cost trend environment and regulatory changes. Considering the significant difference between the final rate notice and our previous funding assumption, combined with the inherent pricing limitations imposed by the TBC change thresholds, we no longer believe $6 to $10 of adjusted EPS growth is the appropriate target range for 2025. 
 Importantly, we believe that the industry will adjust to the current funding regulatory over time, continuing to deliver strong top line growth and normalizing at an appropriate margin of at least 3%. In that context, we remain committed to margin recovery and profitable growth through a multiyear pricing actions, creating value for our shareholders over the long term. 
 Our 2025 adjusted EPS growth outlook will be impacted by several variables to which we will not have clear visibility until later this year, including finalization of our MA bid pricing decisions, the continued evolution of the industry cost trends, and the level of competitor pricing actions in 2025, which will impact our net membership growth. 
 In addition, we continue to evaluate opportunities to drive growth and further productivity across all lines of business to support 2025 adjusted EPS growth. We appreciate your desire for more detail regarding our outlook for 2025, and we will, therefore, provide an update on our bid strategy post bid finalization, with further update in the fall once we have visibility into our competitor plans and expected membership implications. 
 Before turning it to Jim for a few remarks, I'd further emphasize that we continue to believe there is strong bipartisan support for the MA program and that the strong core fundamentals and growth outlook for MA and value-based care remain intact. 
 In addition, Humana's platform, unique focus on MA, and expanding CenterWell capabilities will allow us to compete effectively and deliver compelling shareholder value over the long term. 
 With that, turn it over to Jim. 
James Rechtin: Thanks, Bruce. I just want to echo your comments that the outlook for Humana specifically and for the MA industry more broadly remains strong. The industry is navigating a challenging time, but it's important to recall that this is not the first time that we've had to navigate challenging times and that we've seen difficult periods in the past. Humana has navigated this period successfully adjusting as needed and continuing to grow. 
 While we anticipate disruption in the near term, the sector fundamentals are sound. This includes favorable demographics, a compelling value proposition relative to traditional Medicare. We believe the industry will continue to grow, and Humana will be well positioned to remain a leader in the market. 
 I also want to reiterate that we are committed to pricing discipline and margin recovery in this bid cycle. We are actively evaluating plan level pricing decisions and the expected impact to membership. We are evaluating opportunities to drive productivity, we are focused on the levers to support adjusted EPS growth in 2025 and beyond. And as we have incremental data on 2025, we will share it. 
 We appreciate everyone's ongoing support and look forward to providing additional updates, our performance and outlook throughout the year. 
 With that, we will open the line for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho. 
Ann Hynes: I just want to focus on cost trends. Did you see any change in cost trends versus 4Q? Also in your prepared remarks, it sounds like the company believes they took a conservative approach to reserving just given the change healthcare situation. Can you suggest that early indicators suggest trends were in line or better. Can you just elaborate on that comment, that would be great. 
Susan Diamond: Yes. This is Susan. So as we evaluate the first quarter cost trends, as you guys understand, we do have good visibility to inpatient utilization from their more real-time authorization data. On unit cost and non inpatient, we are more dependent on claims. And so typically, in the first quarter, have limited visibility and given the change healthcare disruption even more so this quarter. .
 But as you might remember from our fourth quarter commentary, one of the things we did experience was an unexpected uptick in inpatient utilization, which we did believe was in some way related to the expected 2-midnight rule changes that went into effect in January. As we said in our fourth quarter, we anticipated that those higher utilization levels would continue into the first quarter and then be further impacted by the changes we had always anticipated in response to the changes to utilization management programs. 
 So as we evaluated the first quarter inpatient utilization, I had provided some commentary a couple of weeks ago at a conference and acknowledged it. For January and February, we did see slightly higher inpatient utilization, where the ultimate impact of some of those program changes was a little bit different than we had expected, but we had commented that the results were improving week to week. 
 We continue to see that, such that, while we were exiting February, we would say that the last week of February results were much more in line and we saw that continue into March and even some slight positive favorability such that for the full first quarter, as we said in our posted commentary, inpatient utilization overall is in line with expectations. So that's positive. 
 We'll have to see how the non-inpatient trends and inpatient unit costs develop as we get more visibility into the claim maturation. 
 The other early indicator is how prior year development matures. In the first quarter, we feel like we have better visibility for incurred claims through the third quarter of 2023. We think that the change healthcare disruption was more impactful to incurred periods of the fourth quarter and more recent. So we felt comfortable relying on what we saw through the third quarter. 
 And as we said in our commentary, we did see positive favorable -- positive prior year development, particularly for the third quarter across both inpatient and non-inpatient. So we view that as positive. 
 As the claims further mature, our hope is that we'll see some further [ progress ] into the fourth quarter. But for purposes, our quarter-end reserving, we did not contemplate that just because we recognized we have limited visibility. 
 As you said, as we did our analysis for the first quarter, we made an explicit adjustment for what claims we believe were missing due to the changed health care disruption. And just based on those results, we would have seen some net positivity in the quarter all in. Because we did recognize that we didn't have full visibility, we did go ahead and book additional claim reserves that ultimately reported our MLRs in line with expectations. 
 So our hope is that we will see that, that proves to have some conservatism. We will see how that continues to develop as all of those claims are received and processed, and we'll keep you guys updated on any intra-year development. But otherwise, hopefully, that's helpful in understanding what's reflected in the first quarter. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. 
Kevin Fischbeck: I wanted to just maybe focus on the commentary around the 3% plus margin, which seem to be orienting towards kind of the lower end of the 3% to 5% margin than many of your peers are talking about and maybe a little bit lower than what you were talking about before. Is that -- if that's true, then why would that be the case for you guys? And then I guess over the last couple of years, you've been trying to reorient this towards an enterprise margin. I would love to just kind of hear how you think a 3% MA margin translate into what the implied enterprise margin might look like. 
Susan Diamond: Kevin, yes. So yes, we continue to be oriented to enterprise margin and maximizing that across the health plan and CenterWell capabilities. And so don't intend on a recurring basis to speak specifically to the health plan. But given the magnitude of the impact we're anticipating for 2023 and 2024 and our acknowledgment that the margins currently are sitting closer to breakeven, we felt it was important to reiterate our view of what the long-term margin potential should be minimally for individual MA, not only for Humana, but the sector more broadly. And we do believe that 3% plus is a reasonable margin longer term. 
 Now to the degree the industry ultimately normalizes to something higher than that, we're not trying to suggest we would intentionally suppress it. We would expect to have a margin on par with the industry and competitive, and we think that would be minimally 3%. 
 I would say, as we think about the CenterWell opportunity, as we've said before, there's literal incremental opportunity from just further penetrating our CenterWell capabilities by health plan members, which we continue to focus on. 
 And then in addition to that, we do believe over time, if we can create differentiated experiences for our members who use those services, then we can increase claim satisfaction, and patient satisfaction, increase engagement, which should ultimately lead to better service results, improved loyalty and retention and overall improved total cost of care health outcomes, which can be driving further incremental margin and also reinvest it back in the business to support further growth. 
 So we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term potential and do just acknowledge in light of the final rate notice our progression back to that minimum 3% health plan margin will take a little bit longer than we had initially expected. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gary Taylor with TD Cowen. 
Gary Taylor: Two quick things I just want to make sure I understand. Back on the first quarter call, we asked about TBC and you felt it wasn't a constraint to margin recovery for '25. And I think what's changed is that might have been true with the 0% funding assumption, but at a negative [ 1 6 ] you're just more underwater, so to speak, from an underwriting perspective. And so now TBC is more relevant to '25. So I just want to confirm that. 
 And then secondly, that $6 to $10 bridge, in our view, the final notice, on paper, wipes out most of that bridge. But at our conference in March, you had suggested you had still expected to see some earnings growth for '25. So I just wanted to see if you could affirm that expectation today? 
Susan Diamond: Yes. Gary, and you are correct. With where the final rate notice came in, it will require larger benefit reductions to achieve stable margins and approach the TBC thresholds in some cases. And so that's where, as we said all along, we will be evaluating plan and county exits where the TBC limits impede our ability to price products at a reasonable margin. 
 And then also look for opportunities within the bids to optimize benefit changes, to support further margin improvement. Given the competitive bidding process, we're going to avoid sharing any specific details today on what that might look like. But certainly, as Jim suggested, post bid, we'll be able to share a little bit more detail on how we approach the strategy for '25 plan designs. 
 We do recognize that in light of the final rate notice sort of net membership will be more impactful to what we can ultimately deliver for '25 earnings than it might have been in the previous thinking. And so that's where we just feel like we need to have more visibility into competitor reactions to the final rate notice before we can really evaluate that. 
 The final thing I'll say is, technically, as we sit here today, we do not have the TBC threshold for 2025. And so to the degree that moves even a couple of dollars positively or negatively, can impact ultimately what we think we can deliver for margin progression given where we are. So for all of those reasons, we're just going to need some additional time. But as we said, as we know more, we will make sure to update you and provide you with information as we become more confident in the information that we have access to. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. 
Justin Lake: Hello, can you hear me? 
Susan Diamond: Yes. 
Justin Lake: So one, I wanted to follow up on Kevin's question and then I got one of my own. The 3% margin, the 3% plus target, my recollection is when I did the math for 2025, when you originally had the $37, I was getting to about a 3.5% individual MA margin within that $37. Is that the right ballpark that you'd previously assumed just so we can compare or contrast? 
 And then can you confirm that this doesn't include investment income, which I think makes them a little less comparable? And then my question is on 2025. At this point, rates are known and the key -- I know TBC is still got to come. You've got to make some decisions. But the key swing factor appears to be Medicare Advantage membership. Get that there's less visibility here, but maybe you can walk us through. I know I get a lot of questions on the P&L impact from lost membership, right? I'm thinking specifically beyond the loss margin, deleveraging on SG&A, whether you can offset that with efficiencies. And then any kind of downstream impacts from CenterWell. So maybe you could give us a framework to think about like every 1% decline in membership, the negative impact through the P&L ex the loss margin might be ex something. 
Susan Diamond: Okay. Yes. So I think that was 6 questions in 1, but I will do my best to hit them all. To your first comment about the $37, you are correct. And here in that initial modeling, you can think of it between 3% and 3.5% over that period. And we had always said that our belief was that any margin progression and improvement would largely come from productivity and efficiency, not MLR gains and then any sort of revenue and claim trend vendors would sort of support the product to remain competitive and continue to grow. .
 But, yes, you were correct in terms of where we would have been thinking in the previous guidance. And you are correct, the 3% plus that we referenced does not include investment income. And so that can sometimes vary in terms of how peers report their margin targets. But for us, that would exclude investment income. 
 In terms of '25, as you said, TBC is going to be a huge factor, just given where we think we are in terms of expected benefit changes and the net membership growth, as you said. The other thing I'll mention before coming back to membership is just trend. Depending on how the trend develops in, well, frankly, how '23 ultimately restates, how '24 develops, that could be impactful to '25 as well. 
 We are not pricing for any favorability to emerge in 2024. And so to the degree it does, that would be incrementally positive going into next year as well. When you think about the membership, I would say the absolute membership is certainly important. And in light of the final rate notice and the expected changes that we expect, we think our ultimate result will be more sensitive to the net membership than it might otherwise have been. 
 And then in addition to that, I would say, plan mix underneath. There are varying margin profiles across a deal versus non, certain geographies and other factors. And so that mix ultimately will be important and how our plans are ultimately positioned relative to others. 
 I would say right now, as we've said all along, we are anticipating that membership declined for 2025, largely because we do intend to exit certain plans in counties whether that is incrementally larger or smaller based on the other plans will be very dependent on what we see across the competitive landscape. And as we know more, we'll certainly keep you apprised of our thinking. 
 Depending on the level of membership change, we certainly will be mindful of driving the appropriate admin cost adjustments in light of that. We are currently, as I said, planning for membership losses, so we would be proactively anticipating that. The variable is certainly much easier to address than normal course. We would just have to be very mindful of the targets we set across some of the nonvariable items, but certainly are anticipating that and we'll have strategies in place, should you see differences in the membership that we're currently thinking. 
 And then finally, I would say, generally speaking, the largest CenterWell business that's impacted by any net members to change is the pharmacy just given the penetration within the Humana pharmacy. That also is fairly sensitive to mix, less sensitive to dual changes who use mail order at a lower rate and be more highly sensitive to consumers who were shopping on value in terms of those co-pays. So that's something we'll continue to monitor. But I would say mostly, we would be looking at the impact of pharmacy. But impact will be much smaller across primary care and home and primary care, in particular, because they continue to have work on contracts with other providers such that even if we see a member just on a health plan side, hopefully, they're positioned to retain them on the clinic side through their other payer contracts. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. 
Stephen Baxter: Just to clarify the TBC commentary, our understanding is there are a lot of benefits that are not governed by TBC like flex cards. And it seems like you're suggesting that you're not comfortable making up the incremental rate headwind by cutting benefits that are outside of TBC. I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit on this dynamic and how you're thinking about the sensitivity of benefits that are outside of TBC thresholds. 
Susan Diamond: Yes. Sure, Stephen. So I would say on the non-D-SNP side, as we talk about the [ benefits ], most of the benefits are [ submitted ] to TBC. So even things that are technically supplemental things like dental, Part B givebacks and for those are for purposes of TBC accounting tools. There are some items that fall outside of TBC, some things like transportation, OTC, fitness and a few other things, but are relatively small versus those things [ due to product ] TBC. 
 We will be considering changes across both categories. Certainly, and in some cases, we will be going above TBC. In other cases, not. And that will be -- as we evaluate just the current financial performance of the plan. Even post some of these impacts and whether we believe it's situated in a way that can drive profitable growth in a sustainable way. For those plans, as we said, that are not, we will go to the maximum that we can in order to ensure that the products are properly positioned. 
 On the D-SNP side, technically, they don't apply TBC to the D-SNPs and most of those benefits are going to be the supplements, right? You've got the healthy options card because it covers food, OTC, transportation. So technically, there is no limitation on that side. And so that is more thinking through how are those plans financially performing, what's the opportunity for further growth in those markets. Those are all things we will be considering. We do expect benefit changes on the D-SNP side. And the dual plans will see more impact from the IRA as well. So those are all things we'll consider, but technically don't have the same literal TBC limitation. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets. 
Benjamin Hendrix: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more information on a previous utilization question. You mentioned earlier some measures you took to address the higher mix of short-stay inpatient volume versus observation stays. You saw earlier in the year, and I believe you've noted some training and other measures to bring those inpatient avoidance rates back in line. But just curious to what degree those measures impacted your APT performance for the quarter. And if there could be, that could be a source of some outperformance through the balance of the year versus your 90% [ MER ] guidance. 
Susan Diamond: Yes, Ben. So you are correct. So as we said on our fourth quarter call, we were anticipating in light of the 2-midnight rule changes that we would see an increase in short stays and things that under the old rules were built as an observation, they would now flip to an inpatient's stay. And we saw that in the fourth quarter start to emerge and did continue to see that in the [ first ] quarter incrementally. .
 As we said at the Cowen Conference, initially, we did see the avoidance rates fall short, a bit short of what we had expected. But as we said, as the providers and our staff were sort of trained and became accustomed to the new rules, we did see those rates improve week over week, such that by the time we exited February, they were much more in line with what we expected. 
 So as I said earlier, we did see some unfavourability in APT's January to lesser degree in February, but then March, as we saw those rates come in line, we're actually slightly positive such that for the full first quarter, largely in line on a utilization basis. 
 One thing we want to continue to evaluate is what the resulting unit cost is on those higher incremental APTs. In theory, they should be lower. That could provide a tailwind for the year. But as we said before, we're relying on the claims coming in and being paid to fully assess that. So we did not take that into our first quarter results and something that we'll continue to evaluate over the second quarter. But I do think potentially could be a tailwind relative to our expectations. 
 The only thing I'll say is that, if you think about the 90%, if you remember earlier this year, we did acknowledge that the changes to the physician payments that were implemented in February did present a headwind to our internal plan. And that was worth about $150 million for the year. We did not change our MLR guidance this morning. And so you can assume that, here now we're assuming that we will cover the impact of that physician fee schedule change. 
 And so some of this positivity would certainly help do that. But if for some reason, we didn't see that emerge, obviously, with the admin cost favorability that we delivered in the first quarter, we certainly have confidence that in any event, we'd be able to cover it through admin savings. But as we said in the commentary, cautiously optimistic about what we're seeing on the individual MA side. We'll just need to be able to further evaluate paid claims from both the unit cost perspective and the non-inpatient trends. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS. 
Albert Rice: Can you hear me? 
Susan Diamond: Yes, A.J. 
Albert Rice: Sorry, just went dark there for a second, so I wasn't 100% sure. Just two things real quick, you had talked about, I think, with the fourth quarter and even some of the year-end commentary that the road to recovery on the margin was about, you thought the market could absorb 100 to 150 basis points of annual improvement over the next few years. Calling beyond that might be disruptive from a competitive standpoint or for seniors and you thought you could get that. 
 I guess I'm trying to understand, is that -- is this sense about your ability to realize that from year-to-year over the next few years changed? Are you just saying that the '25 starting point might be lower, but you still kind of get that kind of gradual recovery to margin over time? Any perspective on that? And you haven't been asked, but in the press release, you said something about operating expenses having some timing impact in this quarter that might have been favorable. Can you comment on that and how that affects the rest of the year outlook? 
Susan Diamond: Yes, A.J., certainly. So in terms of our thinking on the trajectory to the 3% longer-term expectation, we would say that we do acknowledge this is going to be a multiyear process to recover margins. And the exact timing of that will be dependent on the funding environment, regulatory environment and then certainly the competitive environment. .
 I would say relative to what we would have thought and prior to the final rate notice coming out, we would have anticipated, as our previous guidance suggested that we would have more margin recovery in '25 then we think is reasonable currently in light of the TBC threshold combined with the final rate notice. 
 Also keep in mind for '25, we're dealing with not only 1/3 phase-in for V28, but also significant Part D changes from the IRA and then the higher-than-anticipated medical cost trend that largely developed post the filing of the '24 bids. So that is going to limit to some degree the amount of margin recovery we can get in '25. 
 When we think about '26, while we still have one more -- the final 1/3 of the V28 phase-in, we won't arguably have the Part D changes, we won't have the trend impact. So those headwinds will lessen, which then should give us more room to take additional pricing action for the purposes of margin recovery. 
 And then certainly, post '26 once V28 is fully phased in and assuming a reasonable rate environment, then we should have further incremental opportunity, which is why we've suggested that it's likely going to take a bit longer than the 2 years we had hoped previously. 
 The other thing I would just remind you is that to the degree the trend develops different than what CMS assumed in their '25 rate notice, which if you remember, anticipated the trends would actually moderate from the current levels. Then that ultimately should make it into the CMS rates as well and could potentially provide a slight tailwind as you think about the go-forward rate environment. So a lot for us to continue to monitor and assess, but do believe that '26 and beyond provide incremental opportunity for margin recovery relative to '25 for all the reasons I just mentioned. 
 And then on OpEx, as you said, we did see meaningful favorability for the quarter. As we evaluate that favorability, some of it, we believe, will continue and largely for the year. A portion of that, we would say, is onetime in nature where it's good news, but it's not going to repeat. And then there is a portion that is more timing where just it developed different than we had assumed in the budget. And so things like marketing are often an example of that where it may come in differently, the pacing of hiring may be different. 
 And so there's a variety of things that we would say are more timing in nature that won't, in fact, not only will not recur, but they'll actually reverse out in the balance of the year. But all in, still positive, we expect favorability for the year. For OpEx, it just wouldn't be appropriate to fully run rate the first quarter. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Fidel with Stephens. 
Scott Fidel: Can you hear me? 
Lisa Stoner: Yes, Scott. 
Scott Fidel: I was interested if you can maybe talk about how you would think about the value prop for seniors, potentially comparing between MA and traditional Medicare in 2025. Obviously, we're all very focused on the headwinds to the MA value prop as it relates to the challenging reimbursement outlook. But it also feels like seniors in traditional Medicare are going to be facing some meaningful headwinds as well when we think about the IRA impacts on Part D. 
 And then also just in terms of, curious what you've been seeing on utilization in the [MedSup booking] whether that may be leading to higher rate increases in Medicare Supplement. And also just thinking about the fact that CMS talked about not seeing utilization rising in Medicare fee-for-service, which clearly seems to contrast with everything we've seen out in the marketplace. But ultimately, I'm just trying to think about, is there a potential that MA enrollment growth relative to traditional Medicare may not necessarily moderate as much as feared because of some of these headwinds, introductional Medicare or are the headwinds in MA just so significant that it is likely that we'll see that moderation? 
Bruce Broussard: Scott, thanks. I'm sure Susan is saying thank you, too, to give her the break of all the questions that have been asked relative to the financial side. Relative to the value proposition for Medicare Advantage to MA, we continue to believe we will have a significant value proposition. And really for a number of reasons. First, just the economics itself, I mean, today, we see about $2,400 a year. You see that stepping back a little bit for 2025 as a result of the benefit changes, but not material to make it something that we feel shopping to the Medicare fee-for-service side will increase. .
 The second thing is that all the benefits that they receive as a result of care coordination, things like transportation, other things like dental that they wouldn't get in a Medicare fee-for-service product. And so we just see not only the dollar value from an actuarial point of view, but also the inherent additional benefits that they receive as a result of being a Medicare Advantage beneficiary. So we see that continuing to be the case. 
 We've done a significant amount of analysis around where the value proposition is today, where it was 3, 4 years ago. And what we see is that the value proposition still will be greater than it was 3 or 4 years ago, a little lesser than today, but we feel confident that we'll see the growth there. With that, do you want to -- Susan, do you want to take the Medicare supplement question? 
Susan Diamond: Yes. On MedSup, interestingly enough, the change health care disruption was particularly disruptive to our MedSup business. And so I don't know if that's a function of just CMS not working with providers for redirection versus the MA plans, I'm not sure, but we did see a disproportionate impact to MedSup. And so I would say that our current visibility is a little bit less than it would typically be. .
 Otherwise, I would say the IRA impacts for 2025 will impact Part D, as you said. And we will see varying degrees of impact across the plan -- the stand-alone Part D plans, just recognizing the underlying mix is different for each of those plans. And so to your point, those who are in MedSup are also having to purchase a stand-alone Part D plan. And so that's certainly should give them a different perspective in terms of as they evaluate the value proposition of MA, and we'll act as a bit of a mitigant in terms of what we see the impact to the MA plan offerings themselves. 
Bruce Broussard: And Scott, I think your other question was just relative to the growth of Medicare Advantage and just how that looks. And we continue to see and believe over the coming years that it will be a mid-single-digit growth, and that will be a combination of demographic growth, maybe slowing a little bit in the latter years of this decade, but we continue to see that along with the penetration of more beneficiaries using Medicare Advantage. 
 Kaiser put out an estimate over the next few years that there will be about a 60% penetration with MA and we continue to believe that's very achievable going forward. So we feel the value proposition is going to continue to be strong as a result of not only the actuarial value, but also the additional benefits. We continue to believe that that's going to drive more penetration of Medicare Advantage for Medicare beneficiaries overall. And so we look at continuing to maintain mid- to single-digit growth. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research. 
Joshua Raskin: Just getting back to the 3%, I guess, how did you come to this long-term industry margin of 3% plus? What does that mean for Humana relative to the industry? And what do you think that translates into in some form of like return on invested capital? 
 And then just a follow-up on the exits. I'm just curious what percentage of your membership is in areas that are even being considered for market exits. I'm not looking for a specific estimate of how many members you'll lose, but just a sense of how many markets are even in that bucket of consideration? 
Susan Diamond: Josh, so as we think about the 3%, and as Justin had asked earlier, that even historically had been -- how the business has been performing and expectation that we would be able to continue to maintain that level of performance and believe that the industry will minimally require that level of margin, just recognizing the inherent sort of risk in the insurance business the regulatory capital that has to be established. But that just feels like an appropriate margin on a sustainable basis and certainly reasonable and still be able to provide a very strong value proposition to consumers. .
 Also, as you look at the long-term targets that most of the national peers have talked to, it is in the 3% to 5% range. And as we said earlier, there are some differences in what's included in those numbers across the peer set. But certainly, everything that we have seen and believe and others, I think, have reiterated is, I believe that the long-term margin is down. We just have some environment to navigate in the near midterm to get back to that and have all of the health plans reflect not only the funding environment, but then the more -- the higher more recent trends that we've experienced. 
 In terms -- and then I would say, in terms of return on invested capital, because that, again, is similar to what we've historically or more recently performed, I would say no material things that how we would think about the expected returns for the business. 
 In terms of market exits, again, just given the sensitivity on -- we haven't commented specifically on either number of plans, as you said or percentage of eligible covered and we'd feel more comfortable sharing more information on that post bid filing. And certainly, we're happy to do that as we have in the past and we have executed larger-scale plan exits. Just don't feel comfortable doing that in advance of the bids being submitted for competitive reasons. 
Bruce Broussard: And just on the return on capital, Josh, as you look at the math, we put about 10% statutory capital in the business, and this is a 3% margin kind of activity, which creates a significant amount of incremental return on capital for us. And since all this is organic growth and not any kind of acquisition growth. I mean it's highly accretive to the overall cost of capital to the company. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. 
Nathan Rich: I have a few follow-ups. I guess, first on utilization, there's some thought that some of the March trend could be related to calendar dynamics around Easter versus more sustained change in the trend. I guess, could you maybe just give us your view here? 
 And then also be curious if you're seeing any changes in the level of acuity of patients that are showing up for care. And then Susan, could you maybe talk about what's driving the EPS seasonality this year? I think you've guided for over 80% of earnings in the first half of the year. Is it mainly the result of that expense timing that you mentioned in response to A.J.'s question? Or is there any other dynamic that we should consider? 
Susan Diamond: Yes, Nathan, in terms of the first quarter and utilization seasonality, I would say, common, this is leap year. So all of things being equal, you would have had a higher trend in February because of leap year. But then there was other workday seasonality over the quarter such that we would say, in total, there's really not a seasonality impact and relatively consistent with the prior year. And those are all things we would have anticipated in our initial plan and then the guidance we gave for the first quarter. .
 In terms of acuity, I would say aside from just again, the impact of the utilization management changes, where we always anticipated that effectively lower severity short-stay events would end up moving into the inpatient cost category versus the previous observation, which we reported ER. So that, we certainly are seeing, as I said, we need some additional time to see how the unit cost ultimately develops. 
 Some of the early indicators do suggest those are on average lower unit cost, which makes sense, but we need, again, because of the change disruption, just some more time to fully evaluate that. But aside from that, I would say, again, limited visibility because of some of the disruption to the more recent periods in terms of claims submissions. But with what we do have, I'd say nothing that has caused us any concern from an acuity standpoint. 
 In terms of EPS seasonality, I would say the biggest driver of the differences you see every year and the disproportionate first half proportion is going to be just, in general, the lower proportionate contribution of the MA insurance business to the total than prior years. And so you're going to have PPD, which is disproportionately first half of the year, obviously impacting the first quarter, investment income and all those other things that are developing as they would in normal course, are just going to result in more earnings in the first half of the year just because MA proportionally is much lower, obviously, given the overall EPS and earnings expectation for the year. 
 Admin certainly has some seasonality to it, but I would say nothing unusual as we think about the year. The only thing that we did see because of the lower enrollment this year, you do see some positive impact in commissions. That is partly what we're seeing in the first quarter. And so that, based on the level of growth we would expect could develop a little bit differently. Again, those are things we will plan for. But aside from that, I see nothing in particular to call out in terms of admin seasonality relative to typical. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Andrew Mok with Barclays. 
Andrew Mok: You revised your individual MA membership growth target up 50,000 versus your initial expectations of growth for 100,000. Hoping you could elaborate on the drivers of that. Was that just conservatism on your end? Or did you see any unexpected changes in the distribution channel during the open enrollment period that resulted in higher membership. 
Bruce Broussard: I would say the main difference is just how we performed in OEP. And I think that's a combination of a few things. I think it's some of our competitors having challenges in servicing their growth has been a benefit to us, and we've seen some recovery from that. 
 And the second thing is the actual performance that we've had in the nonduals area and the ability for us to continue to grow in markets that we have -- that are both competitive. 
 The third thing I would say is that what we've seen even in times that we are less competitive in the marketplace that our brand stands out and the stability of our brand, both from our service point of view and from our quality point of view, overcomes a lot of the benefit differences that we have in the marketplace. And I think in the OEP side, we saw that. 
Susan Diamond: Yes. And just to add to what Bruce said, the increase was largely attributable to non-D-SNP sales, retention in total was largely in line. We saw in the OEP higher volume than we had expected, both in agents and switchers from other MA. And so as we think about the rest of the year, some of that agent favorability drove the increase. The switcher is obviously less so once the OEP ends. .
 And then as we've said, the progression from current to the year-end is also impacted by the redeterminations that will continue throughout the rest of the year. There's a little bit of less visibility into that because of the changed healthcare issue where we rely on them for dual eligible status verification. So we'll continue to see how that develops. But that's why you can see the full OEP, not fully run rating through the end of your estimate. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. 
Lance Wilkes: Could you talk a little bit with the CEO transition as to Jim, what your impressions of the opportunities are? Are there any value creation opportunities that maybe are more structural or larger in scale, like outsourcing PBM or things like that? And have you guys made any sorts of operational changes in leadership or structure, again, contemplating both the market dynamics and the CEO transition? 
James Rechtin: Thanks for the question. This is Jim. No, there are not any changes to the team. So let me hit that one real quick. Second, are there opportunities? We're still in the process of evaluating opportunities. We certainly believe that there will be a continued need to drive efficiency. That's both on the operating side as well as continuing to get stronger in how we do medical cost management over time. We're still evaluating those opportunities. And the expectation is that by the end of the year, we would have more to say about where exactly the opportunities are and how we intend to go after them over time. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. 
Lisa Gill: Susan, I want to go back to your comments around the PDP and the IRA for 2025. Can you talk about what you've seen for conversion over to MA in '24? And then how are you thinking about stand-alone PDP in 2025? Will that become unprofitable on a stand-alone basis? And then just secondly, I just want to understand, when you talk about the update for the bid strategy, will it be a separate press release? Or are we waiting for Q2 to get that update? 
Susan Diamond: Yes. So in terms of the IRA impacts and our thinking on stand-alone Part D, your first question around PDP conversions, I would say we continue to see a disproportionate opportunity to capture movement from Humana PDP members to Humana MA. For those members that choose to convert to MA, and we have visibility, right, in terms of any MA offering they choose. We tend to get a higher market share of those individuals that are making that decision than we do in just the overall individual MA space. So that continues to be very positive. 
 The absolute volume is somewhat lower just because of the overall lower membership growth that we're seeing this year, but that sort of advantage continues to hold as we've seen in the past. As we think about our stand-alone Part D strategy for '25, I would say we're very oriented to risk mitigation, just given the magnitude of the changes and the sensitivity that you will have in terms of the profitability of underlying membership based on sort of the level of utilization and specialty utilizers in particular. Given how our plans are positioned today and the limitation of only having 3 plans, which we have in market today, our goal will be to minimize sort of any risk inherent in our offerings and take probably a more cautious approach to see how the industry ultimately responds to the IRA changes, how the business, the health plan performs in light of those changes and then reassess frankly, for 2026. 
 As we suggested, it is -- we will see some larger premium increases for sure on some Part D plans, while others may have less so depending on their mix. And so that could drive some opportunity, as we said, for MA, and that's something we'll continue to evaluate. So that's how we're thinking about 2025, just given the level of changes and I'd say a lot for the industry to learn as we navigate through it. And I can't remember if there was one final question at the end that I didn't address. Did I cover everything? 
Lisa Gill: Just, will it be a separate press release around your bid strategy? Or is that something that you'll update on Q2? 
Susan Diamond: Yes. I would imagine we will likely do that on the second quarter call. I don't know if we're scheduled at any conferences in between. My guess is, no. But my guess is it would be the second quarter call. 
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you for your time and interest today. In closing, I would reiterate that Humana had a solid start to 2024. And while we acknowledge that the entire MA industry is navigating a difficult near-term environment, we continue to believe the strong fundamentals and growth outlook of MA and value-based care remain intact and the strength and scale of our platform and differentiated capabilities will allow us to effectively manage through the uncertainty, compete effectively and deliver compelling shareholder returns over the long term.
 We appreciate your continued support and look forward to providing updates on our performance and outlook throughout the year. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Humana's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you and good morning. I hope everyone had a chance to review our press release and prepared remarks this morning, both of which are available on our website. We will begin today with brief remarks from Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Rechtin, Humana's President and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our fourth quarter 2023 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's financial press release. Any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. Finally, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. We are going to dedicate the majority of our time today to Q&A, but I wanted to first highlight a few key messages that we hope you'll take away from our discussion today. As shared in our prepared remarks which we posted this morning along with our earnings release, I'd like to start by stating the obvious. We are disappointed in the update provided today. The Medicare Advantage sector is navigating a complex and dynamic period of change as we are all working through significant regulatory changes, while also absorbing unprecedented increases in medical cost trends. The increase in utilization that emerged late in the fourth quarter was a significant deviation from an already elevated level impacting the industry. We take our commitments seriously and are disappointed with where we are, unable to fully offset these higher cost trends despite our best efforts to identify mitigation opportunities throughout the year. While the near-term impacts of the higher utilization are disappointing, our confidence in the long-term attractiveness of this sector and our position within has not changed. We provided you with our initial outlook for 2024 of approximately $16 in adjusted EPS. Given the recency and magnitude of the uptick in the utilization trend, we have prudently assumed that the higher costs seen in the fourth quarter persists throughout 2024. As based on our review of our initial claims data, we believe that the seasonal factors are not driving the increase. We are committed to updating you on our progress in understanding and addressing this change throughout the year. Importantly, the MA program was designed to be dynamic and respond to changes in medical trends. Looking to 2025, we are evaluating MA pricing actions and expect earnings growth in other lines of business, as well as our ongoing productivity and trend mitigation initiatives to quickly restore our margins and resume a path of compelling earnings growth. Our current expectation is to deliver $6 to $10 of adjusted EPS growth in 2025. Notably, any outperformance we achieve in 2024 will be additive to this initial outlook. Before turning to Q&A, I'd like to provide Jim Rechtin, our president and COO, an opportunity to provide a few comments on our update this morning. Jim?
James Rechtin: Thanks Bruce. I am stepping into this role here at Humana at a time that is clearly challenging both for Humana and for the industry. Despite those challenges, it's been a very positive first few weeks. I've had the opportunity to work with a team that's quite focused, that has clarity of thought and objectives and no shortage of effort trying to address these challenges. Despite the pressures we're facing right now, I remain as optimistic about this opportunity today as I was three months ago when I agreed to step into this role. It's early in my tenure, but I do want to share just a few thoughts with the investment community. I have been impressed by the leadership demonstrated by this team. There's a clear sense of urgency in responding to the utilization trends impacting the industry. The entire management team has been working tirelessly to understand the underlying issues that we've discussed today, and I'm confident in the approach that the team has taken with respect to assumptions around the utilization pressures we are facing. I also share the conviction of the rest of the management team regarding the need to prioritize margin recovery in 2025 and the significant multiyear opportunity that is in front of us. We operate in one of the fastest growing sectors in healthcare. Humana is uniquely positioned to bring significant value to our members, and I'm confident in our ability to drive long-term value for the healthcare system and for our shareholders. I look forward to meeting many of the participants on this call over the coming months, as well as many of our talented employees and associates across the organization. Thanks.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, Jim. We will now turn to our question-and-answer session where Bruce will be joined by Susan Diamond, our Chief Financial Officer. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, great, thanks. I guess I wanted to understand the thought process around the 2025 EPS improvement. It sounds like from Jim's comments that you're going to be prioritizing margin that year. Do you think that this is an industry problem and therefore the industry will be prioritizing margin similarly, so that you will actually be growing in 2025 or is this a view that you're going to be growing below average in 2025 to get to that? And because you're talking about feeling confident about the business, should we be thinking about similar growth in 2026 and 2027 until you get to that $37 EPS number, maybe on a two-year lag? Is that the right way of thinking about it or is there a reason to believe that that margin target you had for $37 is no longer the right margin target in the medium term? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Kevin, why don't I take the industry side and then I'll turn to Susan on the margin question you had. I looked at next year as a year that I think the whole industry will possibly reprice. I don't know how the industry can take this kind of increase in utilization along with regulatory changes that will continue to persist in 2025 and 2026. And therefore, I look to the industry to have disciplined pricing as a result of this. Obviously, for us as an organization, over the last few years, we have tried to maintain that discipline. You can see that in just our rankings and pricing. We've usually been in the third to fourth ranking, and so we've tried to maintain that. But I do believe the industry will need to price appropriately.
Susan Diamond: Yes, and Kevin, as we thought about the commitment for 2025, certainly there are inherent dependencies within that. One is the rate notice, which we obviously don't have visibility to and so that will be one significant input, which is why we felt the need to give a wider range at this stage. The other big dependency is going to be, just as you said, the level of competitor action and need to take pricing as well. And so that we will continue to watch peer commentary in terms of their results and signals that they send, but that is something that we will have to consider based on the pricing action we ultimately take of what impact might that have to near-term membership growth. As we've said a couple of times over the course of the year, we do intend to be very targeted in some of our pricing action. There are some plans and geographies that are seeing more underperformance than others and so you may see disproportionate impact in those areas to both the recovery, but then also the membership, which we feel are no regret moves to make sure that the financial performance is as we would expect. So 2025 may be a repositioning year, where we may see lower than industry average growth depending on the level of competitor pricing actions, but we would feel that we would be repositioning for sustainable growth on a go forward basis in terms of membership at a more sustainable margin over the long-term. As it reflects 2026 and 2027, obviously we can't comment on that at this point. We wanted to be clear, given the significance of the impact of 2024, what you can expect for 2025. We've committed to coming out later this year once you have the benefit of going through all of our pricing work and providing you with an update on that, as well as certainly we'll keep you informed of the emerging trends, but we'll certainly need to navigate through that. And as we learn more over the course of the year, we'll certainly begin thinking about the longer term and we'll keep you informed for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. So, to Kevin's point and kind of your answer, it's clear whatever you do from a membership perspective is going to be kind of dependent on what your peers do. I'm more interested in trying to understand, I mean, by my estimation, give or take, you're probably slightly better than breakeven. They call it 0% to 1% margins in Medicare Advantage is implied in your guidance for 2024. Correct me if I'm wrong, but from there it looks like that $6 to $10 would be an additional 1%, maybe 1.5%, which then comes down to cutting benefits about $10 to $15. Again, correct me if my math is wrong here. I guess the question is, how do we arrive at that number? I look back over the last six or seven years when things were good and senior soar benefits increased by $20 a year, it looks like. And then when we see what feels like 100-year storm, why is $13 to $15 the most we can put through? Why not try to get back to a target margin or closer to a target margin and assume your -- if it's not company specific, assume that the industry is going to follow, and if they don't, so be it?
Susan Diamond: Hey Justin, yes and those are all fair questions. And I would say directionally numbers, mathematically you're right. So 2024, what you're estimating for the margin is, is certainly directionally correct. As for the $6 to $10, one thing that's important to keep in mind, that is what we're committing to in terms of earnings and EPS improvement next year. That would be on top of whatever rating action might need to be taken for the rate book itself. And right now we are assuming that the 2025 rate notice will look similar to 2024 in that it will be negative given we have another one third of the v28 model implementation. So our assumption in all of this is that we will have some further pricing action to take to address just the 2025 rates and the fact that they will be insufficient to cover normal course trend, so that would be additive. To the degree the rate notice is different and positive, then that could change our ability to extract more. But as we said, we need the benefit of the rate notice to fully assess that and are making what we think are reasonable assumptions at this stage. The other thing to keep in mind is with a third of our book risk provider supported, while we will certainly take benefit actions across that book as well, it leads to minimal impact to our earnings. And so the $6 to $10 you can think of is really having to be realized over roughly two thirds of the book. So it does translate into a higher benefit reduction than your math would suggest. And then I do think it's important to just remind everyone about our commentary this morning that to the degree 2024 does in fact get better, we would expect that to be additive to that $6 to $10 going into next year, because we do intend to price assuming this trend persists. And so if we see positive development over the course of the year, that would be additive and you would see further appreciation. And just given again, as Bruce said, the recency of these trends, we just are going to need some more time to fully assess that and the likelihood that they will persist for that period of time. But our intention is to be very diligent about restoring margin, and this is our best estimate at this time based on what we know with what we think are reasonable assumptions.
Bruce Broussard: And just on that, Justin, what we are trying to do is be thoughtful around the profitability of the company, and we are committed to getting to restoring our margin, I want to say that. How? If we do, we do that in one year or do we do that in multiple years, is something that we're really addressing. As we've looked at the price elasticity of our members, we're really also trying to figure out where does it just fall off the cliff as opposed to losing some members or not growing as much. So we are committed to pushing, ensuring that we are going to move the margin, and at the same time, we just don't want to fall off the cliff and lose hundreds of thousands of members as a result of that. So it is just a question of timing as opposed to a question of trajectory.
Justin Lake: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Yes, hi. Thank you. So, just another quick one on the magnitude of improvement in 2025 and I think when we looked at what your earnings trajectory was, maybe stepping back a couple of months ago, we would have already thought that you were going to improve earnings around $6 in 2025. So it's a little hard to feel like the incremental actions you're taking related to pricing, honestly are really all that material. So we'd love to just get a little bit more color on that? And then just also, your approach to operating expenses in 2024 and 2025, it does look like you have SG&A up $700 million in 2024. I guess I thought there might have been maybe more actions you could take to try to protect earnings in the short-term as you work to reprice. I'd love to just understand that a little better. Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi Steve, sure. So I'll take the operating question. I might need you to clarify your first question on pricing, but on the operating expense, yes. As you saw, and as we've been describing all year, as we saw the initially higher outpatient trends starting in the second quarter, we were able to successfully mitigate that pressure that we stepped up to through the third quarter through multiple levers, including administrative cost reductions. And you saw that in the operating cost ratio we reported for 2023, which was certainly favorable relative to the commitment we've made for 20 basis points of annual improvement. We certainly continue to work very hard to identify additional opportunities, and our 2024 guide reflects about 30 basis points improvement versus the 20 commitment. So demonstrating, again, continuing to use that as a way to mitigate some of these trends. We do think there is additional opportunity, particularly leveraging technology, AI, and some other tools. But we recognize they probably have longer timelines to get the full value realization, and so we will continue to build the pipeline. And you should expect us, I think, to see better than the 20 basis point commitment over the next number of years and we'll certainly work hard over the course of the year to see what potential we have through 2024 and 2025. On the pricing question, would you mind restating that just to make sure I understand what you're comparing to?
Stephen Baxter: Yes, like I would have thought you would have two or three months ago been going from $31 of earnings to $37 of earnings, so already kind of delivering $6 of incremental earnings. So comparing that trajectory to the trajectory now, you're talking about kind of an incremental 0 to 4. That perspective is kind of what I'm trying to get at is why couldn't you do more quickly to kind of accelerate the trajectory?
Susan Diamond: Yes, so I think obviously what we're dealing with is this higher trend, which is significant. And so when you think about over the course of 2023 since the time of pricing, it's about $3 billion of additional trend that's emerged that we're having to absorb in 2024. And again, our assumption right now is that will continue and will have to be absorbed in our 2025 pricing. And so that is where we will certainly take as much pricing action as we can. We will have to see the right environment, but there is a limit to what you can do in one year. And with that level of trend, which was never contemplated in the $31, there's only so much margin expansion you can get once you actually cover the trend. Now, over the long-term, as Bruce alluded to, there are inherent mechanisms where it will work its way into the rates. It takes a little bit longer for the benchmarks to reflect the higher rates. So that is certainly something we'll see in the future. And to the degree any of this is attributable to higher acuity or condition development, et cetera, we should see that in risk adjustment over time as well. Those are all things that will take more time to assess and we'll certainly consider. But for right now, with our assumptions for 2025 and the timeline, we'll have to cover the trend and then again do as much as we can on the margin expansion as we committed to today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Yep. Good morning. Just thinking about the competitive environment, obviously it appears very challenging and Humana seems to focus on profitability versus growth. But in the scenario that I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks Bruce that you hope that your peers would also price for 2025 given the challenging utilization environment. But if they don't and the environment stays like this, how do you view growth versus margin over the long-term? And would you mean to prioritize profit and be willing to grow below market or do you think you can eventually grow within the market again if the competitive environment doesn't change?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, well, I think it's a big assumption that competitive environment doesn't change and I'll answer your question specifically. But I do want to just reemphasize that what we have seen over the years, and we saw it in 2022, we saw it this year, that there is one, or usually one, maybe two that gets really aggressive and then they fall away the following year. And we've that over a long period of time. And as you look at our growth over an extended period of time, you will see these volatilities year-to-year. But that's really not a result of our pricing. It's more a result of the industry pricing. We usually have been fairly considerate in our pricing in the industry and have not been as aggressive as competitors and there will be one or another one that comes there. We don't think that is sustainable. We just don't. We see the business as being much tougher as a result of regulatory environment. We see that things like what we saw this year relative to utilization, getting back to above COVID levels, we just see it not being as easy to price to membership growth. I will say that from our vantage point is that as similar to what we did in Part D, is that we'll continue to focus on what is the sustainable, profitable and the appropriate profitability within the industry and we will price towards that. And use our brand and our relationships with our value based providers, our quality scores and other mechanisms to compete. But we do not feel that pricing is how you compete. You price to be economically solid and you price to provide value to your customer, but at the end of the day, we don't look at that as a competitive advantage. We look at our capabilities as a competitive advantage and we'll continue to focus on the capability and the differentiation in our capabilities.
Ann Hynes: Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of AJ Rice with UBS.
AJ Rice: Hi everyone. Just trying to get at two things here. Your comment about inpatient utilization, I think up to this point in the commentary you attributed a lot of the higher inpatient utilization you were seeing to that cohort, the growth cohort of 2023. It sounds like maybe that's broadened on what are you just seeing late in the fourth quarter? What are you seeing seasonally that makes you think that continues? And by the way, did you keep a lot of those 2023 cohorts, or is that where we're seeing some of the growth, at least in one of the competitors, that those people transitioned away from you? And if I could just ask, in a normal environment where an MA carrier has priced below trends, the natural result has tended to be that you get very strong enrollment. We're not seeing it this time, and I wonder conceptually how you put that in context, the fact that you're saying you're underpriced for the 2024 trend you're dealing with, whereas that usually results in big enrollment growth, your enrollment expectations for 2024 are quite modest. How do we put that in perspective?
Susan Diamond: Hey AJ, sure, I can answer that. So on the first related inpatient, you are correct. When we cited some of the inpatient pressure that we were seeing earlier in the year, we attributed that to the fact that we had a lot of new enrollment growth and have limited information from which to predict the level of medical cost utilization. So risk scores is one example. And we were seeing that relative to our expectations, the medical costs were slightly higher than we would have expected based on what the [indiscernible] indicated. So you are correct about that. I would say what we saw in the fourth quarter is completely unrelated and different than that, and very much more widespread, and particularly for the months of November and December. And what we've seen so far is an increase in short stay inpatient authorizations in particular. They are being upheld through our utilization management processes at a higher rate than you would typically expect as well. And given that the positive seasonality you would typically see in the months of November and December, it was that much more surprising. The absolute level of authorizations was up relative to what you would have expected for all those dynamics. Coincidentally, and while the data is still very early, as you know, on non-inpatient we're reliant on the paid claims to get some visibility. We are seeing indications that starting in November, we are also seeing a decline in observation stays. So that's something we will continue to analyze and understand better. But quite frankly, we are going to need more time, more claim development to fully understand the underlying sort of admission, diagnosis codes and other things to fully assess the nature of the uptick in inpatients and corresponding decline in observations and understand if they're in any way related, and then how we think about that again on a go forward basis. In terms of retention mix, I would say a little bit too early for us to fully assess that and look at, we've looked at the AEP enrollment data, I would say from what the team has looked at so far, nothing of concern in terms of the retention mix versus those members who disenrolled. But generally I would say given the benefit reductions we did make in 2024, I would certainly expect individuals who have an intent to highly utilize those benefits were probably ones that were looking at what other options might be available. And to the degree another plan maintained a richer level of benefit, certainly would expect that that was someplace we would see higher disenrollment. To your question about 2024, so I would say it a little bit differently. While certainly this trend was not fully contemplated in our pricing, I think the entire industry would agree with that statement. All of us saw unexpected trend after we filed our bids. We, in spite of that though, did make more benefit adjustments than the industry. And so if you remember, we talked earlier in the year that when you look at the changes made, we did make a higher level of benefit adjustments than others and in some cases we were very surprised to see actual net incremental investment in 2024 despite the stars and v28 and other headwinds that they were dealing with. So we don't feel like this is an issue in terms of underpricing, it's just the occurrence of higher than expected trend late in the year, unfortunately, after benefits were filed, and again, a lot to learn in terms of the persistency of that not only through 2024, but 2025 that we will continue to evaluate as we do all of our 2025 pricing. But based on everything we know now, our intent would be to assume those trends persist and make sure it's covered in our 2025 pricing.
AJ Rice: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: Hey, thank you very much. I just want to get back to one more question on the $6 to $10 for 2025. I appreciate your comments on the overly competitive environment and difficulty in forecasting how actors scale that down in the future. But if you could comment on, is there a level or a range of kind of headwind attrition that you are assuming in that $6 to $10? And if so, what are you expecting kind of margin versus attrition to kind of offset by attrition to kind of get you to that range?
Susan Diamond: Yes, Ben. So we won't comment specifically, obviously on expected membership growth at this stage, but just direction can tell you that in the range of scenarios the team has reviewed and one of the reasons why it's a larger range as well, as I said earlier is, there's got to be an assumption around membership impact based on our changes as well as those of others across the industry. And so you can think of that range accommodates less optimistic and more optimistic range with the less optimistic, assuming we do lose not a small number of members, so hundreds of thousands of members would be contemplating that low end of the range. Some of that is going to depend on, as I said earlier, as we look at certain counties and plans, whether or not we think there is a path to the profitability levels we would expect, and there may be some cases where at this time we feel that's not true, where we might see disproportionate impact. You might remember years ago we used to actually disclose sort of plan exits and how much impact there was to our membership growth. It's going to be akin to that where if we do ultimately determine we need to exit counties or plans, we will probably disclose that discreetly in terms of the impact. And I said you can consider that sort of no regret moves as a way to restore margins. But our hope would be that we can find solutions to that and may need to moderate benefits and still provide a compelling value proposition. But recognize some areas will have disproportionate cuts which will have disproportionate impact to membership. And certainly as we go through the bid process and share updates with you later this year, can give you an updated perspective on where in that range we might be, depending on what we continue to learn.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I can.
Nathan Rich: Oh, great. Thanks for the questions. I think following up on AJ's question, Susan you kind of talked about still evaluating some of the drivers of utilization as it relates to 2024. Just maybe could you talk about what you're looking at specifically? I guess, do you expect those dynamics you mentioned around the nature of hospital stays to continue? And are there any early data points on January that would suggest the higher trend that you saw kind of emerge late in for Q isn't seasonal? And then just as a clarification, you talked about restoring margins longer term, I guess is your view of long-term margins for the individual MA business changed just given the backdrop that the industry faces? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hey Nathan, sure. So in terms of the utilization drivers, as I said earlier, they are definitely shorter stay events. We have looked very closely at the respiratory data, and as we said in our commentary, based on all the information we have, it is not respiratory-driven. As you guys might remember, we called out COVID in our third quarter call that we saw it. And if you remember at that time, we hadn't anticipated in the third quarter in our original thinking, but had it in the fourth quarter. And if you recall, what we said is despite the fact that it peaked in the third quarter and may come down, we left it in our fourth quarter forecast. And so as we look at the fourth quarter results, while you certainly see an uptick, third quarter to fourth quarter in respiratory, that was something we had anticipated and was actually slightly favorable to what we had expected. We had planned for sort of a five-year average on respiratory and it came in slightly lower. So for us it was not a cause of the variance and the additional utilization is non-respiratory related. For that reason, because we don't have any clear indicators that it is something that you can reasonably assume is seasonal or transitory, we're making the assumption that it will persist throughout 2024. Looking at January data, which is very early, so we only have really some look into the first two weeks. We would say it is continuing to stay at the elevated levels that we saw in the fourth quarter. And again, I wouldn't have expected anything this quickly to change that pattern materially, but it does reinforce that, at least for the near-term, that we can likely expect to see it. Again we will continue to evaluate the more mature claims data to try to get more information about the drivers. One thing we're certainly looking at is if you remember, there are regulatory changes being implemented January 1 related to utilization management referred to the two-midnight rule. We know there was a lot of activity both on health plans and provider side preparing for that and so that is one thing well be looking at to see if potentially that has any underlying cause related to some of what we're seeing based on what we had expected for 2024 In terms of the long-term margin outlook, I would say, we had -- if you remember at Investor Day, we had really moved away from setting a specific target for individual MA, recognizing that we will work very hard to maximize the margin contribution across the enterprise, which becomes increasingly important as we continue to expand and scale the CenterWell capabilities and so we remain very focused on that. We will certainly expect, as we said, to restore margin to a reasonable level within the health plan over a relatively short period of time, but you will hear us continue to emphasize the opportunity to expand enterprise margin over just discreetly focusing on the health [indiscernible] growth consistently going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Continuing on the last one regarding utilization, I guess in your scenario analysis, Susan, to what extent are you taking into account the possibility that utilization could go higher again from here or what kind of boundaries or historical norms could you frame for us to judge the likelihood or unlikelihood of that? I'm also wondering, in your pricing model for 2024, to what extent did Humana reduce benefits to offset the risk model change in pricing versus, how much of that did you -- were you willing to absorb in MLR for 2024? And then finally, was there a difference in this utilization between regular community MA and duals? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hey David, yes, Ill take that. So on the utilization, as we thought about 2024, as we said, we have assumed that these higher costs will continue throughout 2024. So think of it as your new baseline. We have then applied what you consider normal course trend on top of that in our estimates. And so this late in the year, we obviously have visibility to CMS rate changes on unit cost and a variety of other specific inputs that are specifically accounted for. You have things like leap year. So all of those things are accounted for, and then embedded in what we consider that normalized trend is an assumption that we will see incremental utilization trend in 2024 on top of this higher baseline. I would say internally that has been the biggest source of debate. And to what degree you will see continued utilization trend on an outlier level of utilization trend in 2023. But again, we wanted to be as prudent as possible in terms of the assumptions we made and the guidance we provided today. And so that has been included in our estimates and something we will continue to watch, but I would say its probably the biggest source of variability. I cant sit here today and say theres no way it can be higher, right? Ill just jinx us if we do so. Well just continue to watch it. But I will say, given the level of utilization weve planned for, it would be, I think, surprising to see something of that magnitude on top of what we saw in 2023. But well have to continue to watch it. As respect to our 2024 pricing, we did obviously have the knowledge about the v28 changes. Theres certainly some estimation you have to make as part of that, because youre having to predict sort of the progression of diagnosis codes into the future. But that was all baked into our 2024 pricing assumptions. And one of the reasons you saw us make actual benefit reductions in 2024, because with that adjustment, the reimbursement was going to be insufficient to cover the annual trend. And so that is one of the reasons you saw that. In terms of duals versus non duals, with the pressure weve seen this year, I would say the more recent pressure  earlier in the year, I would say less on the duals D-SNPs than non. But I would say some of this inpatient pressure we are seeing more broadly and maybe even a little bit more on the D-SNPs versus non- D-SNPs. But again, theres a lot more run-out well need to see, particularly on the non-inpatient side, to ultimately do some of those both plan level and member level cohorts to understand exactly how the plans and cohorts are being impacted.
David Windley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Actually, first part just might be helpful to tack on to Daves question. Can you actually share with us what youve -- what youre estimating, Medicare or MA, a sort of underlying medical cost trend was in 2023 and then what youre predicting it to be for 2024? And then sort of the other sort of question I want to ask you is just back on the competition discussion. Hopefully you can be a little transparent here and how you see how extensive this competition is right now in the market. I think theres a lot of focus on one large competitor whos sort of taking all the market share in the industry and 2024, wondering sort of when you think about that intense competition, how much of it is that one large competitor? Or how much more broad based is this beyond just that one competitor? Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Scott, Ill take the competitor side and then let Susan take your other question. Obviously, this year its one large competitor. As you look at our sales and where we are compared to all the competitors, weve finished second behind the larger competitor, but a very distant second. And as I mentioned before, Scott, and youve seen it over the years, we do see this behavior that theres one that sort of stands out and takes share for the inappropriate reasons around price. There are smaller players in the marketplace that maybe impact us in one market or another. But I wouldnt get overly upset about those. We see those come and go. We just see one this year. And we suspect that for all the reasons that weve discussed this morning, that player will readjust in 2025.
Susan Diamond: And then, Scott, with respect to your trend question, so we have not historically shared absolutely trend percentages. The one thing I will comment on, just because we have provided a commentary throughout the year. We said earlier in the year, as we were watching the non-inpatient and the outpatient in particular, we mentioned that we were seeing high single-digit trends throughout the year. I will say once we got to the final full year numbers, we are slightly above in the double-digit range, unfortunately. So that continued, as we said, to be high and sequentially uptick. And so that I can be a little bit more specific in the commentary. I would say in the aggregate, though, what I would say is, I would think about it. By looking at our MLR, you can assume that the majority of our MLR variance is obviously attributed to the higher trend. And so you saw obviously in the fourth quarter, 190 basis point missed in the quarter and the translation of that to the full year. And then as you saw in our guide this morning, you can see the 200 basis point year-over-year increase in MLR, which you can use to sort of get a rough estimate of how much the trend increased as thats the main driver of that change.
Scott Fidel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes, good morning. Can you guys hear me okay?
Bruce Broussard: We can.
George Hill: Okay. I guess, Bruce, I kind of want to step back and ask you a couple of questions around margin. And I guess I dont know if you guys are able to comment to the margin profile that you guys expect to price to for 2025. And then I would also ask kind of from here going forward, what do you think is the weight margin profile for the MA plan business? And how is this impacted by whether or not your competitors, you think, want to subsidize the other parts of their business where they monetize beneficiaries either in care delivery or in pharmacy versus monetizing the members at the plan level? Just to kind of be very interested in kind of how youre thinking about plan margin versus what I would call the total value of the beneficiaries?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, just on the margin side, I dont want to get into a specific number, maybe a little more of philosophy, but we do want to restore margins where they are profitable and contributing to our business in the proper fashion. And I would say historically that you can pick the years that youve seen that. But we do continue to reemphasize the enterprise earnings as an organization. And we look at the value that we provide across the organization not only to our shareholders, but also to the individuals we serve. And we do find that the growth and the scalability and the integration of CenterWell offers us that opportunity to continue to expand not only our services that we find are much more effective in clinical outcomes and satisfaction, but also the ability to continue to drive better and better value for the enterprise overall. How those get repriced into the actual product itself, well look at, but we really make two separate decisions there. One decision around is this the right, both competitive and profit profile that we look into the plan? And then in addition, we also look at is this the right value that we provide on the CenterWell side and look at that. For our competitors and their pricing and getting subsidized, Im not seeing probably  right now Im not seeing a significant change there. Im seeing much more, because theres some in-sourcing thats going on. But I would say that the material orientation is more around market share gain and membership growth, and really using the plan for that. So, we dont see a disadvantage in the markets that were competing in, that are pricing as a result of something thats happening as a result of subsidization. We really view the ability to continue to drive the membership growth in the total value of what we offer, and thats around our brand, our quality and in addition the relationships that we have with value-based providers and feel that that will carry the day for the foreseeable future.
George Hill: Bruce, maybe just a real quick
Bruce Broussard: Go ahead.
George Hill: Susan, just maybe then the really quick follow up would be just, how do you guys think about enterprise margin? And how should investors think about enterprise margin versus plan level margin?
Susan Diamond: Yes, and so just real quick on your specific question on the 2024, Justin, made the comment earlier about the implied margin in 2024, which you said is directionally correct. So, you can assume that the majority of the EPS improvement weve committed to next year is going to be driven by individual MA. And so you can sort of do that math and get a sense for where well end up after 2024. The other things I would say too is, with the targets, that growth targets across the industry, I would argue that in order to achieve those in the size and scale of these books, youre going to have to expect both progression on the health plan and the services side of the business versus completely bringing down the health plan for the sake of all of the other ancillary benefits. So, I think that youll see progression on both. The other thing I would point out is, as we think about 2025 and the benefit adjustments were going to have to make, we are being very intentional around, which markets do have further integration opportunity and where we have CenterWell assets, particularly primary care. And I think you will see us prioritize those markets to ensure that we can drive disproportionate growth in those markets to a greater degree going forward and support that enterprise integration and margin expansion that weve been talking about. We dont intend to set a specific target in terms of enterprise margin, but rather commit to the long-term sort of EPS growth rate and certainly well provide more clarity on that going forward, recognizing were approaching 2025, after which well have to give you some updated commentary on what you can expect going forward, which we would expect to do later this year.
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I just want to get back to the 2025 range of $22 to $26 per share, and if you view that as a reasonable baseline for what Humana can earn on the current book of business with your current assets, or are you suggesting that there are additional years of growth in EPS above your long-term target behind that? And then I guess more importantly, if that is the baseline that you guys are working on, has the management team and the board thought more about the benefits of even larger scale, of being part of a larger, more diversified entity, and maybe you could talk about what you think the benefits of that would be?
James Rechtin: Josh, I would say that we dont look at the baseline for -- we dont look at 2025 to be the baseline. We look at that there needs to be continued more improvement in that as a result of what we believe as a profitable -- the appropriate profitability for the organization. And as Susan mentioned, we do want to get back to the earnings growth that the organization deserves as a result of the industry were in and in addition, as a result of the total addressable market and the expansion of that. In regards to size and scale, we constantly are asking questions like that strategically. And today, and we feel continuously that our ability to be best-in-class in the industry that we compete in is really where we drive towards. And I think youve seen that in multiple different levels. As mentioned, quality to our relationships with our providers, to just the ability to have an integrated model that serves one population, and we feel that that's a large advantage. We also feel, especially through our productivity efforts that we've had over the last number of years, that our cost structure continues to prove itself out relative to the ability to improve our cost structure through a sustainable model. But I do want to reemphasize the board and the management team constantly has looked at what is in the best interest of the shareholders, and we will continuously do that. And if at some point in time that question becomes a question that we need to take action on, we'll definitely take it, or if it ever comes and is presented to us. But we do believe today being a specialty player in the fastest growing part of the industry is the best value for the shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. Can you talk a little bit about two aspects of the forward looking pricing adjustment? One would be for the pricing assumptions for 2024 and the 200 basis points of increase in MLR. Is that also a 50/50 inpatient driven variance to your prior expectations and half of it not related to that, or is there something different there? And then from the inpatient experience you saw in November, December, can you talk a little bit about for those short stays, are there particular types of members that you're seeing that disproportionately on, and a little bit of why you weren't able to identify this a bit earlier? Is this something that wouldn't naturally have some sort of upfront insights from prior auths or things like that? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hi. Yes, sure. So in terms of the MLR increase in 2024, I would say given the recency and the magnitude of the inpatient trends, which were really  more unexpected in the fourth quarter, if you think about the revision to our forward outlook, I would say it's probably disproportionately inpatient driven, and Lisa and I can certainly follow up and if we will go verify that and then get back to you if there's anything different. But I would say probably more disproportionately inpatient driven, given it was really the last two months of the year, and then have to carry that forward through the entirety, versus the non-inpatient, which we were seeing upticks over the course of the year anyway. And anyway so that's my thinking there. On the November and December, I would say on the inpatient side, again, seeing it more broadly, as we said in the commentary, we are seeing less of that, though, in our Florida HMO market in particular, and we are seeing some differences in the results of our utilization management against this higher trend in different geographies. So that's something we are certainly looking at to see what we can learn from and if there's any additional opportunity more broadly, based on the outcomes we're seeing in the Florida market. In terms of your question of why maybe could we have predicted it, I would say on the inpatient side, as Bruce said earlier, these are really unprecedented levels of trend increase, and I would say the pace at which they changed as well. We do leverage authorization data on the inpatient side. We are actually using that to actually book reserves. Each month we get authorization data for over 99% of the inpatient events that occur. So it is very accurate in predicting and we do receive it in more real time. The non-inpatient is where we are relying on claims and generally relying on at least a 60 day lag to view those claims as credible. So with the December paid claims, much greater visibility to October and prior dates of service. And based on that, I have to make some estimation for November and December, which again, we've assumed those higher trends that we've seen will continue for the duration of the fourth quarter. But we do leverage all the information you can get in real time. It is something we continue to look at, and we've been asked about over the course of the year, whether there's more we -- patient, say surgical as an example. And we do continue to take ground to improve the level of authorization data we get for some of those things as well. It's just not sufficiently high to be credible for purposes of booking claims and estimating that at this time. But I think certainly in light of what we've experienced this year, we're doing a lot of work to assess where there might be opportunities to improve analytic and forecasting models, whether we can leverage interoperability to get some greater visibility into provider utilization, and a number of other things that we will continue to prioritize to make sure that we can continue to improve all of our forecasting work, recognizing it's inherently difficult given the nature of the program.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Leerink Partners.
Whit Mayo: Hey, can you hear me?
Susan Diamond: Yes, Hi Whit.
Whit Mayo: Yes sorry, it went blank for a second. Thanks for the time, Bruce. I'm just curious, looking at your partnerships with the various capitated medical groups that I think you said cover a third of your book know. Obviously we're seeing a lot of challenges in that market. They're feeling this utilization pain. What are the conversations like that you're having there? Any desire that they have in trying to carve out some of the risks they're taking on certain benefits. OTC, Flex cards. Is there any risk that you see that maybe you bring more of that back on your P&L at some point? That could be a headwind. And my other question is I'm just wondering, now that you've shut down the commercial business, is it possible that that's having any impact on your network or rates that could impact your unit costs going forward? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, the latter question I'll answer the majority of our rates are predicated on Medicare rates and therefore it's not that much of a negotiation. There might be a market here or there, that we negotiate rates on in some way, but I would say that Medicare rate really determines our payment mechanism there in the commercial book of business and we were very thoughtful on analyzing that and understanding that and it had no impact relative to our relationships with our providers. And our providers that are taking risk. We do see a number of them having challenges as a result of this. And to be honest with you, we're going to probably see more. We have seen these challenges over the years. We don't feel that's a headwind for us because we'll adjust the benefits and that will flow to them in a positive fashion. And we are seeing a number of our better performing providers really taking v28 and we're assisting them in what they can do to manage through v28 and taking our learnings through the center well and offering that. But I wouldn't consider that to be a headwind for us going forward. But I do feel as we look forward that there will be some challenging times for the less sophisticated ones and that could be an opportunity for us as we think about center well.
Susan Diamond: And what I would say as well, and I had been saying this early in the year and more so now. I do think that as risk providers fully absorb the impact of v28 as well as this higher trend, I imagine that there will be increased discussions and pressure for the industry to appropriately reflect those trends in the benefits. As we said, we cut benefits more than anyone. So I think there may be some other payers having discussions with providers around some frustration over the level of benefit investment. Our primary care organization is having some of those very same conversations and I do think there'll be a push from the provider community as well for discipline and balance given that we have further implementation yet to go with respect to v28. And so I think that will be a positive and hopefully bring the pricing discipline that we're all looking for.
Bruce Broussard: And I think, just building on Susan's comment there, what we do see is in some of the higher risk areas, like Florida for example, we see the value that is offered to be much greater to the member than it is in other areas. And therefore we feel that the adjustment for the particular benefits in those marketplace has much more room than say in the middle part of the country. And so we do see benefit adjustments needed in that marketplace and there is opportunity as we look at the value proposition from a member's point of view.
Whit Mayo: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Cowen.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. I wanted to go back to 2025 just for a moment, to make sure I'm understanding, it looks like the earnings pickup is implying insurance segment margins would improve 100 basis points, maybe a little bit more. And I know the street simplistically assumes you can always just cut benefits to hit your target margin, but the CMS, TBC change thresholds do handcuff you to some degree. So is the right way to think about 2025 is right now you're assuming a negative rate update. I'm sure you're probably assuming some positive cost trend growth in 2025. You'll need to use a portion of your TBC threshold just to solve for that math. And then the 100 basis points implied margin improvement, earnings improvement is really what's left to be recovered after that math. Is that a good way to think about, with due respect for your capitated arrangements as well, is that a right way to think about kind of how much you're delivering to shareholders in terms of margin EPS for 2025?
Susan Diamond: Yes, Gary, so you're thinking about the math, right? And as I said earlier, we are anticipating that the rate notice in 2025 will look similar in terms of impact to 2024 as an initial assumption. If you remember, we cut about on average something close to $13 on average PMPM [ph] in that environment. And so that you can think of as your baseline in terms of just from the rate notice, then what we've committed to from the earnings appreciation. If all of that really came from individual MA, then you can do the math in terms of what the average benefit cut is, which would be incremental to that rate notice. Once you account for risk, Mace, you are really bumping up against that upper bound of what's possible. And that's why it's also important to remember that range also contemplates some level of membership impact as a result of those cuts and that is a huge input as well that we'll continue to refine once you have a better understanding. So I just want to make sure we're leaving everyone with the impression we are taking significant pricing action in order to deliver these results. We will continue to evaluate the trends and to the degree they get better, that provides some more opportunity. We will work hard to optimize within the bids and themselves to make smart decisions such that we maximize the impact and maintain a really compelling value proposition still for consumers on a go forward basis. But we think with a reasonable set of assumptions and the dynamics in play, the six to 10 is really bumping up against what you can do in the absence of something changing between now and when we would submit pricing that we could incorporate.
Bruce Broussard: And Gary, I just want to reemphasize something here that we also are very active in looking at a trend offset and we have a lot of activity going in the organization around that and we are oriented to how can we set a number of these things through both clinical actions and then also just the proper insurance that people are using the healthcare system most efficiently.
Susan Diamond: And Gary, I think that's why, as Josh asked Bruce earlier, we do think it's probably a couple years of recovery to get back to the margin profile just because of the inherent limitations and expectation that the rate environment won't fully cover trend and that has to be addressed as well.
Gary Taylor: Got it, makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: Thank you. I was hoping you could give us more color on your claims clarity. So you made some comments earlier about waiting for more November claims clarity, and that sounds a little bit slower than I typically think of the industry getting 60% of the 30 day claims and 80% of the 60 day claims. So how much clarity do you guys have on November and December? Was there any kind of slowdown this year? And as you think about that going forward, there's some regulatory changes coming around, having to do prior authorization in 72-hours or make decisions in 72-hours. Is there a potential that that could have an impact on your claims clarity when that goes into effect in 2026?
Susan Diamond: Hi Sarah. Sure, I'll try to answer those. So, in terms of claims, as we've always said, we had more visibility real time to inpatient utilization from the authorization data that we receive in more real time. We're dependent on claims data to understand the unit cost of those inpatient events and get more details on some of the underlying admitting condition data and other things to understand the acuity and the level of treatment and intervention. On the non-inpatient side while we do receive authorization data for some of our service categories like outpatient surgical, it is not sufficiently high to be credible, and we've made improvement over the years, but I think it's in the order magnitude, approaching 60% of those events. But we have demonstrated through analysis that is not sufficiently credible to base your claim estimate off of. So we will certainly look at it as an input. But for those categories, we are very much relying on completion factor models based on paid claim progression. I will say we certainly while we don't rely on the most recent 60 day paid claim data, we certainly do look at it. And in fact, for the month of December, we did see very high levels of paid claims for dates of service for December, which would be atypical in light of what we saw. We did step up to an assumption that some of that will result in higher costs. That was primarily in the physician cost category. So we've accounted that for that in our year end estimates, and that's where we'll just have to see, as those claims do more fully mature, how that develops, but did our best to make sure that we were using all of the readily available information to base our year end reserves. On utilization management as you said, there are changes anticipated for 2024. We knew that at the time of pricing. We did have an expectation as a result of those changes that we will see a larger number of inpatient authorizations approved where in the old model they may have been downgraded, say to an ER or observation event, or denied for medical necessity. So we do anticipate a meaningful impact to inpatient utilization trends as a result of that. And that was accounted for in our initial pricing and our initial thinking and targets for 2024. We will have pretty good visibility in near real time to how those utilization management outcomes from the initial assessment are holding up versus our expectations. The piece I will say will take a little bit longer to assess is do we see any subsequent change in provider appeals or ultimate uphold rates? Those will take a little bit more time. Again, we've used our best judgment and data to make some assumptions about that, but that I will say will take probably throughout the first half of the year to understand if there are any unanticipated changes to those appeal and ultimate uphold rates. And we'll certainly keep you guys informed if we see any variances.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions.
Bruce Broussard: Okay, well, I'll close out the call here. And as I started the call, we are disappointed in the update provided today. And as I said many times, we take our commitment serious and -- will continue to work hard on behalf of our investors. I do want to first just continue to reemphasize that although the near term impacts of the higher utilization are disappointing, our confidence in the long-term attractiveness of this sector and our position with it has not changed one bit. I do want to say thank you for both your time today and our 65,000 employees for their dedication and support for our business and individuals we serve. So thank you and have a wonderful day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2023 results and our financial outlook for 2023. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, Humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our third quarter 2023 earnings press release as they relate to the forward-looking statements, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Today, Humana reported financial results for the third quarter of 2023 with adjusted earnings per share of $7.78, slightly above our expectations. Results for the quarter include outperformance in our Medicaid and primary care businesses. and a continued focus on driving sustainable operating efficiencies, offset by the impact of a modest higher-than-anticipated utilization in our Medicare Advantage business. We reaffirmed our full year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance of $28.25 reflecting a 12% increase over 2022. In addition, we are pleased to raise our guidance for full year individual MA membership growth by an additional 35,000 members to $860,000 driven by continued higher-than-expected new sales. Our full year membership growth estimate now reflects a 19% growth rate significantly outpacing the industry. As we've shared previously, our ability to deliver on our targeted earnings growth rate in 2023, while also achieving this impressive membership growth is supported by the strength and scale of our organization. underpinned by a continued focus on disciplined investments, driving sustainable productivity improvements and delivering consistent fundamentals, including industry-leading Stars results and higher customer satisfaction as reflected in our net promote receivers. Further, our strong membership growth creates significant momentum as we advance towards our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37. Susan will provide additional details on our third quarter performance and our full year expectations in a moment. I'll now provide an update on our operations and outlook, including a view of the 2024 Medicare advantage landscape and exciting growth we've seen in our primary care business before turning to an update on our ongoing productivity initiatives. Beginning with Medicare Advantage, we took a thoughtful approach to 2024 bids, recognizing the need to balance the rate environment with our commitment to achieve industry average or better membership growth. Our 2024 strategy was informed by extensive consumer and broker research and in-depth analytics regarding Medicare and eligible consumers prefer. We preserved or enhanced key benefits across our portfolio that were identified as the most important consumers and continue to differentiating offerings that focus on improving health outcomes and member experience. More specifically, we continue to prioritize zero premium offerings, low cost share for highly utilized services, including primary care and Part D [ph] and maintain highly valued supplemental methods like dental and Part B [ph] givebacks. From a dual-eligible special needs plan or SNET perspective, all plans include zero co-pays uncovered Part D [ph] prescriptions and offer healthy option allowance with a rollover feature, a key differentiator in the marketplace. Our product enhancements are coupled with Humana's leading position in quality and experience. Mana continues to deliver exceptional quality to our members as levered by our CMS star ratings. For 6 consecutive years, Humana has maintained the highest percentage of members in 4 stars or higher-rated contracts among national health lines. In 2024, 94% of our members will be enrolled and plant rated 4 stars or higher and 61% from plans rated 4.5 stars or higher. For [indiscernible] contracts covering approximately 790,000 members nationwide received a perfect 5-star rated, more than doubling our 5-star membership from 2023, enabling year-round enrollment in these plans. In addition, for the third year in a row, Humana has been ranked number one among health insurance for customer quality and Forrester's proprietary 2023 U.S. customer experience benchmark serving. Humana also ranked number one in customer satisfaction with [indiscernible] in Florida based on a comprehensive 2023 study by JD Bauer. And we're proud that Humana once again has been named the best overall Medicare Advantage insurance company by U.S. News and World Report which created an honor based on CMS' newly released star ratings for MA plans. Additionally, Humana ranked as the best company for member experience and was declared the best company for low premium plant availability. Collectively, these results are a testament to our commitment to putting the health and wellness of our customers first. From a distribution and sales perspective, we are building upon our omnichannel strategy in 2023, where we've seen a 50% increase in our internal sales year-to-date which is our highest lifetime value channel. Our goal is to deliver best-in-class agent and customer experience and have made investments in AI power tools and tallied infrastructure to reduce consumer hold times and transfers. Finally, we are excited about the strong growth of our internal payer agnostic channel which is expected to double its sales production year-over-year this AAAP [ph]. All in, we expect our balanced approach to our 2024 product strategy positions us well and we anticipate 2024 individual MA membership growth to be at or above the overall industry growth rate. We look forward to sharing more in the coming months. Within our center well segment, our primary care platform experienced significant growth in the quarter now operating 296 centers, serving nearly 285,000 patients, representing a year-over-year growth of 33% and 17%, respectively. This includes the impact of the 24 centers recently acquired from Kanav Health, approximately 12 of which are expected to be consolidated into existing centers are closed as we integrate the business by year-end. As a result of the 2023 De Novo Bills and M&A activity, we expect to end the year with net growth of 60 to 65 above our previously communicated annual center growth target of 30 to 50. Susan will provide additional detail on our center primary care performance in a moment. Turning to our ongoing productivity efforts which span the organization. Our focus on productivity continues to drive sustainable value for the enterprise, while creating more streamlined processes better experiences for our members, patients and provider partners and driving best-in-class quality and customer service results. Let me share a few examples of this important work. Our primary care organization is executing on a multipronged plan to mitigate the ultimate impact of the risk model changes that will be phased in over the next 3 years. including numerous operational efficiencies such as centralizing and streamlining administrative functions, standardizing the clinic operating model and improving clinician productivity. As an example, we are enhancing our use of prospective risk stratification of our patient base, offering new and enhanced clinical programs and care team interventions to our highest risk patients. which we expect to further reduce avoidable hospitalizations and readmissions, while we optimize our preventative touch points with lower risk patients to increase connection capacity. In the home, as a complement to developing value-based home health payments, we've launched a comprehensive initiative to reimagine our scale on health operations. These efforts will be deployed across our more than 350 branches that will include automation, consolidation and implementation technology and AI solutions. This will minimize administrative cash while improving clinician productivity, including optimizing their schedule. We believe these initiatives, some of which require incremental investment will ultimately streamline our operations and lead to increased clinical -- clinician productivity and satisfaction. As an example, CenterWell Home Health has introduced an innovative AI-enabled digital wound management solution which allows our clinicians to effectively capture vital details with a simple picture. We are pleased to report a notable 18% improvement in visit efficiency, thus enhancing the experience, both clinicians and patients. This has been instrumental in clinical decision-making contributing to an accelerated wound healing time by 35%. Finally, within CenterWell Pharmacy, we've been focused on investments in digital channels and have seen greater than 800 basis point [indiscernible] scripts received through our digital channels year-to-date, now representing approximately 38% of our total scripts. Increased use of digital channels provides an efficient and user-friendly experience for patients. Allowing for real-time pulmonary and function of the ability to offer cost-saving alternatives in real time. In addition to our ongoing productivity initiatives, we remain committed to identifying additional sources of value for the enterprise through cost savings and value acceleration from previous investments. Alien drivers include areas such as streamlining our real estate portfolio as we continue to refine new ways of working post COVID. We've also identified operations to rationalize our IT portfolio as we focus and building and leveraging enterprise capabilities, providing the opportunity to move away from and/or consolidate certain stand-alone business specific systems and applications that will meet the business needs of the future. In addition, there were certain initiatives kicked off as a part of our ongoing hard value creation plan in 2022 required implementation of technology to improve processes and drive efficiencies and would therefore take time to realize the full benefit. As we've continued to focus on and advance these initiatives, we've identified additional value to be extracted [ph]. We anticipate activities related to the additional value creation initiatives to continue throughout 2024. Result in certain onetime charges that will be adjusted for non-GAAP purposes. Collectively, our ongoing productivity and value creation initiatives are driving sustainable value for the enterprise. We expect this work will create now beyond the 20 basis points of annual operating leverage business mix adjusted basis that we committed to at our 2022 Investor Day. Aiding in our efforts to offset the near-term utilization and reimbursement headwinds currently impacting the industry. Before turning it over to Susan, I'd like to touch on our recently announced leadership transition plan. We are pleased to announce that the health care industry veteran, Jim Richon [ph], was joined Humana as a President and Chief Operating Officer on January 8, 2024, as part of a long-planned CEO transition. Jim will report to me until the latter half of 2024, at which time, after leading Humana for over a decade, I'll step down and Jim will assume the CEO role. As we work to make this seamless transition in the coming months, I look forward to partnering with Jim brings a collaborative, thoughtful and innovative leadership style to our organization. making him a natural fit for the culture of today and the future. Jim brings a strong combination of operational industry and CEO expertise. His first-hand experience leading true challenge is an opportunity to change in health care services continue while helping them accelerate our integrated care strategy. We look forward to introducing Jim to our stakeholders when he joins the team in early 2024. With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce and good morning, everyone. Today we recorded adjusted EPS of $7.78 for the third quarter. Results in the quarter were slightly positive -- slightly above initial expectations driven by outperformance in our Medicaid and primary care businesses and continued focus on driving sustainable productivity gains, offset by modestly higher-than-anticipated utilization in our Medicare Advantage business. I will provide additional detail on recent utilization trends in a moment. Our performance to date continues to reflect the strength and agility of the enterprise, demonstrating our ability to successfully navigate the higher-than-anticipated utilization while delivering on our earnings commitment and driving individual Medicare Advantage membership growth that significantly outpaces the industry. We now expect to add approximately 850,000 members in 2023 and reflecting a 19% growth rate. Further, for the full year, we have reaffirmed our adjusted EPS guidance of at least $28.25 which reflects a 12% increase over 2022. We I will now provide additional details on our third quarter performance and full year outlook by segment, beginning with insurance. This morning, we reported that our insurance segment benefit ratio exceeded expectations by 40 basis points due to higher medical costs in our Medicare Advantage business. We continue to experience an increase in COVID admissions in the third quarter, whereas our forecast previously assumed that this would occur in the fourth quarter. To date, we have not seen an offset in non-COVID utilization which diverges from the consistent patterns seen previously. As it respects non-inpatient trends, we previously communicated that we expected the higher PMPMs [ph] reported in the second quarter to continue throughout the back half of the year, reflecting a moderating year-over-year trend percentage. The most recent paid claims data suggested a modest uptick in TTMs [ph] for the third quarter versus the stable levels we anticipate. Considering the most recent trends, we are planning for the higher level of utilization seen in the third quarter to continue for the remainder of the year. As a result, we are increasing our full year insurance segment benefit ratio guidance to approximately 87.5% which implies a fourth quarter ratio of 89.5%. This guidance also reflects the increased individual MA membership growth which continues to include a higher-than-expected proportion of agents. As we have previously discussed, agents initially run a higher benefit expense ratio than the average new member which negatively impacts the current year benefit ratio but result in a larger margin expansion opportunity on these members over time. We anticipate that the higher 2023 insurance segment benefit ratio will be offset by additional administrative expense reductions, driven in part by the sustainable productivity initiatives group discussed, improved net investment income and other business outperformance. Turning to Medicaid; the business exceeded expectations in the quarter, primarily driven by favorable membership due to redetermination timing which continue to track slightly favorable to our expectations, combined with disciplined medical cost management initiatives and lower-than-expected utilization. Moving now to CenterWell; the segment continued its solid performance seen throughout the year, outperforming expectations in the quarter. Our primary care organization results exceeded expectations, driven by better-than-expected patient volume and revenue combined with lower-than-anticipated utilization, resulting in improved medical margin in our fully own centers. We continue to see better-than-expected patient growth, adding over 17,000 patients or nearly 89% growth in our de novo centers since December 31, plus 15,000 patients in our wholly owned centers, representing 9% growth year-to-date. We now anticipate full year patient annual growth of approximately 34,000 to 36,000 as compared to our original estimate of 20,000 to 25,000 patients more than doubling the patient growth achieved in 2022. Our primary care organization also continues to improve the operating information performance of our wholly owned centers. We continue to positively impact patient outcomes with hospitalization levels trending down year-over-year. In addition, due to our continued efforts to engage our patients Retention has now improved 270 basis points year-over-year, up from a 220 basis point improvement as of the second quarter. Patient satisfaction scores continue to reflect the quality of care delivered with Net Promoter Scores averaging 82 nationally. And we are proud of our quality scores which are tracking ahead of last year's trajectory with a 4.5 star performance year-to-date on provider influence measures for engaged patients. We now expect to increase the number of centers that are contribution margin positive from 110 at the end of 2022 and to approximately 130 at year-end 2023, an increase from our previous expectation of 125 and representing an 18% increase year-over-year. In addition, we expect to increase the number of centers that have reached our $3 million contribution margin target from 31 in 2022 to approximately 44 at the end of 2023, an increase from our previous expectation of 40 -- and representing a compelling 42% increase year-over-year. The better-than-expected primary care earnings in the quarter in our consolidated benefit expense ratio being 100 basis points lower than our insurance segment benefit expense ratio as compared to our previous expectation of a 40 to 50 basis point reduction. As a reminder, on a consolidated basis, we report from the perspective of the health plan and as such, intercompany earnings from these services are eliminated against benefit expense. At this time, we do not anticipate that the primary care outperformance will run rate into the fourth quarter. Therefore, we continue to point you to a 40 to 50 basis point reduction between our insurance and consolidated benefit expense ratios for the fourth quarter with a reduction of approximately 60 basis points for the full year. Turning to the home. In our core fee-for-service business, year-to-date episodic admissions are up 8.6%, while total admissions are up 5.1% and tracking in line with our full year expectations of a mid-single-digit year-over-year increase. As Bruce discussed, we are working diligently to identify clinical and operating efficiencies to offset industry headwinds, including rate reductions, declining original Medicare admissions due to increasing MA penetration and ongoing labor pressures. From a capital deployment perspective, we have completed approximately $1 billion in repurchases to date and continue to anticipate share repurchases of approximately $1.5 billion in 2023. Before commenting on 2024, I would like to take a moment to highlight the significant progress we have made towards the midterm targets we shared at our Investor Day 1 year ago. As a reminder, our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37 represents a 40% CAGR from 2022 and is expected to be comprised of 10% enterprise earnings growth largely driven by the contribution from our Medicare membership, 20 basis points of improved operating leverage and a 2% contribution from capital deployment on an annual basis. While allowing for continued growth and investment in our Medicaid and CenterWell businesses as these high-quality assets are expected to meaningfully contribute to our long-term earnings growth as it continues to scale and mature. Over the last year, we have outperformed virtually all of the goals, including above-industry average membership growth in our Medicare managed business, significant outperformance of our productivity goals and increased share buybacks as we saw stock price dislocation earlier this year. We continue to invest in and grow our Medicaid and CenterWell businesses, performing top line growth goals across these businesses as well. At the same time, we've experienced higher-than-expected medical cost trend within our Medicare managed business and have worked hard to mitigate the impact of these trends in order to deliver on our enterprise earnings and EPS commitments. All in, we are proud of the significant progress we have made and remain committed to the targets we shared last year, including our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37 I'll now take a few moments to provide additional color on our early outlook for 2024, starting with membership. As Bruce shared, while it's still early in '18 [ph], we expect that our balanced approach to our 2024 bids positions us to grow individual Medicare Advantage membership at or above the overall industry growth rate while planning for a modestly higher attrition rate, given the benefit design changes we implemented in response to the rate environment. As we always caution this time of year, it is early in the AEP selling season, the atlas we provide today could change depending on how sales and voluntary disenrollment ultimately come in. Broadly speaking, 2024 competitor plan design reflect less benefit degradation than anticipated which will likely lead to fewer consumers shopping and therefore, less opportunity for Humana to meaningfully outpace the industry growth rate. Specifically Humana's performance relative to the market, initial feedback from brokers is positive, supporting our expectation of at or above industry average growth. Finally, recall that we have limited visibility into member disenrollment data this early in the AEP season as those results take longer to complete and we look forward to providing further commentary on our fourth quarter call. In our Group Medicare Advantage business, we expect membership growth of approximately 45,000 in 2024, driven by small and midsized account wins and remain committed to disciplined pricing and a competitive group Medicare Advantage market. With respect to seeing along PDP, the overall PDP market continues to decline as Medicare beneficiaries select Medicare Advantage over original Medicare and PDP -- in addition, we remain disciplined in the pricing of our PDP products as cost trends continue to rise. As a result, our Walmart Value plan will not be as competitively priced as it has been historically and our basic plan will exceed the low income benchmark in 16 regions in 2024. We currently expect a net decline of approximately 750,000 TEP members in 2024, including a loss of approximately 220,000 members as a result of exceeding the low income benchmark. As we look beyond 2024, we will evaluate the impact of the various proposed regulatory changes which are likely to result in higher PDP claim premiums broadly and could lead to further industry-wide movement from stand-alone Part D claims to Medicare Advantage plans given the strong Medicare Advantage value proposition. Our focus remains on creating enterprise value from our PDP plan by driving increased mail order penetration and conversions to make your advantage. Finally, in our Medicaid business, Humana continues to demonstrate the ability to deliver unique value to communities by building on a strong operating model that integrates physical and behavioral health and develop meaningful partnerships and innovations to address health and equities and social deterrence to health. After successfully implementing the Ohio and releasing our contract in early '23, we look forward to beginning to serve members in both Indiana and Oklahoma in 2024 and continue to expect to bring our total Medicaid footprint to United States and approximately 1.5 million members by year-end 2024. Turning now to our expected 2024 financial performance. I reiterate expected to grow 2024 adjusted EPS within our targeted long-term range of 11% to 15%. We Recognizing the increased utilization we have now seen in 2023 and prudently assuming this level of utilization continues into 2024, we currently anticipate growth at the low end of this range. We look forward to providing a more specific 2024 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. Looking ahead to 2025, as previously mentioned, we remain admitted to our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37, reflecting a 14% CAGR from 2022 to 2025. It is important to note that our 2025 adjusted earnings growth will benefit from the maturation of our robust individual MA membership growth expected in 2023 and 2024. Advancement of the mitigation activities, our primary care and home organizations are implementing to offset the impact of their revenue headwind. Capital deployment activity as well as the sustainable productivity and value creation initiatives discussed today. In addition, we anticipate certain discrete pricing actions to be taken across our individual and group Medicare books in response to the higher utilization and trends experienced. In closing, I want to say thank you to our over 65,000 teammates. Our success is enabled by a dedication to putting our members and patients at the center of everything we do. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support. Finally, I'll reiterate that Humana fundamentals are strong and we remain well positioned to drive compelling earnings growth in the mid and longer term. With that, we will open the line for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. I guess maybe my question would be on the outperformance in the physician business which is just a little bit counter to, I guess, what some of your competitors have done in a higher MA trend environment. It's surprising that the physicians are seeing better medical performance. So can you talk a little bit about why there's that disconnect there wise not flowing more through that side of the equation. And I guess the fact that you keep growing membership faster on the clinics, why isn't that the same kind of MLR pressure there that you see in the MA business when that grows faster than expected?
Susan Diamond: Sure. Kevin. So yes, you are correct. We did see outperformance in the primary care business. The first thing I would point out is we've been consistently saying all year that some of the higher trends we are seeing on health plan side has been disproportionately impacting our non-risk plans versus risk providers. And some of that is a reflection of from the product mix. We're seeing more pressure in our LTPO offerings versus our HMO. And our CenterWell primary care business, particularly the whole center are going to disproportionately indexed to HMO plans and then geographically, obviously, in Florida in some of our higher performing markets as well. With respect to the specific outperformance we're seeing in Primary Care this year, there's a variety of factors contributing to that. They've been positive prior year development. As well as positive current year development in the quarter and both seeing outperformance across revenue and medical costs. So really a variety of factors. The last thing I would say is some of the information that they rely on comes from the agnostic provider. And then you get some of that information on a bit of a lag. So you tend to see a little bit more later in the year sort of PPD and CPD as they receive updated information I would say, from the agnostic book, it's mostly, I would say, revenue related where they've seen some positive pickups in risk towards an MRA reimbursement relative to our internal expectations.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Yes. So in terms of the higher insurance company guidance, the 20 basis points higher than the high end of the range you previously pointed to. Is any of that increase related to COVID? Or is COVID is indeed purely a timing shift from Q4 into Q3? And then just in terms of the modest step-up in non-COVID cost PMPM [ph] that you talked about in Q2, Q3. Can you just spike that out a little bit in terms of what categories are driving that and many categories moving in the other direction as well, that would be helpful to know.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Steve, yes, so as to rates we called out the momentary and we disclosed this in some of our public commentary during the quarter. We have seen an uptick in COVID within the quarter. As we mentioned, our internal forecast for the year initially anticipated an uptick in the fourth quarter versus third. So initially, we said, well, that sold be just the timing of a pull-forward of that. We have started to see COVID start to decline is coming down. But as we mentioned, we have to date not seen an offset. And so it resulted in just net incremental utilization within the quarter versus what we might have otherwise expected based on historical trends. As we thought about the year, what we decided to do and an attempt to just be somewhat conservative to assume that the cover that we anticipate in the fourth quarter from an addition standpoint would remain. So we did not take that out of the forecast. And may eventually show up as non-COVID ultimately. But we did keep that in the forecast such that our ATT expectations are consistent with what we would have expected previously and didn't take that out. On the non-inpatient side, I would say the drivers of that are consistent with what we've been saying since the term developed on our second quarter call in the discretionary sort of orthopedic and surgical procedures some of the ER and observations that we've seen those have continued. And I would say the drivers remain consistent. There wasn't any new that came up that's driving that sequential increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Would be interested if you could give us some of your initial observations on the 2024 AEP as it relates to your marketing and distribution strategies and where you feel that things may be resonating the most definitely seeing the Humana guide, for example, on plenty of ads recently. But more broadly, just in your distribution strategies, what you think seems to be working the best in. And then any areas where you may even be making some adjustments to the strategy here sort of inside of the AEP as you continue to look to drive new sales.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, a few things there. One is we are getting is that positive feedback to just where our positioning is in the channels in the various broker channels, so both the call center and in addition to the field. So I would just say, in general, people seem to be very content with how we're positioned, both from a benefit point of view but also just from our quality scores that we obviously received both in stars but also our customer service side. The second thing is that we do have -- continue to have a balanced approach in how we are going to market with our distribution from continuing to support and build our relationships with our call centers, our external call centers and in addition, our field representatives that are external field representatives. So we do continue to see good engagement with them. We continue to see working with them not only from a sales point of view but also from our attention point there which is consistent from last year as we continue to make proper investments with our partners there. We do see good results coming out of our field, external field channel. We continue to see really strong results there and probably they're overachieving from our budget. And in addition, we continue to see good results from our agnostic channel. As I mentioned, we're predicting to almost -- to double our sales there. We're not making much adjustment today. I mean we continue we're only 2.5 weeks into AEP and we feel like we're consistent with what our expectations are. And so we're going to continue to execute. But maybe in a few weeks, we might adjust accordingly. But today, I think it's what we've set out to do last year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Maybe just following up on some of the MLR related questions. I think last quarter, you said with what you were seeing on the utilization front, you were comfortable that you had sort of incorporated that in your expectations around '24 pricing. Given the incremental commentary today, are you still comfortable? Or do you need to have some level of offsetting efficiencies to mitigate a sequential uptick in utilization that you're assuming will continue next year. And I guess just part of that as well is obviously part of what's impacting your medical loss ratio this year. Is all the enrollment growth you've got. So you've got utilization being a little higher but you've also got the drag of all these new members. Can you -- is there any way to parse out how much of the variance that you're seeing is utilization versus the drag of the new members and give us some flavor on that, assuming that the one might start to ease next year?
Susan Diamond: Yes, let's take great questions in there. I'll try to get all of them. I would say, in terms of this incremental trend that we are announcing in the third quarter and then stepping up to for the full year. Obviously, this would not have been done at the time of pricing, it'll be incremental negation that we need to do to offset that in '24. If you recall, on the second quarter call, we did reaffirm that we intended to be within our long-term historical range, 11% to 15% and we reaffirm that today, although knowledge is a result of this higher trend that we would expect to be in the low end of that is our initial thinking. I would say, as we saw the trend develop, we certainly recognize that we would need to identify some additional mitigation. I would say our ongoing efforts around productivity have continued since the work we kicked off in '22. And as we've said before, have continued to identify more opportunities than we might have initially anticipated which is built unlike pipeline of opportunity that will certainly mitigate the end this year and we'll continue to do so next year. To your point, the higher enrollment growth, particularly the Asian component of that which we have seen a nice uptick in market share there. does put some pressure on MLRs. And in going to get this pretax because as we said, they run about 100% MLR typically in the first 2 years before flipping to full diagnostic space is adjustment typically more so in the third year. We've said before, you can think about with the level of enrollment higher for agents this year, you can think about it on a full year basis that, that would impact the MLRs about 20 basis points. And so that is contemplated in our '24 thinking. Obviously, one of the things we'll still have to assess as we refine the thinking for '24 will be this year's membership growth and the composition of that, the new name versus retention and those are all things we'll continue to assess and comment on further when we provide our updated guidance on '24 -- or fourth quarter call.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: I wanted to ask about Center well. Just given the PDP losses, some of the pressures that we're hearing about both in the home health and the physician business. Can you talk about the trajectory from '23 to '24 and then '24 to '25 versus kind of what you had previously laid out at the Investor Day in terms of those improvements that were before some of these headwinds set in.
Susan Diamond: Yes. Justin. So yes, you're correct. The CenterWell pharmacy is going to be impacted by the MA growth as well as the decline in PDP growth. We shared previously that the middleware penetration rates for those populations and the PDP does run significantly lower than the M&A book. And part of that is the disproportionate percentage of duals in the PDP book which tends to use mail order at a significantly lower rate. So some of the losses in '24 will be disproportionately low income because of exceeding the benchmark. So that will have less impact than average, certainly. But those are certainly things we're contemplating in our thinking for '24. I would say, in addition to that, we've just got a lot of movement between Healthland and the pharmacy, both in '24 and then certainly in '25 too as we continue to see the pharmacy changes implemented. So for '24, you're going to have things like the DIR changes going to fly sale. So that will have an impact between the two. There are going to be more changes in '25 that frankly, we're still working through. We would anticipate relooking at formularies which might impact drug mix in the pharmacy. How you think about pricing between health and in the pharmacy will also have to be considered in light of some of the shifting liability in the change of plan for '25. So we'll certainly plan to provide more commentary as we work through some of those in our more detailed guidance. But there are a lot of changes to your point but we are contemplating that membership shift which we've seen over the last number of years.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: First question is just are the new members coming in at higher-than-expected MLRs even for first year members? Or is it just a mix because they're mostly agents. And then if you could just refresh the MLR trends for members that are in fully capitated arrangements versus those that are in sort of fee-for-service providers. And has that delta changed much in the last year?
Susan Diamond: Josh, for your first question, we are seeing that new members are running higher MLRs than you would expected that we would say that is attributable to the overall trend that we're seeing. We have looked at new members versus concurrent members to see what variation we're seeing at various types, plan level, geographic. And what we say is relatively consistent. So we continue to believe that the impact that we're seeing are broadly industry-related trends versus Humana specific. With the exception of some of the things you pointed out previously which we continue to see like some of the down investments we've made, we are seeing some higher utilization. But beyond that, I would say that the other impacts are relatively consistent across the new and concurrent but obviously driving higher and more than we would have expected across the board. In terms of the progression of members in the risk rides, we can follow up on any specific question. But I would say, in general, I would say the trends haven't changed significantly over the last few years, at least nothing that we've seen or called out.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. And I'd be remiss without congratulating Bruce, on the pending change and welcoming Jim as well.
Bruce Broussard: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gary Taylor with Cowen.
Gary Taylor: Just a couple -- maybe one question, one clarification. I know last year, at this time, you gave very precise enrollment growth guidance and perhaps that was because of the shortfall in the '22 enrollment. But I guess, maybe in absence of that, are you still generally anticipating when you say you would grow at industry or better that the industry would grow high single digit. Is that still your general expectation? And then just a slight clarification, I guess, to the back half of Josh's question. You do talk about benefit design change as impacting MLR and certainly, some of that was intentional and we knew that coming into the year or benefit investments. made. CVS this morning was talking about more OTC benefits, etcetera. I just wondered if year-to-date, given the pretty substantial investment you made in OTC and Flex and that sort of thing. If you're learning anything about how members are using those benefits over the course of the year? Is the monthly utilization of those allowances accelerating as the year has gone by, etcetera?
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the first question just on the growth guidance and I'll let Susan take the second question. On the growth guidance, we continue, as we mentioned, we believe that will grow at or equal to the industry. I think there's ranges of what the industry estimate will be, rent is from 6% to the 8% or so but we feel really comfortable with that. And that comfort, [indiscernible] is coming from our continued feedback from our brokers, not just where we are positioning in the marketplace. We continue to see both the brand and the benefits continuing to be competitive and never the cheapest but to be competitive in the marketplace. So we're getting really good feedback there. So I would just say we just feel that today, we will follow the growth of the industry. We do feel we're not as competitive as we were last year and the way we've positioned our product and therefore, that's why we've backed a little bit off from being disproportional to being right at the industry or greater growth.
Susan Diamond: And as respect to your same question, so as you think about the benefit of investments we made, there was obviously living contemplated in our pricing in our initial guidance and one toward our initial MLR guidance. As we've seen the higher utilization, particularly in sort of benefits you mentioned like that are more relatives like we've done in the flex as we spoke to. I would say we are seeing a higher utilization on some of those benefit investments than we would have expected. But again, we're seeing it across the existing membership base as well as in the new members. So it's, again, not a selection issue where we're just attracting people that or attracting that we're seeing existing members who now have access to those riches also utilizing them in the higher rate as well. Particularly on the dental side, I would say with optimization, we're seeing [indiscernible] just more dollars being utilized versus more utilizes overall. So sort of the cost per visit, as you can see about it going up where I'm sure the with Dennis in the optometric and when they got a patient in there, they're trying to maximize that sort of revenue per patient. So we're seeing some higher cost procedures or services like dentures and some other things routinely within that utilization. With the way some of those benefits are designed continue to flex, we do have less opportunities intra year to try to mitigate some of that and it does require adjustments to the benefit of that. And so some of that, particularly in the Flex benefits early in the year, we did make some adjustments in our '24 plan designs to account for that and implement some additional restrictions and benefit reductions. So that is one thing you'll see. So we'll continue to monitor, as I would say, broader utilization just relative to what we had expected off of that benefit investment that we implemented in a few of those specific categories.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Was that George Hill? If so, I'll talk.
Susan Diamond: Yes. [Indiscernible].
George Hill: Sorry, Susan. And the end of the operator cut off of mind. I just want to make sure I heard you right. When you said were you seeing higher MLR pressure PPO [ph] versus HMO plans? And I guess my question, I want to make sure I heard that right and then my question would be, is there a meaningful MLR difference typically between the HMO and the PPO plans. And kind of how should we think about that going forward as you're kind of seeing broader demand for the PPO plans and kind of that share is expected to increase in mix going forward?
Susan Diamond: Yes, you did hear me correctly that we are seeing more pressure in our PPOs versus our HMO. Some of that's a reflection of a lot of the newer plan designs we've implemented over the last years having more PPO and you saw the introduction across the industry of the $0 PPO [ph], an example. Since you tend to have a lower margin profile than our legacy HMO products. Some of that's also a reflection of this geographic mix differences. Obviously, we have strong penetration in HMO products and some of our [indiscernible] and highly risk-insured markets. Today historically [indiscernible] although we're seeing more and more of a more sophisticated with providers to take risk on [indiscernible] and difference in the months to see better financial results, including lower MLRs and higher contribution to MTN.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sarah James: So the hospitals this quarter have pretty consistently been talking about pressure on the claims review process for physician fees, especially in the ED and the difference between inpatient versus monitoring. And I'm wondering if you're seeing any savings on those -- on your claims review process for those in '23 or what you expect in '24? And if there are some areas that you're looking to improve or enhance your teams or process on in '24.
Susan Diamond: Take on post memory. Would you mind repeating that question? We didn't get I'm sorry.
Sarah James: Sure. So the hospitals have pretty consistently been talking about some pushback on the claims review process for physicians, physician fees, physicians in ED as well as the inpatient versus monitoring classification. I'm wondering if that's an area that you're seeing any savings in, in '23 or expect two in '24. If not those areas, If there are some areas that you're focused on for claims review as you approach '24 and managing.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Sarah. So yes, I think you're referring to some of the utilization management practices and those are typically done on the front end. We do that wherever possible where we will have the opportunity to review for medical necessity and appropriate setting. So whether that's a full inpatient admission or an observation stay. We've had those programs in place for many, many years. There are some changes coming in 2024 based on some new CMS regulations. And those do change the way some of those programs will work. Those don't take effect until January 24. So I would say no meaningful changes experienced in '23 but we are anticipating those changes in '24. Those did represent a headwind to us, recognizing that we won't be able to have as much impact as we have historically from those efforts and we did account for that in the bid. But that is one of those things we'll certainly want to watch next year. How that develops relative to our expectations, recognizing there may be some behavior change that we see within the provider community, they adapt to those changes. So that's something we'll continue to watch but it's something we anticipated and included in our '24 pricing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. hopefully, you're going to hear me here, operator, cut out on me too. Just a quick question. You made a comment about modestly higher attrition you're expecting in '24. I was wondering if you could maybe just give a little more color on the drivers of that, if it has to do with distribution channels or maybe the greater proportion of nonduals or something like that? And then also, if you could just remind us for the $37 target in '25, what's the kind of implicit a rate increase that you're expecting that we ought to be starting to see in February that's kind of baked into that?
Bruce Broussard: Okay. I'll take the first one and Susan can second one. On the modestly higher attrition really is just coming from what we -- our history of when there are changes, significant changes in benefits, what we do see is people shopping more. And in result, when they're shopping more, though, we've seen increased attrition. So it's really more the environment we're in as opposed to dramatic changes in our distribution channel or our benefits.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And Lisa, as respect to the $37, I would say, in general, as we've commented, we have been anticipating that the rate environment would not continue to be as favorable as we've seen in the last number of years. obviously, for 2024, the industry is absorbing the more negative rate environment. And with the phase-in of the risk adjustment model changes, we anticipate that, that will be implemented over the next -- the remaining over the next two years. That will certainly have an impact to our primary care business which we've talked about. While the business has a mitigation plan and they believe they can fully mitigate the impact, they do think it will take time. So we are anticipating a headwind in '24. That will be somewhat lessened in '25 as they continue to mature and scale some of their mitigation plan initiatives and then fully offset by '26. Within the health plan, I would say, we obviously know what the impact of the risk adjustment model change phasing will be but we'll have to obviously see what the core adjustment looks like in light of some of these higher trend, in theory, you would see some positive restatement embedded in there. So we'll have to see what that looks like and whether it's sufficient to cover normal horse trend. The way we generally think about it though is that is we go to impact the industry broadly. And so in theory, we should be on par with everyone else and assuming everyone react rationally, then it wouldn't put you in an advantage or disadvantage. We are very pleased, though, again, have the really strong Stars results that were published recently. And that, again, is a durable advantage for us where we do know some others will have some challenges to deal with there while others may have some improvement. And so those are all things that we consider as we plan for '25. I just reiterate, we remain committed to delivering the $37 committing to continue to grow at or above the industry rate for MA membership growth. and wanted to highlight recognizing it requires an accelerated growth rate for earnings in '25. I wanted to make sure we highlighted some of those more unique tailwinds that we will benefit from in '25 that allow us to achieve that higher than typical rate in order to deliver to $37. And we'll certainly share more on our fourth quarter call.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Can you hear me?
Susan Diamond: Yes.
Nathan Rich: Great. Susan, maybe just building off of that last comment there on the 2025 target. How should we think about the margin progression for the Medicare Advantage business between '24 and '25. Seems like maybe a bit of a bigger step up than what you had anticipated previously. And you also made reference to some additional earnings levers like pricing actions. Could you just go into a little bit more detail on what you're considering there?
Susan Diamond: Yes, absolutely. And so as I called out in my prepared remarks, there are some tailwinds that will benefit from in '25. As we said, the outsized membership growth and the progression you will typically see in the margin profile of those new member cohorts improves over time. The higher agents, in particular, as I mentioned, they typically don't see the real up in performance until year 3 when they fully convert to risk adjustment. So the member -- the new agents we've got in our 2023 book, we'll then see disproportionate improvement in 2025 that will help contribute to that higher earnings growth that would be required to get to the 37. We have continued to see favorable net investment income, as you've seen in our results. And so some of those things are improving relative to what we would have thought going into '24 and we'll continue to '25. And then certainly, our continued focus on productivity is something that has continued to prove to be a mitigant for the near-term pressure. And then we expect to continue to see more than the 20 basis points of operating leverage that we committed to. And then some of the capital deployment will benefit as well. So the way I think about it, when you try to isolate some of those things, sort of then what's left is what you say is more normal progression within our historical targeted range. We do acknowledge that given what we're seeing in the trends and also in some of the discrete utilization we've seen in some of the benefits we've discussed we do expect that we will take some discrete pricing action for '25, we'll certainly be targeted in the way we do that, so that we're addressing some of those spots that are driving less earnings progression than we would have expected at the time of pricing. And so while they might have some impact to membership, we would say we would plan to target in a way where that's okay but it's the appropriate thing to do to balance the membership and the earnings progression that we'd be looking for. And you still feel confident that more broadly, we should be well positioned such that we should be able to continue to generate membership growth at or above the industry rate.
Operator: Last question will come from the line of Mayo with Leerink Partners.
Benjamin Mayo: Did you say Whit Mayo?
Susan Diamond: Yes. [Indiscernible].
Benjamin Mayo: That's a consistent theme today. Just one clarification just on that last topic of the agents. Can you quantify, Susan, the growth that you're seeing this year [indiscernible] the 19% growth and what you're thinking for next year? And then I'm just wondering where you are on sort of the evolution of the delegation of risk one home, how much of the medical spend you've transitioned in maybe how much of that is driving the growth on your Home Solutions assist.
Susan Diamond: Okay. I got the first one. Would you mind repeating the second question? So the first question was about agents. What was the second question?
Benjamin Mayo: Just one home and how much you've delegated the risk on that business today in terms of like the post-acute or the DME and how much of that is driving growth on your Home Solutions business?
Susan Diamond: Sure. As far as the agents, I think with some of the information we shared about the increased penetration that we've seen. You can think of that as about $250,000 an additional sales for agents for the full year. And then we see the incremental benefit of the margin progression on that. Like I said, it's disproportionately weighted to year 3 by the time those members ultimately convert. In terms of one home, it's about 15% of MA membership. I think in answer to your question.
Benjamin Mayo: Okay. But how much of like the -- if I take all of your post-acute spend, how much of that have you fully rolled out in terms of the full delegation of risk?
Susan Diamond: Yes. Why don't we -- we can get back to you with a specific answer on that. Let us look at that. And when we talk late tomorrow, we can have that answer for you.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Bruce Broussard for closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, operator. In closing, I echo seasons, thanks to our 65,000 employees. We truly appreciate their hard work and dedication to bring each day to serve our members and patients. I'd also reiterate the thanks to our shareholders for their continued support. Managed fundamentals are strong and we remain committed to leveraging the strength and scale of our enterprise navigate near-term challenges while continuing to advance our strategy. And importantly, we remain committed to our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37, reflecting a 14% compounded annual growth rate from 2022 to 2025. I hope everyone has a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 Humana Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2023 results and our financial outlook for 2023. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our second quarter 2023 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. All participants should note that todays discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Managements explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays press release. Finally, any reference to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, Ill turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa and good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana reported financial results for the second quarter of 2023 with adjusted earnings per share of $8.94, in line with our expectations. Results for the quarter include the impact of the higher than anticipated Medicare Advantage utilization recently disclosed, which has stabilized and is tracking in line with our updated expectations, and were supported by in line to slightly positive results from all other lines of business. We reaffirmed our full year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance of at least $28.25, which was an increase by $0.25 with our first quarter earnings release and reflects a 12% increase over 2022. In addition, we are pleased to raise our guidance for full year individual MA membership growth by an additional 50,000 members. We now anticipate adding approximately 825,000 members in 2023, reflecting an impressive 18% growth rate. Our ability to deliver on our targeted earnings growth rate in 2023, while also achieving significant membership growth, is supported by our continued focus on making disciplined investments, driving productivity and delivering consistent quality, including Stars and Net Promoter Score. In a moment, Susan will provide additional details on our second quarter performance and full year expectations, including a deeper dive into utilization trends. But first, I'd like to take a few minutes to reinforce the strength of Humana, including our differentiated capabilities that enable our leading platform, while highlighting the continued advancement of our integrated care delivery strategy. I will start with the strength of our MA platform. The industry-leading individual MA growth we've achieved in 2023 creates significant momentum as we move into 2024 and advance towards our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37. The growth we've seen in 2023 far exceeds initial expectations, and as previously shared, represents high-quality growth supported by better-than-expected retention and a greater proportion of our new sales coming from competitors than initially planned. We anticipate capturing 40% of the industry growth in 2023, increasing our overall market share by 170 basis points to just over 20% at year-end. As part of the growth, we've seen a substantial increase in agents as a percentage of total sales, while full year sales are anticipated to be 44% higher in 2023 than in 2022. Agent sales are expected to be 75% higher year-over-year, representing a significant contributor to our successful sales performance. The improvement in sales to agents further speaks to the quality of our growth, as retention for agent runs approximately 5% to 8% better as compared to our overall new membership base at their first reenrollment cycle. Further, agents initially run a higher benefit expense ratio than average new member as the MA program is structured such that a plan only receives demographic-related risk adjustment payments for these individuals for the initial 18 months, which does not align with their health status and related risk, resulting in a larger margin expansion opportunity on these members over time. Our leading membership growth achieved in 2023, strong fundamentals and best-in-class quality positions as well to sustainable growth at or above the industry rate. As we look ahead to 2024, we believe the MA industry will continue to see strong growth, fueled by MA's compelling value proposition compared to original Medicare, providing incremental benefits valued at approximately $2,400 annually. Throughout the 2024 MA bid preparation process, we were conscious of the disruption in shopping that's likely to occur in the market, due to the benefit reductions expected in the industry as a result of the negative rate environment and the Stars headwind for the certain competitors. As a result of this disruption, we believe Humana has an opportunity for another robust year of membership growth. Our 2024 product strategy was informed by extensive consumer and broker research and in-depth analytics regarding what Medicare-eligible consumers prefer. We focused on preserving benefits identified as most important, continuing to provide differentiated offerings that focus on improving health outcomes, and selectively enhancing our products with improvements such as increasing the number of members in 2024 that will be on a zero premium plan. We are also prioritizing maintaining product value for duals, those eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, given the unique health care and social needs of this vulnerable population. Input from our clinical analytics and health equity teams helped inform product design choices that will continue to support the needs of our diverse customer population. Importantly, we will enter the 2024 selling season in a position of strength, supported by momentum from our compelling 2023 growth and our continued industry-leading quality. The strength is bolstered by strong relationships with our broker partners as well as ongoing efforts to diversify our channel mix. This diversification includes the growth of our internal payer-agnostic channel, which was reinforced by our acquisition of IFG last August. We leveraged our best-in-class sales process and technology to quickly and efficiently integrate IFG, leading to a significant year-over-year channel growth with selling agents increasing by 26% and MA application volume more than doubling. We also take pride in the consistent recognition we received from organizations such as US News & World Report and Forrester for our excellent customer experience and member-centric approach. All-in, we are excited about the opportunity ahead. Turning to Medicaid, our track record of organic success in this space continues and we are pleased to recently announce that Humana has been recommended by the Oklahoma Healthcare Authority to deliver health care coverage to Medicaid beneficiaries across the states, which is anticipated to start in early to mid-2024. After successfully implementing the Ohio and Louisiana contracts in early 2023, we look forward to beginning to serve members in both Indiana and Oklahoma in 2024, bringing our total Medicaid footprint to nine states and approaching approximately 1.5 million members by year-end 2024. Now, moving to our CenterWell care delivery capabilities. We continue to expand our CenterWell Primary Care platform, now operating 250 centers serving 272,000 patients. Engaging and retaining patients is critical to driving improved health outcomes and advancing towards our $3 million contribution margin target in each center. We've seen improvement in both of these areas, with retention improving 220 basis points year-over-year, while the percent of patients that have been seen at least once as of June 30th increased from 78% in 2022 to 87% in 2023. Further, we remain on track to end the year at the high end of our previously-communicated annual center growth of 30 to 50 through a combination of de novo build and programmatic M&A. And I'm pleased with our progress our primary care organization is making to advance our clinical capabilities, driving operational efficiency, and implementing other actions that we believe will largely mitigate the ultimate impact of risk adjustment model changes that will be phased in over the next three years. In Home, we continue to accelerate our value-based strategy, now covering approximately 830,000 members of our MA members under a value-based payment model covering home health, DME and infusion services, and expect to expand this in 2024 and beyond as we are on track towards our goal of covering 40% of our MA members with a value-based model by 2025. We are seeing solid results from this model. In North Carolina, Virginia where the model was implemented in late 2022, CenterWell Home Health hospital admissions rates are approximately 210 basis points lower than other providers. In addition, our Home business also now manages DME spend under a value-based payment model for an additional 4.5 million Humana MA members, delivering incremental value to our insurance segment. We expect positive enterprise value creation from the value-based home health model in 2023, and remain on target to drive $110 million to $150 million of annual enterprise value creation by 2025. Within CenterWell Pharmacy, we continue to advance our clinical capabilities and are seeing a year-over-year increase in adherence measures. We've seen an increase in adherence to hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, medications ranging from 20 to 30 basis points year-over-year, which helps Stars and clinical outcome measures. Across these three categories, we continue to see that Humana members who utilize CenterWell pharmacy have fewer inpatient admits per 1,000 as compared to non-CenterWell pharmacy users. In addition our CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy demonstrates improved patients outcomes by driving longer therapy durations on higher adherence levels. As an example, patients in the oncology center of excellence have a 1.8 times longer duration and a 200 basis points better adherence than patients not engaged with the Center of Excellence. Expansion of our CenterWell assets complement the integration of our individual health service businesses in local markets, which will create further value for our shareholders and for our customers. Before turning it over to Susan, I'd like to give a brief update on the integration work we currently have underway. Our belief is we can deliver greater member and patient satisfaction, retention and clinical outcome for these members. This is based on our ability to further integrate clinical and operational workflows while delivering a more seamless experience for our common members and patients. As an example, we estimate drug costs, review planned benefits and screen for patient assistance programs for members in our wholly-owned centers. In addition, our CenterWell Home Health and Primary Care teams review high-risk patients and collaborate on a more comprehensive care plan, prioritizing health-related concerns that go beyond the original home health orders, greatly reducing risk of complications and unnecessary ER visits and avoidable admissions. The primary care physician, the social worker and home health nurse work in coordination with the health plan to take advantage of planned benefits to address health-related social needs like food, housing and security, transportation needs, and social isolation. We will continue to innovate and advance towards a more integrated clinical model that leverages our collective Humana and CenterWell capabilities to deliver improved experiences and health outcomes for our members. We are encouraged by the early results of our integration work, and are actively expanding our focused markets from two in 2022 to more than 20 by year-end. We look forward to sharing more on this important work going forward. In closing, I'd reiterate that Humana's fundamentals are strong, and we are confident in our ability to navigate through the near-term impacts of our higher-than-expected MA utilization while continuing to advance our strategy. And importantly, we remain committed to our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37, reflecting a 14% CAGR from 2022 to 2025. Our confidence in our ability to deliver on this compelling earnings growth target is supported by our impressive 2023 membership growth, strong MA positioning in 2024, consistent quality scores and continued growth and integration in CenterWell, all of which is complemented by our continued focus on productivity and disciplined capital deployment. With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce and good morning everyone. Today, we reported second quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $8.94, consistent with internal expectations. Results for the quarter are inclusive of the higher-than-anticipated utilization in our Medicare Advantage business we discussed last month, which as Bruce shared, has stabilized and is tracking in line with our updated estimates. I will provide additional detail on emerging trends in a moment. The higher-than-anticipated utilization in the quarter was offset by better-than-expected favorable prior year development, a more positive midyear Medicare risk adjustment payment and slightly favorable investment income, as well as other business outperformance, particularly in our Medicaid business. Our performance to date reflects the strength of the enterprise, highlights our ability to successfully navigate near-term uncertainty, and importantly, includes better-than-anticipated individual Medicare Advantage membership growth. We now expect to add approximately 825,000 members in 2023, reflecting an impressive 18% growth rate, fueling our ability to continue to deliver compelling earnings growth in the future. Further, for the full year, we have reaffirmed our adjusted EPS guidance of at least $28.25 which was increased by $0.25 with our first quarter earnings release and reflects a 12% increase over 2022, putting us on a solid path to our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37. I will now provide additional details on our second quarter performance and full year outlook, beginning with our Insurance segment. As highlighted in our 8-K filing last month, beginning in early May, we noted the emergence of higher-than-anticipated non-inpatient utilization trends in our Medicare Advantage business. At the same time, we began seeing higher-than-anticipated inpatient utilization diverging from historical seasonality patterns. These trends continued in early June. Based off of this intra-quarter information when we filed the 8-K on June 16th, we made the assumption that we would continue to experience moderately higher-than-expected trend for the remainder of the year. We were pleased to see that our June paid claims data received in July reflected positive restatements for the first quarter, as well as stabilizing outpatient utilization levels in April and May. While July claims data is not yet complete, early views support our year-to-date booking levels. With respect to inpatient activity, the higher than initially anticipated utilization has continued, consistent with our June update. All in, we view the utilization data received in recent weeks is incrementally positive as compared to the assumptions utilized in our June update. That said, we continue to point you to the top end of our full year Insurance segment benefit ratio guidance range of 86.3% to 87.3%, and will continue to monitor emerging trends. This guidance also contemplates the individual Medicare Advantage membership growth post the annual election period, which has included a higher-than-expected proportion of agents. As Bruce discussed, agents initially run a higher benefit expense ratio than the average new member, which negatively impacts the current year benefit ratio but results in a larger margin expansion opportunity on these members over time. As previously noted, we anticipate that the higher than originally expected benefit ratio in 2023 will be offset by a variety of factors, including higher-than-expected favorable prior year development, additional administrative expense reductions, higher than previously anticipated investment income and other business outperformance. And while we would typically not comment on 2024 this early in the year, given the questions in the market regarding pricing resulting from the higher-than-expected utilization in 2023, I would reiterate that our Medicare Advantage pricing contemplated the rate environment, emerging utilization trends and related offsets, as well as the competitive landscape and resulting growth opportunity. As we sit here today, we remain confident that our 2024 pricing, combined with the strength, scale and agility of the organization, will allow us to deliver earnings growth that keeps us on a reasonable trajectory to our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37. As a result, our intent is to target adjusted EPS growth within our historical long-term target range of 11% to 15% in 2024. We look forward to sharing more on 2024 later this year. Turning to Medicaid, the business continues to outperform with second quarter results exceeding expectations, driven by favorable membership results, combined with disciplined medical cost management initiatives and lower-than-expected utilization. Redeterminations, which began in the second quarter, are tracking slightly favorable to our initial expectations. In addition, the Louisiana and Ohio contracts, which were both implemented in the first quarter, are performing as anticipated. At this time, we continue to expect an increase of 25,000 to 100,000 Medicaid members for the full year as the membership gains in Louisiana and Ohio will be largely offset by membership losses resulting from redetermination. Membership in our stand-alone PDP business is tracking favorable to expectations, driven by better-than-anticipated retention. As a result, we've improved our full year guidance from down approximately 800, 000 to down approximately 700,000. Now turning to CenterWell. The segment has continued to build on a solid start to the year, performing modestly better than expected in the second quarter. Our Primary Care organization continues to report better-than-expected patient growth year-to-date, adding 10,000 patients or nearly 52% growth in our de novo centers and 12,000 patients in our more mature wholly-owned centers, representing 7% growth year-to-date. We now anticipate full year patient panel growth of approximately 27,000 to 30,000 as compared to our original estimate of 20,000 to 25,000 patients, more than doubling the patient growth achieved in 2022. In addition, our Primary Care organization continues to improve the operating performance in our wholly-owned centers, and we're pleased to report that we estimate we will increase the number of centers that are contribution margin positive from 110 at the end of 2022 to approximately 125 at year-end 2023, a 14% increase year-over-year. In addition, we expect to increase the number of centers that have reached our $3 million contribution margin target from 31 in 2022 to approximately 40 at the end of 2023, a compelling 30% increase year-over-year. While we do expect the risk model revision to have an impact on our center contribution margin performance in 2024, as Bruce shared, we are focused on advancing our clinical capabilities, driving operational efficiencies and implementing other actions that we believe will largely mitigate the ultimate impact of the risk adjustment model changes that will be phased in over the next three years. In the Home, total same-store new start of care admissions and our core fee-for-service home health business were up 5.8% year-over-year as of June 30th, in line with our expectations of mid-single-digit growth. In addition, in the quarter, we saw episodic admission growth of approximately 10% year-over-year, which is inclusive of the acquisition of Trilogy Health completed in April. While new start admission growth is strong, we continue to experience pressure on recertifications due to utilization management programs of Medicare Advantage payers. And as expected, our cost per visit continues to run approximately 2% higher year-over-year with continued nursing labor pressure. From a quality perspective, we have seen significant improvement in Star ratings for CenterWell Home Health over the last year, increasing the percent of our branches with a 4.5 star or above rating from 18% in January 2022 to 50% today. Further, as Bruce highlighted, we're seeing positive results as we continue expansion of our value-based home model, tracking towards our goal of covering 40% of our Medicare Advantage membership by 2025 while also expanding the stand-alone components in certain markets to accelerate value creation. Finally, our Pharmacy business performed well in the quarter, benefiting from higher-than-expected individual Medicare Advantage membership growth as well as favorable drug mix. As anticipated, year-to-date mail order penetration for our Medicare membership is 40 basis points lower than prior year as a result of retail pharmacy co-pays now largely being on par with mail order benefit. We continue to provide awareness and education of the benefits of mail order for a large block of new members to drive increased penetration throughout the year. Investment income slightly outperformed expectations in the quarter and we now anticipate that investment income will increase by approximately $500 million year-over-year, up from our original expectation of a $450 million year-over-year increase. From a capital deployment perspective, we initiated open market repurchases in March and have completed approximately $800 million in repurchases to-date, taking advantage of the recent dislocation in the stock price relative to our comments in the long-term earnings outlook of our business, underpinned by our strong Medicare Advantage platform and the continued build-out and integration of our CenterWell assets. We now expect share repurchases of approximately $1.5 billion in 2023, up from our original expectations of $1 billion. With our strong cash flows and decreasing debt-to-cap ratio, we've accelerated the share repurchase while maintaining sufficient capital for normal course M&A activity. Lastly, with respect to earnings seasonality, we expect the percentage of third quarter earnings to be approximately 25%. In addition, we expect the third quarter Insurance segment benefit expense ratio to be 87%, consistent with current consensus estimates, before increasing in the fourth quarter consistent with historical seasonality patterns. Before closing, I want to echo Bruce's sentiment that Humana's fundamentals are strong, and we are pleased with our ability to grow individual MA membership by 18% in 2023 while guiding to a robust 12% year-over-year in adjusted EPS. We are confident in our ability to leverage the strength and scale of the enterprise to navigate through the near-term impacts of the higher-than-expected Medicare Advantage utilization while continuing to advance our strategy. And importantly, we remain committed to our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37, reflecting a 14% CAGR from 2022 to 2025. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen Baxter: Yes. Hi, thanks. Appreciate all the color, a lot to digest there. So the commentary on 2024 bids was very helpful. It sounds like, at least to my hearing, that the higher trend that you see in MA persists for the balance of the year, you believe your bids would fully reflect that. Just making sure we have that point right. And then obviously in June, you did talk about some pretty significant operating cost offsets that you expected will allow you to deliver on EPS this year despite the higher MLR. I guess how do we think about these potential cost offsets into next year? Are those still largely an opportunity for you if you need them as an offset? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Stephen. So to your first question, in terms of 2024, we are assuming that the higher trend that we've seen in 2023 will continue into 2024. So that is contemplated in our current commentary. I would say that as we said in our June commentary, we did -- when we saw the emerging trends, we did not fully embed and make a change reflective of the higher trend we were estimating at that time in our bid. And there's a variety of reasons for that, as we said. If the emerging trend would continue to persist, there would be other assumptions that you would want to revisit in terms of whether there's risk adjustment offsets, did your view of claim trend incrementally in 2024 change in light of that higher trend. So for a variety of reasons, we were clear that we did not fully embed that into the 2024. Also recognizing that we do continue to believe there is a disproportionate growth opportunity in 2024, and wanted to make sure that we were positioned to take advantage of that for it to occur. As we've continued to evaluate trends relative to what we saw in June, as we said today, we are more confident in our estimates going into 2024 and able to evaluate our pricing actions now that we've seen stabilizing trends. So that's certainly a positive. We've also done a lot of work over the last number of weeks to assess and what is that impact on 2024, and how do we feel about other available levers and assumptions. And based on everything we know today, we wanted to affirm in our commentary that we do feel confident in our ability to deliver an EPS progression in 2024 that's consistent with our historical range, knowing that that was a question that was raised in June based on our intra-quarter commentary. So, we do feel comfortable with that. In terms of 2023, as we described, there are a number of offsets to the higher trend we're seeing this year. Some favorable prior year development, investment income, and certainly administrative expense reductions. Some of those things will certainly carry forward into next year. Admin, as an example, will be a continued positive relative to what we would have expected at the time of pricing as well as likely investment income. Some of the prior period development we would view as more onetime this year and so not necessarily carrying forward into next year. But based on everything we have visibility to right now, as we said, we feel comfortable that in 2024, we will be able to deliver that earnings progression and EPS progression consistent with our historical targeted range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Thanks, hi everybody. Thanks for the comments about the retention with the aging population. It seems like to me, a key factor in the next couple of years, hitting ultimately your 2025 target is the retention of all these members you've gotten this year and then whether the progression you normally see and profitability plays out. Can you just sort of remind us historically what the trend is, A, on retention? And B, on how the profits step-up over time? And do you think there's any reason on this population you've added this year when either of those metrics might be different than normal?
Bruce Broussard: Good morning A.J. I'll take the first part, maybe Susan can take the profit trajectory. On the retention area, I think as we've talked on a number of calls over the last few years, we've spent a lot of effort in improving the retention and we really look at it in a few areas. First is just in the benefit design. It's an important area where people will focus on and as -- both this year is a demonstration of that. But I think, I'm pretty sure, it's where we've really been able to design our benefits for the segments that we want to continue to grow and retain. And that, I think, is an important area where we'll continue going forward. And as we've mentioned on a number of occasions, we feel very confident about our positioning for 2024. The second is in the area of our experience and our customer experience, both in the service area and then, obviously, in the claims management area that we have. And as you can see from our Net Promoter Score and the continued accolades we get from third-parties that we have -- are leading the industry in all those areas. And that we've seen also, referring back to the brokers where they feel confident in both recommending us as a result of our benefits, but also recommending us as a result of our service side. Because they have told us on a few occasions that their confidence is less in some of our competitors as a result of recommending a plan and then ultimately, not being able to service that plan. And so I would just end by saying our benefit design is really important and that's more segment-specific. And then secondarily, the service experience that we provide and the ability to continue to do that both in a positive way from the customer point of view, but also from an efficient way.
Susan Diamond: Hi A.J. To add to what Bruce said on the retention, we have commented historically that we do see typically higher disenrollment rates in the earlier years of tenure, particularly year one and two. So, the longer we retain that book, as you said, should provide some incremental benefit. So, last -- the 2023 high growth and if we're able to see high growth again in 2024 as we continue to see that block mature, hopefully, in the outer years, you will start to see some of that incremental improvement as we retain that book longer. As Bruce commented in his comments about the agent, that is, I would say, incrementally positive because we do see that earlier tenure years, they do retain at a higher rate if we get them their initial eligibility versus subsequently. So that, I would say, is incrementally positive as well relative to our historical. On the profit progression, what we typically said is it takes about three years for either an agent or a -- other new member to reach mature contribution margin. Agents start much lower, obviously, because of the risk adjustment and reimbursement dynamics there, and so there's a larger opportunity for expansion over that three-year time frame. But we consider, in the aggregate, the new member cohort to take about three years. So, for the agent block, it's usually disproportionately in the second year of retention because they need about 18 months of Medicare claims activity before they convert to full diagnosis-based risk adjustment. So we should see a positive impact from that in 2025 for the higher agents we get in 2023, and then incrementally from there as well.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Okay. Our next question will come from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First, just, Bruce, I appreciate your commentary on 2024 in expecting a strong industry growth, and you outperform it. Can you give us a little more color there in terms of the -- maybe relative to the, let's say, 7% to 8% we think the industry is going to grow this year? How do you think it grows next year? And then any early commentary on 2025 Stars? I know you've gotten a bunch of data there. I know it's still not perfect, but any thoughts on how your 2025 Star performance is shaping up going into October? It would be helpful, too. Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: And in regards to just the industry growth rate, Justin, I would say we still feel confident that it's going to be like historical years. We see the demographics continuing in the aging side. We see the value proposition continuing to maintain a fairly healthy difference between MA and Medicare fee-for-service. And then third, we do see segments like the duals as being underpenetrated. And we believe that as we progress into a higher penetration into the industry, we'll continue to see other segments being highly penetrated. You've seen this year in our results that agents are starting to become more and more part of that. And so we do see the growth continuing, and we are confident that we'll see that for the foreseeable future. Relative to Stars, it is an early -- it's -- we haven't got all our results, but we feel pretty good about where we stand as a result of what we see preliminarily. Obviously, we haven't seen the comparative measurements and how you stack up with the industry, but I would say that we feel pretty good about our existing analysis.
Justin Lake: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Nathan Rich: Hi, good morning. Thanks a lot for the questions. I wanted to ask about how you believe your kind of benefits will compare to the market overall? Obviously, you're coming off of a year where you significantly increased benefits for 2023. What does that look like for 2024? And I know it's early, but it would be helpful if -- to get your sense of how you're thinking about margins for the insurance segment in 2024, given the moving pieces with utilization, the risk and risk model change of your redeterminations? Any kind of early view would be great. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the benefit side, and I'll let Susan discuss the margin side. On the benefits, we -- as I mentioned, we have really been thoughtful around how do we adjust the benefits appropriately considering the funding that's in the marketplace and as a result of the reduction and -- from the latest rate notice. And so we've tried to really do a significant amount of research around where are the priorities for the Medicare beneficiaries and what do they value most by particular segments, whether that's in the military, whether that's duals, whether that's agents, et cetera. And we feel really good about that research and feel that we are going to come out with a value proposition that is going to meet the mark for each of those segments, considering the funding side. And as you can see in our commentary, we made a comment about that we did increase premium plans this year and coverage more. We felt that that was a really important benefit that people are looking for. And in addition, in our duals population, we continue to ensure that we are providing the ample amount of support for supplemental benefits, because we do find that lifestyle is an important part of them to continue to improve their health outcomes. Relative to our competitors, we've gotten an early view on it. It's always the most positive view, and we feel we're in a good position. And I just want to remind everyone, last year, we weren't the cheapest in every market. What we find with our brand, our relationships with our brokers, our quality scores, our experience, and our Star scores specifically, we find that we compete when we are within shouting distance between the various different plans. So, we don't have to lead the industry in every benefit. We have to be close. And what we see when we do that as a result of our stability of our platform that we are able to take a significant amount of the market share there. So, benefits are important, but I would just emphasize, we've never pride ourselves on being the cheapest. We want to be in the range where it's competitive and people are having to make a decision between a few plans, but we always went out a result of the quality and the ability to service our members.
Susan Diamond: And one thing I would add to that too as you think about 2024, as Bruce mentioned, some of the competitors do have incremental pressure from Stars. And so what we've consistently heard is there will likely be some area of focus for certain competitors. Duals is a great example where a few have indicated that they will put their focus and potentially make some investment there. What's interesting about that is, as we commented in 2023, we, for a number of years, have lagged the industry in non-dual growth but outperformed on duals, which allowed us on the overall average to be in line or better than the industry. The non-dual population is the much larger population, and so the ground we made up in 2023 and our ability to outpace the market in non-dual growth, we were particularly excited about and want to make sure that we maintained into 2024. And I think based on what we're hearing and seeing, we feel very optimistic about how we're positioned. And we've also seen and heard positive feedback from the brokers, which we've previewed some of our 2024 changes with as well. So that -- all of that speaks to some optimism for 2024. On your question about 2024 margins, it's really too early to give that type of commentary. Typically, we will give you a little bit more commentary on our third quarter call. As I said in my comments, we did think it was important though, in light of the emerging experience and commentary this year, to give confidence over where we thought we would be from an overall perspective and our confidence that we will deliver against our historical range to make sure that that wasn't in question. But there are a number of things that we'll have to evaluate as we think about 2024. Detailed estimates, the level of membership growth certainly in 2024 is a big one. As we've said, we do think there is an opportunity for potential disproportionate growth, and so the composition of that between agents, switchers as well as retention will be an important consideration. And then obviously, as we continue to evaluate these emerging trends and whether they sustain or further moderate will be an important input as well. So, certainly look forward to sharing more, but wanted to reinforce our confidence in our ability to deliver progression in 2024 consistent with our historic targeted growth rate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Would be interested if you could give us an update on how you're approaching coverage of the Alzheimer's drugs and the emerging therapies, there for 2024? And then just some preliminary thoughts on sort of how you may be factoring that into your bids and into expected MA costs for 2024? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So we will certainly follow sort of CMS coverage determinations in terms of what and when and for what label use that we have to cover. As we went into our thinking for 2024, we did have a point of view that we would have some costs related to the continued launch of Alzheimer's treatment, so we do have pricing in our bids. I would say, based on the team's latest assessments, we feel comfortable with what we've priced for 2024. There's been a lot of questions about whether the drugs would trip the significant cost policy. Based on our estimates, you have to hit about $1 PMPM of sort of expense discipline level to be able to trip that. And right now, we don't think we will get to that level across the industry in spend, but certainly something to continue to watch. So I'd say we have contemplated in 2024 pricing, and based on what we're seeing so far, we feel comfortable that that's not a material headwind.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is open.
Steve Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So I guess just regarding the elevated Medicare cost trend for the second quarter and then thinking about some of the potential moderation in the back half of 2023, can you just remind us whether or not there's any major levers you can and have proactively pulled midyear to just better contain the elevated Medicare cost for the back half of the year, either on prior authorization policies or just other coverage factors? Or are the 2023 trends really more just serendipitous at this stage? You just have to wait essentially until 2024 to make any material changes to either better control costs or adjust pricing benefit design, et cetera? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Steve. I would say at this point, in terms of what we're thinking in the second half trends, we are assuming that those trends continue and do not moderate. There's some seasonality differences in just workday seasonality year-over-year that we certainly take into account, but from a normalized basis, we were anticipating that those trends continue and are not mitigated by any actions or levers we might take. I would say on the broader medical cost trend, I would say there's probably not a lot that, at least to date, that we would identify that we would be able to do in response that could mitigate that. On the dental side, which we have commented on, which is we think more Humana-specific, there are a few things we are looking at in terms of coverage to make sure that we've got the appropriate controls in place, but I would say that would not be a material factor, I'm thinking about how we're thinking about the trend for the year. The main lever that I would say that we're relying on internally to offset some of the elevated trend in the back half of the year is more administrative expense savings. We have asked the organization to find additional opportunities, and that's largely informed by some of the ongoing productivity work that we've been viewing that highlights that there are some additional opportunities. And I would say relative to what we considered in our original plan for the year, those extra admin savings will be disproportionately benefiting the back half of the year. Whereas the first half of the year, the elevated trend had the benefit of things like prior year development that we would say is going to disproportionately benefit the first half versus the back half.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ha with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Ha: Thank you. Appreciate all the commentary and talking from 2024 and 2025. Just quickly, first, did you mention you expect to maintain the same level of non-dual growth rate in 2024 as you saw in 2023? And then quickly on 2025, is it fair to say basically whatever happens in 2024 in costs from -- even if it does run slightly high, that as long as you're able to capture that in next June's bids, then $37 is still well on track for 2025? And I'd imagine maybe even stronger if you're able to capture more growth, market share in 2024 because you're carrying a larger base of that main line that will see that year one to year two profitability ramp?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I mean you're thinking is consistent with what we're thinking on a few things. I think first, as we look at how we've adjusted our benefits in 2024, we continue to orient the zero premium plan, and we've seen agents be oriented to that, so that is an area where we continue to see that agents, that percentage, and we're anticipating probably a good level of growth. Now, I won't get into the percentage between agents and non-agents there, but we do anticipate that. And as Susan articulated, we also see margin expansion happening in the book that's coming in 2023 to 2024 and continuing on to 2025. So, we do have this ability to have a step improvement in each of those areas. And then when you think about just the market in general and the growth of being able to do this, we're very optimistic about the growth, as I mentioned before, with Justin on the growth of it. Susan, do you have anything that you would like to add to that?
Susan Diamond: Yes, I would say on the question about the non-dual growth, I do think the ground we made in 2023 that we will continue into 2024. And frankly, based on some of the preliminary information we are hearing from competitors and the focus on duals, maybe we'll be even a little bit better positioned if that wasn't as much of a focus for some others. So, I do think that's positive. On the pricing for 2025, as you said, we always -- if there's some residual trend where we are able to offset that in 2024 with something that's non-recurring, we would always have the pricing lever if we should need it. But our hope and plan would be to find durable offsets that would continue and prevent us from having to take further pricing action. But that is certainly always an option. In terms of the progression, and to your point, the higher growth certainly is positive in supporting our trajectory to 2025. I will say the one thing we'll have to continue to evaluate, though, is the impact of the risk model recalibration and then obviously, the rate book in 2025. And we know that we'll have those cuts phased in over three years, and so our goal would be to try to offset as much of that as we can and minimize further beneficiary impacts, although there's likely to be some. So, that's the one, I would say, caveat is we'll have to evaluate that as it comes out and then the overall puts and takes that we always have to consider in 2025 pricing and balancing continued strong membership growth, but also delivering the EPS progression that's needed to hit the $37 and then continue to perform at a strong durable rate beyond that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gary Taylor from Cowen. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Most of my big-picture questions answered, so I'll just dive into a couple of the details. One, I wondered if you could just talk about the source of the stronger PYD, if that's been outpatient ambulatory or perhaps just kind of final inpatient acuity? And then secondly, Susan, you mentioned the sweep revenue at 2Q being higher than it usually is. I just wondered if you could speak to the materiality of that? I don't think I've ever heard you talk about that much before. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Gary. On the PYD, I don't know that we've historically given a lot of detailed drivers. And I would say it's -- there's not a single sort of primary driver of that that I would call out, so more broad-based. I would say one item is that we do -- we talked about last year that we took a more conservative posture to year-end reserving, and so that certainly would unwind over the course of the first half of the year as that proves -- as those claims ultimately mature. I would say, as we looked at the experience, we have acknowledged and seen that just internally, our seasonality models we think overstated our sort of expectation of claims trend in the fourth quarter, particularly in the month of December, and then fully account for sort of work day differences or the impact of holiday differences in the day and the week they fall. So, I would say we've seen somewhat consistently that December 2022 was more conservative than we would have thought at year-end, and we saw some of that emerge and release through the first half of the year. In terms of Q2 revenue, as I said in my comments, part of the reason the MLR was a little bit more favorable relative to the commentary we gave intra-quarter was the fact that we did see some positive mid-year risk adjustment payment, which would have been booked in the second quarter. I think from an overall perspective, from an annual basis, you wouldn't consider it material. And in the absence of some of this higher trend probably wouldn't be something we have even called out, but given the previous commentary on MLR, wanted to provide some transparency to the fact that there were some puts and takes that offset the higher pressure. And we were pleased to see some slightly higher midyear payment, which again, is probably to some degree reflected the higher trend too as those additional -- that was probably emerging partly last year in that book as well.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I guess I'm just trying to understand that build up to the 2024 EPS growth in line with your 11% to 15% long-term targets. I understand you're growing 18% membership this year, and that will mature a little bit next year. But I'd assume if your pricing for benefit changes to take market share when competitors are vulnerable, and I totally get the strategy plus the impact of the risk model changes that it would be hard to expand margins on the rest of the book. So what am I missing? What are the positive drivers to EPS for next year?
Susan Diamond: Well, certainly, Josh, as we thought about 2024 intent all along, would have been to deliver against that needed progression to get to a reasonable trajectory to deliver on the $37.25. So that would have always been the intent. I think as we've seen some of the higher claims emerge this year, and we've further evaluated that as well as how the estimates are developing for next year, today, I thought it was important to convey confidence that we will -- we still continue to believe that we can deliver in that range. So, I would say that was the intent all along and as the enterprise book is performed and we thought about the membership growth opportunity. Because you were already advantaged coming into 2024 in terms of obviously how well we were positioned in 2023 and the lack of the Stars headwind for us going into next year, we always had a point of view that relative to others, we would have less benefaction to take and still be really well-positioned and also still deliver on the needed earnings and EPS progression. So, that's always been the plan, and we felt really good about that going into our planning. The higher outpatient and overall trend is the new development that we've spent a lot of time working through the last number of weeks to make sure that we continue to be confident that we're in a similar position and have the ability to navigate through that, which we do believe.
Bruce Broussard: Hey Josh, maybe a few other things. If you remember at the Investor Day, we really broke down our earnings growth into a few areas where our core business was going to grow. And then in addition, where we were going to grow from productivity and from capital deployment there. And capital deployment and productivity were close to 4% of our growth with the growth of the core business, making up the 10% or so. What we see this year is we're going to -- or next year, we anticipate growing probably a little more on the productivity side as a result of just some of the initiatives that we see that are really showing some good results, and us continuing to scrutinize where we feel that we're not spending that appropriately there. And then on top of that, you mentioned a little bit about the rate notice. We price for the rate notice. I mean we incorporated that in the price, so as we look at the benefits, they will not be as rich as they've been in the past as a result of us having to reflect the impact of the rate notice and that is the third. And we -- as Susan was articulating in the previous question, we have two more years that we'll have to incorporate it in there. So, I would say that, to answer your question specifically, you see the benefit of our growth this year showing up in 2024, and we anticipate that same benefit growing -- showing up in 2025 as a result of both 2023 growth and 2024. Our focus on productivity gain greater than 2% and our capital deployment being there. And then our other businesses are showing good results, too.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Windley: Hi thanks. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask a question on trend on a couple of different axes. One is kind of the geographic breadth of the higher trend that you've seen. Does it have any regionality to it? And then secondly, is it concentrated mostly in the non-dual population? Or is this also present or apparent in the duals population? I'm kind of thinking about as you're -- as you set up for growth in 2024, do you have preferences about where that growth might come from either by type of member or by region of the country? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hey David. Start with your first question on the medical cost trend, I would say it is not concentrated, it's pretty broad-based. The one thing we have commented on though, which again, we think is more Humana-specific, the dental -- higher dental trends, those are a bit more concentrated, and that's more reflective of just where the product offerings, we call it the allowance plans where there's just an overall dollar of funding that the beneficiaries can use towards those dental benefits. That tended to be more of an offering inside the Florida markets, and so you do see some concentration on just that one dental element. But the broader medical cost trend, I would say we haven't seen any real concentrations. On the more population-based dual, non-dual, I would take in generally broad-based. Although I would say in general, the deals are performing better relative to non-duals. They're still seeing some pressure, but the risk adjustment and the revenue dynamics offset some of that. And so I'd say, the non-duals are performing a little bit worse than the duals. I would say, consistent to what we've said before, we continue to see, though, is the broader medical cost pressure is more non-risk-based concentrated versus risk providers. The risk providers are not seeing as much of it, which -- and our minds makes a bit more sense because in general, they do a better job managing some of that outpatient spend just by definition. And so we are seeing on the broader medical cost more in the non-risk space. The dental, again, because of where it's located, that actually is disproportionately risk based, and so we do get some offset there because of DIR fees that we're typically offering that coverage.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Just wanted to kind of clarify. I mean, I guess when you guys provided that initial $37 number for 2025, you were thinking you're going to grow below average this year. And given just how strong you're growing this year and I guess it looks like another year of above-average growth for next year, are you going to be at your membership -- your initial membership thoughts for 2025 next year so that you don't really need to grow membership in 2025 at all to kind of puts you on track for that $37 number? And then I guess, to think about there's been a lot of concern about trend and whether you need to reprice and what that could mean for growth in a given year. It sounds to me like what you're saying, and based upon I guess we've seen over two-thirds of the industry report and talk about higher trend too, it doesn't sound like you think anything you're seeing here is company-specific. That if there is a need to reprice to elevated trend at the industry need, not a Humana-specific need that would impact your competitive positioning at all? I just want to make sure I understand that dynamic as you think about how you might need to reprice or think about repricing over the next couple of years to higher trend. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Kevin, yes. So on the membership, we are certainly outpacing what we would have anticipated underlying the $37 target. As you said, we were anticipating lower than -- slightly lower than industry growth in 2023, anticipating it would take us two years to get back to the industry growth rate. So, that really strong growth this year is certainly positive, and our hope is that we can have a repeat performance in 2024. So that would all be positive, and we should certainly outperform the membership growth that was contemplated. Our goal though, as we said, is we're not going to take our foot off the gas, so we will continue to strive to position ourselves to sustain industry growth rate or better on a sustained basis going forward, given the beneficial impact of that from a lifetime value perspective and importance in supporting a durable, strong continued EPS growth trajectory as well. On the trend question, as you said, other than the dental, which we've talked about as being more Humana-specific and where you will see us having made some benefit adjustments in 2024 and maybe potentially some additional in 2025 as we continue to watch that emerge. The broader medical cost trend, we do believe, is consistent with what everyone else has been saying. I do think there's some maybe timing differences and when different companies thought and to what degree they reflected it in 2024 pricing. And so I think, ultimately, though, if there is any residual price action that we feel we want to take in light of what we're seeing in 2025, to your point, we would not expect that to put us in an outlier position relative to others. Although it may be that some others have already taken more than we have, and it's just a matter of catching up. But we would say that it is an industry issue, and ultimately, to the degree it needs to be priced for would not create any competitive advantage or disadvantage because it seems fairly consistent across the competitor set.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no other questions. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Bruce Broussard for any closing comments.
Bruce Broussard: Right. Well, again, I would thank everyone for your support and your participation today. And like always, we want to thank our 70,000 teammates in being able to -- for us to be as successful as we are and being able to report the earnings we have. So, thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Humana's First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 223 results and our financial outlook for 2023. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analyst. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our first quarter 2023 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. All participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any reference to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana reported financial results for the first quarter of 2023, reflecting a strong start to the year. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter of $9.38 was above our initial expectations, with outperformance seen to date underpinned by strong membership growth and favorable inpatient utilization trends in our individual Medicare Advantage business. All other lines of business are performing as expected or slightly positive, further contributing to our strong quarter. Based off the strength of our performance to date, we've increased our full year adjusted EPS guidance by $0.25 to at least $28.25. Susan will share additional detail on our first quarter performance and full year expectations in a moment. I'll now provide an update on our operations and outlook. Our unwavering commitment to the advancement of our strategy and growth in our core businesses evident in our industry-leading Medicare Advantage growth, ongoing organic success in Medicaid, recent TRICARE contract award and continued expansion of our CenterWell assets. I'll touch on the recent progress made in each of these areas, starting with Medicare Advantage. The targeted investments we made in benefits, marketing and distribution for 2023 have continued to drive success post the Annual Election Period, or AEP, leading to our current individual Medicare Advantage membership growth estimate of at least 775,000 for the full year, an impressive 17% growth year-over-year. The favorable trend seen in AEP have continued into the Open Enrollment Period, or OEP, with strong growth in the D-SNP space where we've added 113,000 members as of March 31, representing a growth of 17% year-over-year. And notably, we've continued to see impressive growth in the larger non-D-SNP space, adding 474,000 members as of March 31, reflecting a compelling 12% year-over-year growth in non-D-SNP membership. In addition, growth in states with robust or growing value-based provider penetration remained strong. We have grown membership nearly 13% year-to-date in Texas, Georgia, Florida and Illinois, which are highly penetrated value-based markets. Importantly, the growth we're experiencing in 2023 continues to be high quality with better-than-expected retention, where we've now seen a 300 basis point improvement year-over-year compared to our initial expectation of 100 basis point improvement. In addition, we continue to see a higher percent of our new sales reflecting members switching from competitors than originally anticipated. We previously shared that 50% of our new sales in AEP reflected members switching from competitor plans. We've been pleased to see this trend continue in OEP. We are proud of the impressive membership growth achieved in 2023 and, with our strong fundamentals and best-in-class quality, we believe we are well positioned to grow at or above high single digits in the future. Turning to Medicaid. We have successfully implemented the Louisiana and Ohio contracts in the first quarter, adding 215,000 members as of March 31, and growing our total membership to greater than 1.3 million across seven states. Looking forward to 2024, our Medicaid business will add another state to our national portfolio. In March, Indiana announced its intent to award Humana's statewide contract for its new pathways for aging Medicaid program, which is now expected to go live July 2024. Our Indiana health plan will serve elderly and disabled Medicaid enrollees, including integrated care for dual eligibles enrolled across Humana's Indiana Medicaid plan and our Medicare D-SNP. Humana led all bidders with the highest score in the Indiana RFP, leveraging our local Medicare performance and national dual program capabilities, including 28,000 Indiana D-SNP members in 4-star plans. We are proud of our success in Medicaid to-date and anticipate continued investment to grow our platform organically and actively work towards procuring additional awards in priority states, with RFPs currently active in two states. In addition, Humana's largest Medicaid contract is up for bid, as Florida will begin [reprocuring] (ph) its statewide Medicaid program with awards expected by year-end. Humana has decades of strong Medicaid performance in Florida and we believe we are well prepared for this highly competitive procurement. In our military business, we are pleased to be awarded the next managed care support contract for the TRICARE East Region by the Defense Health Agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the sixth TIRCARE contract Humana Military has secured since 1996. Under the terms of the award, Humana's military service area will cover approximately 4.6 million beneficiaries in a region consisting of 24 states and Washington DC. We are honored to have been selected to continued serving military service members, retirees and their families. Our CenterWell portfolio, comprising primary care, home and pharmacy, continues to see strong growth. As the largest senior-focused value-based primary care platform in the U.S., we now operate a total of 249 centers, serving 266,000 patients, including 207,000 across our wholly-owned and de novo portfolios, and nearly 59,000 patients served through our IPA relationships. This represents 16% growth in center count and 11% growth in patients served year-over-year. We remain on track to end the year at the high end of our previously communicated annual center growth of 30 to 50 through a combination of de novo build and programmatic M&A. And with over 17,000 new patients year-to-date, patient growth for 2023 is trending ahead of previous expectations and significantly higher than the 3,900 patients added for the same period in 2022. Within home solutions, the rollout of our value-based care model continues as planned, now covering over 815,000 Medicare Advantage members with full value-based model, inclusive of coordinating care and optimizing spend across home health, DME and infusion. This represents an increase of greater than 200% year-over-year, driven by expansion in Virginia and North Carolina in the fourth quarter of last year. Under this model, our home health utilization management program drives appropriate levels of care without compromising clinical outcomes. As a result, in Virginia and North Carolina, we have experienced a 600 basis point reduction in recertification rates on episodic contracts across all home health providers. CenterWell Home Health represents more than 30% of home health episodes in these states, compared to a national average of approximately 20% across geographies where CenterWell Home Health and Humana Health Plans have geographic overlap. In North Carolina and Virginia, CenterWell Home Health emergency room and hospital readmission rates are approximately 60 basis points and more than 150 basis points lower than other providers, respectively. In addition, we are covering a total of 1.8 million of our Medicare managed members with the standalone home health utilization management and network management capabilities across multiple geographies. We are seeing early success with these standalone capabilities reducing our network utilization by 200 basis points, while improving recertification rate on episodic contracts by nearly 1,000 basis points year-to-date. Finally, as recently announced, following a strategic review, we determined that our employer group commercial medical business was no longer positioned to sustainably meet the needs of our commercial members over the long term or support the company's long-term strategic plans. Our decision to exit this business augments Humana's ability to focus resources on our greatest opportunity for growth and where we can deliver industry-leading value for our members, customers and shareholders. It is in line with our strategy to focus our health plan offerings on public private partnerships and specialty businesses, while advancing our leadership position in integrated value-based care, including expanding our CenterWell healthcare service capabilities. Before turning it over to Susan, I'd like to briefly touch on 2024. We'd like to thank CMS for their thoughtful engagement throughout the rate setting process, demonstrating their ongoing support for the Medicare Advantage program. We are pleased CMS adopted a three-year phase-in and the risk model changes in the 2024 rate notice, which serves to mitigate the impact of unattended consequences to beneficiaries resulting from these changes. The final rate notice for 2024 reflects a decrease of approximately 112 basis points for the industry. We expect the impact on Humana to be a decrease of approximately 23 basis points with improvement versus the industry largely driven by our industry-leading Star's performance. Looking forward, we believe the industry will continue to see strong growth. Medicare Advantage products have seen a steady rise in their consumer value proposition, offering key benefits that are not covered by fee-for-service Medicare, including benefits focused on closing barriers to care, such as rides to the doctor, and deep focus on coordinating care for those with chronic illnesses. Medicare Advantage beneficiaries save more than $2,400 annually and 95% of enrollees are satisfied with their healthcare quality. The strength of the program is reflected by the nearly 32 million seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage, but the penetration now at approximately 49%. In addition, we have seen the industry grow nicely through a negative rate environment in the past. Despite unfavorable rates in seven of eight years between 2010 and 2017, Medicare Advantage penetration increased from 25% to 35% over this period. We firmly believe the Medicare Advantage program will remain a compelling value proposition for seniors and expect Humana will be well positioned to remain an industry leader in 2024 and beyond. We will provide more specific thoughts on 2024 in the coming months post completion of the competitive bidding process. In closing, we are pleased with the solid start to the year, which reflects high-quality fundamentals and execution across the enterprise and positions as well on our pathway towards our mid-term adjusted EPS target of $37.00 in 2025. We look forward to providing additional updates on our performance and progress towards our mid- and long-term targets throughout the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. We've continued our strong start to the year, today reporting first quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $9.38, above our internal and consensus estimates. Our performance to-date shows solid execution across the enterprise and, importantly, reflects better-than-anticipated membership growth and favorable inpatient utilization trends for both our new and existing membership in our individual Medicare Advantage business, allowing us to raise our full year adjusted EPS guidance by $0.25 to at least $28.25. I will now provide additional details on our first quarter performance and full year outlook, beginning with our Insurance segment. As a reminder, in late February, we increased our full year individual Medicare Advantage membership growth estimate by 150,000 members to at least 775,000, but did not adjust our other detailed guidance points prior to issuing updated guidance today. With that in mind, revenue for the quarter exceeded initial expectations, driven by the better-than-expected membership growth. Individual Medicare Advantage PMPMs were in line with expectations, increasing 3.4% year-over-year, which is lower than our expected mid-single digit full year yield due to the 2% sequestration relief in effect during the first quarter of 2022. Turning to claims trend. First, I would remind you that we assume normalized trend for 2023 and expect the provider labor capacity to improve modestly throughout the year. In addition, our original guidance anticipated lower flu levels for the first quarter of 2023, given cases peaked in December, which was offset by assumed higher flu costs for the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, total medical costs in our Medicare Advantage business ran slightly favorable to expectations. We experienced lower-than-anticipated inpatient utilization for both new and existing members. While non-inpatient claims are less complete, early indicators suggest trends are in line with expectations. All in, we are pleased with the early performance of our Medicare Advantage business. Our Medicaid business performed in line with expectations in the first quarter. The Louisiana and Ohio contracts successfully went live on January 1 and February 1, respectively, adding approximately 215,000 Medicaid members as of March 31. Early indicators show performance tracking as anticipated in both markets. At this time, we continue to expect an increase of 25,000 to 100,000 Medicaid members for the full year, as the membership gains in Louisiana and Ohio will be largely offset by membership losses resulting from redetermination beginning in May. Finally, our stand-alone PDP and specialty benefits businesses are also tracking in line with expectations to-date. For the full year, we have updated our consolidated adjusted revenue expectations to a range of $100.7 billion to $102.7 billion, while updating our Insurance segment adjusted revenue expectations to a range of $97.5 billion to $99 billion. These changes reflect the removal of the employer group commercial medical business results, which are being adjusted out for non-GAAP reporting purposes, partially offset by the impact of our previously announced increased individual Medicare Advantage membership growth estimates for the full year of at least 775,000 members. From a benefit ratio perspective, we reaffirmed our full year Insurance segment guidance range of 86.3% to 87.3%. As previously shared, we expect the additional 150,000 member growth to impact the benefit ratio by approximately 10 basis points. As a result, we continue to be comfortable with our previous guidance range, but now anticipate the full year benefit expense ratio to be biased towards the upper half of the range, which is consistent with the majority of annual assessments today. As a reminder, the exit of the employer group commercial medical business is not expected to impact our full year benefit ratio expectations. Finally, with respect to operating cost ratio, we have provided consolidated adjusted operating cost ratio guidance of 11.3% to 12.3%. The 30 basis point reduction from the GAAP ratio is reflective of the exit of the employer group commercial medical business which carries a higher operating cost ratio. Before moving to CenterWell, I would like to take a moment to address the days in claims payable, or DCP, metric. While DCP is a metric that is often referenced as an indicator of reserve strength and earnings quality, it's important to keep in mind that DCPs can fluctuate in any given period due to items that are not reflective of claim reserve levels and may not have an impact on the current period income statement. As an example, the seasonality of net pharmacy expense, including reinsurance, is impacted by the phasing of coverage responsibility under Part D. Net pharmacy expense varies by quarter and does not have a corresponding reserve impact as pharmacy claims are largely paid in real time, resulting in a disproportionate impact to the DCP metric. This dynamic is the primary driver of our sequential DCP change. Net pharmacy expense is increasing nearly $2 billion from the fourth quarter of 2022 to the first quarter of 2023 due to the coverage responsibility being more heavily weighted to the health plan at the start of the year without a corresponding increase in reserves. This is driving a 3.5 day decrease in our DCP sequentially. Normal course changes in provider capitation payables and the timing of inventory claims processing also caused fluctuations in DCPs without impacting the current period income statement and is the driver of the majority of the remaining 1.2 sequential decrease and the entirety of our 1.8 day year-over-year DCP decline. Our concentration in Medicare products and growing number of members and value-based care arrangements can cause these items to have a disproportionate impact on our DCP level at any point in time. We believe the trends in IBNR and membership serve as a better indicator of the consistency in our reserve methodology and relative strength of our claim reserves. As of March 31, sequential growth in IBNR trends closely to our growth in total Medicare Advantage membership over the same period at approximately 10.5%. Finally, I would reiterate that we are comfortable with the utilization patterns seen in our Insurance segment and more specifically our Medicare Advantage business to-date as reflected in our updated full year adjusted EPS guidance. Now turning to CenterWell. The segment had a solid start to the year, performing modestly better than expected in the first quarter. Our primary care organization reported better-than-expected patient growth year-to-date, adding 7,300 patients or nearly 38% growth in our de novo centers and 8,800 patients and our more mature wholly-owned centers, representing 5% growth year-to-date. We now anticipate full year patient panel growth of approximately 25,000 as compared to our previous estimate of 20,000 to 25,000 patients, representing a significant increase over patient growth of 13,000 in 2022. In addition, we added 14 centers in the quarter, including seven net centers added through acquisition, expanding our center count to 249. We are also pleased to share that 67% of new patients and 87% of our total patient panel have completed a first -- a visit in the first quarter compared to 58% and 83%, respectively, in the first quarter of last year. Patient engagement is a key driver of retention and improving clinical outcomes. Financial performance continues to be on track and we are pleased with the progress of our de novo centers as they mature through the J-curve. In the home, total new start of care admissions and our core fee-for-service home health business were up 7.1% year-over-year for the first quarter, in line with our expectations of mid-single digit growth. However, we continue to experience pressure on recertifications due to utilization management programs of Medicare Advantage payers. As anticipated, we have also seen a slight shift in payer mix -- patient mix with a small decline in original Medicare admissions year-over-year, more than offset by strong growth in Medicare Advantage. And as expected, our cost per visit has increased more than 2% year-over-year with continued nursing labor pressure. Finally, we resumed tuck-in home health M&A activity in the quarter, completing an acquisition that added 11 branches with average daily census of 4,700 and approximately 25,000 admissions per year. We are committed to continuing to grow our agnostic CenterWell Home Health business and expand market share through organic growth and strategic M&A activity. As Bruce shared, expansion of our value-based home model is tracking in line with expectations and is demonstrating favorable outcomes. We continue to expect to cover approximately 1.8 million members by year-end with further expansion to 40% of our Medicare Advantage membership by 2025. Finally, our pharmacy business performed well in the quarter, benefiting from higher-than-expected individual Medicare Advantage membership growth as well as favorable drug mix. As anticipated, we saw a 100 basis point reduction in mail order penetration for our retained members as a result of retail pharmacy co pays now largely being on par with mail order benefit. We continue to invest to differentiate our order, delivery and clinical experiences to encourage further use of mail order and maintain our industry-leading results. Further, we remain focused on providing awareness and education of the benefits of mail order for our large block of new members to drive increased penetration throughout the year. From a capital deployment perspective, we continue to expect share repurchases of approximately 1 million in 2023. We will consider the use of accelerated share repurchase programs as well as open market repurchases, which we initiated in March under rule 10b5-1 to ensure we maximize value from these programs. Lastly, with respect to earnings seasonality, we expect the percentage of second quarter earnings to be in the low 30s. Before closing, I want to reiterate that we continue to be pleased with our operational and strategic progress and ability to raise our full year guidance based on the positive fundamentals seen across our businesses to start the year. Our strong Medicare Advantage membership growth and updated 2023 outlook positions us positively on our trajectory to our mid-term EPS target of $37.00 in 2025. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from Gary Taylor with Cowen.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Quick clarification, and then my question, if I can get away with that -- with it that way. Appreciate the description of the days claims payable decline. And just wanted to see if there was any particular reason why the pharmacy impact that typical seasonality was sort of larger than the typical impact? And then, the real question I wanted to ask was particularly given some of your comments about your home care plans, in the final notice, there were -- in MA final notice, there were some rules that appear to create more restriction around how MA plans can steer patients to certain post-acute destination and sort of limit your ability to do that if a doctor has specifically prescribed a precise destination, your ability to substitute or manage that. I just wanted to see if you thought that would have any impact on either your costs or CenterWell in 2024?
Susan Diamond: Hi, Gary. Sure, I can take those for you. So, your first question in terms of the Rx impact and whether that's larger than typical, the impact that you see from fourth quarter to first quarter each year as it respects to the pharmacy, responsibility is fairly consistent and that's just a dynamic of how reinsurance works as members move through the coverage phase. So that is a consistent dynamic. And the $2 billion change fourth quarter to first quarter I would say is not atypical. If you look back at the first quarter last year, a similar dynamic would have taken place. But if you recall, we had an offsetting impact. It was largely attributable to the timing of provider payables, namely capitation, which was really a carryover impact from the larger surplus payments that accrued throughout COVID, and that were subsequently paid in that first quarter. So, I would say not atypical, but in any given year, you may have other changes that may offset some of those typical impacts. On the final rate notice, I would say I'm not aware of any meaningful impact that we would expect as a result of what was included. I would say, generally, we are always honoring sort of whatever referral option was made by a provider as it submitted in the utilization -- as we do our utilization management reviews. So that's something we commonly will honor and respect as part of that process. So, again, I don't expect any meaningful impact to our everyday processes.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask a question around CenterWell. I'm wondering if you have any markets where your CenterWell clinic strategy you would view as mature -- patient panels mature, number of sites at the number that you want them or even submarkets? And what percentage of your MA membership are you able to serve in that regard? I guess it ultimately is getting that your aspirations for percentage of members in your CenterWell strategy, but wondering if there are specific examples that you could elucidate?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, David, thanks for the question. Our most mature area is going to be in Florida with Conviva, to be honest with you. Our CenterWell sites that are de novo in the various markets are very, very small to considering the market in totality. So, if you take a Houston or Las Vegas, those areas I would just say that we don't have the penetration just because of time. With your question around what we -- the percentage we cover, I would say it's going to be in the low percentage rate, I mean, below 5% in any one market. Obviously, places like Miami will have the most penetration for us, but I would say it is at an area that will be at the -- in the low percentages.
David Windley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Yeah, hi, thank you. I wanted to ask about CenterWell. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about how you expect the rate environment in 2024 and the phase-in of the risk adjustment model to impact margins at CenterWell over the next couple of years. I guess, how much of the rate impact do you expect to get pushed down to CenterWell and how will the company work to manage through the potential impact there? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Hi, Stephen. So, one, we're not going to disclose the specific impact of CenterWell Primary Care. And honestly, to determine the ultimate impact, that is going to have to consider any benefit changes that our health plan partners make as well as any potential changes to capitation arrangements and other things. Having said that, we do not expect the full impact to be mitigated by benefit changes. And so, the team is working on a multi-year mitigation plan that will look at the range of options across the operating model, the clinical model, productivity and efficiencies and other things, and have already identified a number of mitigations that we think can offset. So, again, we don't expect the impact to be fully mitigated by benefit changes. It will likely take some time to implement all of the improvements that will offset that. But having said all of that, we would not expect the impact to CenterWell Primary Care to be material to the overall enterprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Just want to squeeze in a couple of quick follow-ups here. One on DCP, Susan, maybe you could give us an idea of the range and is this kind of the normal seasonality? So should we expect DCP to increase for the rest of the year? And what is the kind of normal range you think we kind of settle out in given the mix of business you have now? And then, on the services business, just curious if you could tell us just a little bit more about how the quarter looked relative to your expectations, how the home health business looked, and maybe where you expect to be within that guidance range given it's pretty wide? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hey, Justin. In terms of your first question about DCP, what I would say, and I think as we've commented before, DCP can be difficult to predict just because of the changes in claims processing timelines, the pharmacy seasonality, et cetera, can occur at any given time, and given our disproportionate mix of Medicare business, we would be impacted more so than maybe some others. I would say this is not a metric that we track or forecast internally as well. And so -- and I don't think it would be prudent to try to predict it given some of the changes are outside of our control in terms of how they would impact the metric. And that's why I think again, we would suggest that investors also look at the trend in IBNR and membership. It's probably a better and more consistent indicator of reserve methodology, consistency and strength of reserves. One thing though I would point out to keep in mind is just, as I described in my comments, pharmacy changes can have a significant impact because they don't typically have corresponding IBNR changes. And with the changes that are coming in future years with the pharmacy phasing and coverage responsibility, we're likely to see more volatility rather than less in that metric going forward. In terms of the quarter, as we said, really saw results in line, if not slightly better across the board within the enterprise, certainly the most significant, as we said, on MA with the outpaced membership growth as well as the lower inpatient utilization in particular. While non-inpatient is less mature, as we always say, at least the early indicators in January results in particular, do appear to be in line with expectations. So, we feel good about that. As we said before, we had priced and anticipated significant utilization on our expanded healthy options card. So, we continue to feel good about what we've planned for with respect to that significantly enhanced benefit. Across the rest of the business, as we said, home health, we did mention strong new admission growth, although that was largely offset by reductions in recertification, which did have an impact in terms of overall revenue trends. So, revenue yield was closer to flat where we would have anticipated slightly higher, not anticipating the full level of recertification impact that we did see. They were able to mitigate much of that with some admin productivity efforts and are going to continue to work over the course of the year to try to identify new opportunities for additional growth and other mitigating options for -- through productivity. And then, as we said, the pharmacy business had a nice quarter. They again benefited from the higher membership growth as well as some favorable drug mix. And so that's reflected in our thinking as well. The primary care business, the outperformance on the patient panel growth was nice to see. But I would say overall financial performance relatively in line with what we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein.
Lance Wilkes: Could you talk a little bit about your Medicaid business? Obviously, you've been making great progress on contract wins there. Can you talk about your priorities for enhancing the capabilities there? And I was particularly interested in three things. One, what you're doing to improve performance in the business just as it's an emerging business? Second would be, if there are particular areas that you're looking at to improve your scoring and RFPs and winning new business? And the third would be just with respect to social determinants and health equity, if those are important priorities? Obviously, you're well positioned from the MA side, but what you're doing in that space? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, thanks, Lance. I'll try to address those questions. On the performance side, we continue to see actually a really good performance in the business. Obviously, it is dependent on maturation of the state contracts. So that's -- earlier in the contract, you see less profitability. As it progresses through the contract, we continue to see improvement both because of volume and in addition just being able to help individuals with their health and continuing to lower the use of the healthcare system as a result of prevention. I would say from a performance point of view, it's going to be contract based, but in our more mature contracts, it's performing quite well. And as Susan said, there were the ones that -- one of our divisions that actually was performing above plan. On the RFP process, I really don't want to share the details of what we're trying to improve on. But I will try to address your third point around the social determinants. That has been an area we've invested heavily in over the last number of years, both in the health equity side with our Chief Equity Officer in leading that and really focusing on certain populations that have been disadvantaged and along with ensuring that people have access to non-healthcare benefits that help them with their healthcare. We mentioned in areas like food, and security would be an area where we're focused on. Some markets actually -- social isolation would be another area that we're focused on. And that's a combination of both the plan and our foundation as we support communities that we have Medicaid in through our foundation too. And so, to summarize, performance is going well. It's based on the maturation of the contract, but I would say it's going quite according to plan. And then, on the social determinants side, it's really a focus of ours and both on the health equity side, and in addition and being able to provide benefits outside the healthcare side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nate Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nate Rich: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the questions. I wanted to follow-up on the utilization commentary. And I'm just curious if inpatient utilization was favorable to your expectations if you exclude the decline in COVID admissions? And do you anticipate inpatient volumes to continue to pick up given you alluded to capacity increasing? And Susan, is there anything that we should kind of keep in mind in terms of cadence of MCR this year? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Nate. Yeah, no, it's a great question. So, in the first quarter, as part of that lower utilization, some of that was COVID, which was lower than we had initially expected. I would say one thing to keep in mind, too, is the first quarter of last year, we did see a very high level of COVID last year and very significant depression in non-COVID. And then as the COVID dropped more quickly than we historically seen, we didn't see non-COVID bounce back at the same rate and pace. So, as we thought about our 2023 plan, we did anticipate the first quarter trends, in particular, would be higher than the full year average because of that dynamic. But all in, we expected trends to be normalized. And as you said, we also incrementally then anticipated some increase -- modest increase in healthcare capacity over the course of the year. I would say that while we had some COVID favorability on admissions, non-COVID was also slightly favorable. So, it was not all attributable to COVID. But certainly, given the seasonality of the COVID last year and what we're expecting this year, we would expect the first quarter favorability not to trend at a full run rate into the rest of the year because of that dynamic. But so far, really pleased with what we've seen again across both our new and existing numbers, similar trends across both.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick clarification. I heard Bruce's comments on long-term industry growth well positioned. But was that supposed to mean 2024 also a year of industry growth? And then, my real question is just within CenterWell. It looks like the number of physicians is growing faster than both the center count and the patient count. I'm assuming that it's not patient panels are capped 400 per physician. So what's causing that dynamic? Should we think about a ramp in patients relative to that capacity, especially in light of the stronger-than-expected MA membership.
Susan Diamond: Yes. Hey, Josh. So, to your first question on industry growth, we do continue to believe that we will see strong growth, including in 2024. We do recognize with the rate notice, there may be more disruption in 2024 than we've seen in the last couple of years and also because of some of the Star pressure that some we'll see and have to address in their benefit design. But given the overall strength of the value proposition of MA, even in a less favorable rate environment, we would expect to see strong growth. And as Bruce mentioned in his previous -- in his commentary, even in historical years when we had multiple years in succession of a negative rate environment, the industry still grew quite nicely when benefit values were much lower than they are today. So, we do think the strength of the offering will continue to drive strong industry growth and that Humana, in particular, will be well positioned to grow high single digit rate or above would be our hope. In terms of CenterWell, honestly, we'll have to probably look at that and maybe get back to you. What I would say is what logically comes to mind is just with the open -- planned openings of the centers, they certainly try to get ahead of that and add the physicians. They're ready to go. I know we did have some delays in center openings as a result of some sort of supply chain and other issues. And so it may be that some of the clinical teams were on staff in advance of some of those delays. So it's likely due to that, but we will follow up with the team and get back to you on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. I was interested just to get if your thinking has been evolving at all around the impact of Medicaid redeterminations on MLR? And just remind us how you're thinking about the impact of redeterminations on acuity mix in Medicaid and whether you're assuming there could be some timing mismatches around the states getting to fully factoring in changes in the acuity mix into the Medicaid rates? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Scott. Yes, I think we have previously mentioned that we believe we've seen about 300,000 additional members as a result of the PHE and the waiver of those redeterminations. We've assumed that we will retain only about 20% of those as they go through the redetermination process this year. We are over indexed, obviously, to Florida. And we do think Florida is probably a little bit better prepared than some other states in terms of how they're planning to go about the process. To your point and as we've stated, we have seen lower acuity for the members who are maintaining access through the PHE. And our assumption is that those will be the members who are largely lost as a result of the process. We know that Florida intends to focus on members with lower utilization at the start of their process. And so, within our plan, we have assumed that as those members roll off, that, particularly in the state of Florida, those lower acuity members will in fact be the ones that we see move off more quickly. So, we do feel confident in sort of how we've approached the planning for this year and the redeterminations, but obviously, as the process begins in May, particularly in the state of Florida, we'll be watching closely to see if the ultimate retention matches our assumption and then certainly over the next number of months watch the acuity. But our assumption is that the 20% that remain look more like a typical pre-COVID sort of block of Medicaid business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Just two quick questions touching on stuff you've already talked about. But in Bruce's comments talking about the differentiation between MA and traditional Medicare. I wonder as we're often asked when there's a rate update that's less than optimal, whether that's going to slow down people's preference for MA. I wonder in your research, and I know you guys keep up with this, when you think about what prioritizes someone to choose MA over, and I know you used to say that at least out of pocket maximums was the number one, and then some of the standard benefits hearing, vision and dental, and the supplemental now has been added. I wonder would -- anyway to expand on your view about why MA will continue to be a priority even in a year where maybe there won't be any additional supplemental benefits that they've been able to see in the last few years, there won't be a new benefit added as much? And then, the other thing I guess is -- and I appreciate Susan's comments here on -- we've been asked a lot about -- we've had three public hospital companies talk about how strong their inpatient utilization has been at least relative to recent quarters. I'm wondering is the rationalizing that versus what you guys are saying, is that just that you plan for a step up in utilization and it hasn't happened to the amount that you thought, or is there any other way? Because a lot of those public companies focus particularly in Florida and Texas and are seeing seemingly strong volumes, but you're saying your inpatient side has been one of the areas of outperformance.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the first one and then Susan will take the second one. Just on your question on industry growth and preferences of our customers, I'd say first on the industry growth, we continue to see just really strong value proposition between Medicare Advantage and Medicare fee-for-service. As I mentioned, there's about $2,400 savings for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries. So, just in totality and we've seen that grow over the last number of years as a result of the industry's innovation and continuing to effectively reduce the cost of care through prevention. We don't -- we just believe that, that is so compelling that people are not going to walk away from that even though some of the benefits are -- might be changed. Which relates to your second question is really we've been doing a lot of work and we won't give you details on each of the areas there because there's some competitiveness there. But we've been doing a lot of work on what are the priority benefits that have and what are the less oriented ones. And it might be that you reduce some of the benefits, not eliminate them, would be an example of that or alter them a little bit. But it does depend on -- also on the type and the segment that you're oriented to. For example in the duals, we do find the supplemental benefit to be an important part of their decision making and that I think will continue to be important part of the offering within the industry and totality. In the other segments, we do see there's some uniqueness in their needs, but I would say that they're probably more refinement than actually elimination at all. And after the conclusion of our bid process, we can give you guys more detail and obviously in October when the bids come out. But I do believe, to answer your question, it's still highly compelling. I do think that we will alter some benefits, but we'll alter them in a way that is very manageable on behalf of the beneficiary, but it will be personalized to the segments themselves.
Susan Diamond: And A.J., I'll touch on your inpatient question. Before I do that, just a couple of things I'd add to what Bruce mentioned. Within the population, the duals in particular, as we said before, arguably, every duals should be in MA. The non-duals, certainly some have preference for [meds up] (ph). But within duals, it's a very clear value proposition and we think ultimately we'll see higher penetration than the non-duals, which is why it continues to be a focus. The other thing is -- which is interesting is agents are electing MA at the time of eligibility at a faster rate than they did years ago. Years ago, it would take a number of years to get these sort of new cohort of agents up to the average industry penetration. We have seen adoption out of the gate more quickly, which has helped support some of the continued penetration increases as well. And the last thing for '24, it's important to remember, as we said before, de-averaging that recalibration impact in particular is important in the places where you see higher impact are those places that have disproportionately high benefit values. And so the ability to absorb some level of adjustment may still have a very compelling value proposition to beneficiaries. In terms of your question about the strong inpatient trends that some of the hospital systems have reported, just as you said, we expected that, particularly in the first quarter. Because if you look at the medical costs last year over the quarters, it was depressed in the first quarter. And with our expectation that we would see trends return to normal levels, we would expect a higher first quarter trend relative to the average we would have planned for, for the year. So again, I do think that's very consistent with what we've seen, and even with that expectation and what the hospitals are reporting, we are still seeing some net favorability in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Maybe just follow-up on that point there for a second, because it does seem like hospital companies, med tech companies, broadly speaking, reporting good volumes. And so, we've been struggling to figure out why all of a sudden Q1 that would be so strong. So, I guess two questions then. The first one is from your perspective, that strength is to some degree just comps and something that you plan for? Just to make sure that I understand that correctly. And then, second, to be extent that utilization is rising higher, you don't have to price until June, so that gives you time to monitor these trends to put into your pricing. But if I hear it correctly, at this point, you don't necessarily see a reason to add additional cushion into pricing next year because you're not seeing a trend issue so far on this data. Is that the right way to think about it?
Susan Diamond: Yes. So, a couple of things. So one, yes, as I said, the first quarter of 2022, we believe was more depressed relative to subsequent quarters because of the COVID dynamics. And if you remember last year, we're all speaking in the fact that COVID declined much more quickly than it had in previous surges, but non-COVID didn't bounce back at the same rate, and we got a little bit of a lag. So the first quarter overall, utilization was lower. And so we did anticipate that from a seasonality perspective, first quarter trends would be higher than the average for the year. The other thing to keep in mind from our perspective is also that the -- we had -- I think it was 65 admissions per 1,000 of COVID in January of last year. Those all carried that extra 20% payment. And so because COVID on an absolute level is lower this year, we are also seeing some benefit in terms of year-over-year trends related to unit cost, because we'd be paying a lower average unit cost. This all -- was all contemplated in our outlook for the year. In terms of our '24, I would say even though we've seen some favorability on the inpatient side, it's too early in the year for us to take a position at the entire year inclusive of inpatient and non-inpatient is when you run favorable. So, you can think of our assumptions going into pricing as assuming that we will come in on as expected in '23, and then again normal course trend in 2024 as well as again some further modest increase in healthcare capacity, which, as we've said, we would expect to take a number of years to get back to pre-COVID levels. So, we are not assuming any favorability in '23 as we go into '24 pricing and assuming normalized trend will continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James with Cantor.
Sarah James: Thank you. Can you give us any color on the new members that are joining? So, what is the sales channel mix look like compared to past years? And are you able to identify in retrospect any particular products or geographies where you're showing strength?
Susan Diamond: Sure, Sarah. So, in terms of new members, as we commented I think on our fourth quarter call, we did see an all throughout AEP. We did see a meaningful decline in share within the call center partners. We had talked about the desire to incrementally shift some of that share back to our proprietary channels over a number of years. And because of some of the actions that the call center partners themselves took to pull back on some of the lower sort of quality lead marketing that they had done, as well as in the improvements we think in just the quality of their sales processes, they did see meaningfully lower share year-over-year. I think it was about 700 basis points lower than the prior year. That volume largely shifted to the independent field agent channel, which you can think of is more typical -- more like our proprietary channel in the sense that more of that's going to be through a face-to-face interaction through an independent broker. And what we've seen historically is that when you have a really strong value proposition, that channel -- the product will sort of do the work and you'll see nice strong uptake within that community, which is what we saw this year. And one thing that we view very positively is that channel tends to perform much more similar to our proprietary channel in terms of ultimate retention and plan satisfaction by the beneficiaries enrolled through that channel. So that's very positive. In terms of products and geographies, as Bruce mentioned in his comments, we were pleased to see some nice growth in some of our more mature highly-penetrated risk markets, which we view as quite positive. And that was intentional in terms of our strategy going into 2023 of where we want to make investments to grow. From a product perspective, certainly pleased with the strong dual growth that we continue to see, that remains to be a priority as well as our veteran plan. As we said before, broadly, we saw a meaningful -- the biggest increase year-over-year was seen in the non-dual space, which is by far the larger population, so again, was a priority for us. From a product perspective, we did introduce some new offerings that were intended to attract specific segment of the population, the Part B Giveback plan is one example where that really is designed for someone who is likely to have less sort of traditional utilization and is attracted to other -- some of the supplemental benefits that Bruce described as well as that Part B Giveback. And we have seen strong growth there, and those plans are tracking in line with what we had expected in terms of the acuity that they would attract. But really, we saw broad improvement across geographies and products given the way in which we deploy the investment dollars for 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yeah. Thanks for sneaking in. Bruce, kind of a big picture question. As you now know kind of the 2024 rate environment and the Star's environment, do you think the company will have the ability to continue to take share like it has in calendar '23? Or should we think of -- my short question is should we think of '24 as more of a share gain opportunity for Humana or more chance for the company to kind of flex its margin capability in the individual MA market?
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. It's obviously early in the bid cycle for us to give you the details that you want here. I would say, in general, we continue to remain committed to growing our membership growth in the high single digits there. And I would just use that as sort of a measurement for us as we think about whether it's share gain or not. As we enter 2024, obviously, our Star's position is a positive for the company.
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Hendrix with RBC Capital Markets.
Ben Hendrix: Thank you very much. I just wanted to dig a little deeper on the earlier distribution question. You noted higher mix of new MA members switching from competitor plans, which you've said in the past can be favorable from a risk assessment perspective. But to what degree can you attribute those switching directly to that third-party channel -- broker channel? Any worry that these members may represent frequent switchers who could impair the overall persistency of the book? And then, any efforts or investments you've made to ensure that switchers do translate to accretive high LTV business? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Ben. What I would say broadly is just given the outsized growth we've seen this year, our current estimate is about 17% versus the overall industry growth rate of closer to 7% to 8% we predict for the year. I would say by definition you're going to see more switchers. The absolute number of agents and eligibles isn't materially different year-over-year. And so, a lot of that increase in outsized growth in market share gains is going to naturally come from switchers. So, I would say there is a portion that we believe is sort of that chronic switcher where you think it's probably about 7% of the population, which is just always going to be out there looking to see if they've got the best value. And we do tend to see that, that cohort traditionally over-indexes through the call center channel and they've become comfortable with that channel in terms of initiating a plan change. I would say though as we've been talking really all year, we've been very focused on efforts to improve retention both internally through some of our onboarding experiences, particularly when we have a member enroll through one of our non-proprietary channels to make sure we engage with them, ensure they understand the plan design and their benefits and are able to access those benefits. But also working with the call center partners in particular where we commented that for 2022, that was where we saw the largest deterioration in retention rates year-over-year. We were really happy to see that as a result of their efforts and ours, that channel in particular got back nearly to the retention rate that we saw in 2021 prior, so about a 380 basis point improvement in their attrition rate year-over-year. So, really we're able to make up much of the deterioration that we saw in 2022. And I would just say that we all continue to be very focused on retention and identify additional opportunities to engage with our members and ensure that they understand their benefits and are able to access them and that they're in the right plan to meet their needs in the hopes of seeing further improvement going forward.
Bruce Broussard: We do see just on that -- in the switchers that there were a number of switchers that came to us as a result of frustration with service, and we feel those to have much more stickier relationships. And then in addition, as we see the brokers and how they look out to the future, the quality ratings and the number of members that you have in Stars, 4 Stars or greater plans becomes an important because they can predict sort of the benefit level as a result of that. And so, we do see brokers really oriented to a much more stable book and putting their members in -- with companies that have that stability both from a service point of view and then also predictability of the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ha with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Ha: Hi, thank you. Maybe just another one on plan switchers. I understand you got roughly 50% this year for your new members. How does that compare to prior years? How should we think about that percentage going forward? Do you think it's sustainable or maybe there's a bit of a reversion back to the normalized level? The reason I bring it up is that, I believe, industry average for annual plan switchers is about 10% to 20%. So, if industry MA growth does slow a bit in '24, then certain plans with the higher percentage of new members that typically comes from plan switchers might be less impacted by the ebbs and flow the total industry growth, if that makes sense.
Susan Diamond: So, Michael, I think to your first question in terms of quantifying, so historically, we've commented that the switchers would represent more like 30% of our overall new enrollment. And this year, we've seen that closer to 50%. And if you wouldn't mind, would you repeat the second part of your question?
Michael Ha: Do you believe that's sustainable going forward into next year, years after, 50%?
Susan Diamond: Yeah, I would -- sure. I would say to the degree you take market share, then you would expect to see a higher percentage of your enrollment come from switchers. If you were more at the industry rate, it would probably revert back to something more similar to historical. And so, it really does depend on absolute level of growth relative to the industry, I think is the main indicator of how that should trend.
Bruce Broussard: We do believe next year there will be more shopping as a result of the change in the benefits.
Susan Diamond: That is true, yeah.
Bruce Broussard: And so, there -- I think it's going to be important both in your ability to have a predictable benefit plans after 2024 and the brokers can see that, along with the fact that when they do shop that they will be satisfied with the existing plan once they realize that the value that's provided there. So, we do -- in essence, we do believe there will be more shopping in 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with SVB Securities.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. My question is around the growth in PPO versus HMO. And I'm just trying to think of any challenges that you may have with all this growth this year, and I guess, I mean this in the context of CenterWell. And should we expect that this could negatively impact them or any of your physician partners anyway around just attrition and what you're doing to maybe accelerate processes to minimize some disruption? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Yes, no, it's a great question and one that we've debated with our CenterWell partners actually historically. But it's important to keep in mind that outside of certain markets, particularly South Florida and some of the other very highly penetrated risk markets, most of our HMO products operate more like a PPO where they're open access. And so the beneficiaries do have the option to go out of network and still receive services. So, we would argue that the benefit or the plans operate similarly. And certainly from a pricing perspective, we would take that into account in the way that we price those PPO products and the level of benefits that are offered, recognizing you may see more out of network utilization. I would say risk providers historically number of years ago typically only took risk on HMO, but they have generally started to become comfortable taking risks on PPO offerings as well, including our CenterWell. And so, I do think that's something we'll continue to watch and see does the performance look comparable across the two. I would say it's still fairly early in the penetration of PPO products and probably too early to declare, but my expectation would be that they are not materially different in terms of the ultimate performance for their risk providers based on the way that we would price them and then also given the strong capabilities the risk providers have and the relationships they develop that can allow them to see results that are comparable to what they see in the HMO in non-gated markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of things here. First, the latest intra quarter individual MA membership guidance increased from 625,000 to 775,000. It wasn't totally clear the breakdown of that? Latest additional 150,000 members, how much of that was additional new members versus retained members, if you have any color on that? And then, Bruce, your comment on the switchers being frustrated with service levels at their previous plan, does that feedback surprise you, or is that normal course of business from your perspective? And then, finally just aside from those members switching because of service issues at their old plan, was there any consistent pattern on what variables and the benefit design that Humana that resonated the most among the new members aside from just people switching because of -- to you guys because of issues at their old plan? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the second and the third one maybe and then Susan can take the first one. Just on the second one, relative to service, we did see in 2022 more frustration as a result of some plans growing -- really outgrowing their plan coverage there and frustrating the brokers and the members. And so that was a carryover and probably a little more extreme in 2022 that impacted '23 more. But as we've said many times, the strength of the brand and the strength of the product really carries us in the marketplace. And when we are competitive in the marketplace, our brand usually carries us forward. And do you want to take the first one real quick?
Susan Diamond: Yeah, sure. In terms of the driver of the additional growth, what I would say is in the D-SNP space, the improvement is more related to improved retention relative to what we had expected. And then, in the non-D-SNP space, I'd say it's more attributable to new sales. So a combination of the two, but more indexed to favorable retention on the duals and sales on the non-duals.
Bruce Broussard: And Steven, what was your third question again?
Steven Valiquette: Yes, sorry, I threw a lot at you there. The third one was just besides people switching because of service issues, any consistent pattern on which variables in your benefit design resonated the most to attract new members? If you're able to comment on that [indiscernible] dynamics.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, I think we've said it before, I think two things. What we saw in the Part B Giveback, that was one that was really where we saw a lot of non-dual members go to, and really it was in markets that, as Susan has mentioned and I've mentioned, in value-based markets that we've traditionally have not grown as fast in. And then the other one is just the healthy food card. I mean, that's the other one that stands out for the duals.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. And to add that if you remember last year, while we had a comparable value benefit to others and United in particular on the dual side, United have more flexibility in the way that card can be used. So, we introduced a similar option for 2023 as well as expand in this service category. So, as Bruce said, we do think that was very attractive and stood out relative to other options for 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with J.P. Morgan.
Lisa Gill: Hi. Thanks very much. Susan, I just want to go back to your comments on the Rx side where you talked about a positive mix. Can you just give us a little more color on that? And then, secondly, can you talk about your commitment to Medicare Part D going forward? And as we think about the changes in Part D around DIR fees, how do we think about your bidding strategy for Part D? And again, how do you think about your commitment to that product line?
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Lisa. So, in terms of the favorability we mentioned in the first quarter, specifically the drug mix, okay, that's just going to be generic versus brand. And then within each of those categories just the literal sort of line-by-line mix of drugs underneath, recognizing each one would have different sort of margin profiles, so mostly related to that. In terms of Part D, I mean, we remain committed to Part D in serving those duals and offering a strong value prop to them as well. Although we also, as we said before, really look to that product too to try to take disproportionate share of members enrolled in PDP who ultimately then make the decision to move to MA. And as we've said before, we do anticipate -- we do see that we get a disproportionate share of those conversions within our own block relative to the share we get in the open market. And we do expect about 80,000 conversions out of that book for 2023. I would say there is a lot of complexity going forward in terms of some of the Part D changes, the phasing changes, the introduction of a maximum out of pocket and the responsibility changes. And as I've said before, the thing that we're very mindful of is just understanding the implications in terms of the risk pool underneath how the margin profile looks for different types of utilizing members and ensuring that we can maintain stability in that book. CMS has introduced some mechanics that will help the industry navigate through that like the premium stabilization, which is certainly helpful and we appreciate. So, I would say still a lot of work to do, but I would say we remain committed to continuing to support the Part D beneficiaries and provide a strong value prop, but do you recognize there'll be probably some additional volatility in the coming year to some of these changes are implemented.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Good morning. I would like to talk about operating cash flow, because excluding the Medicare prepayment, it looked a little light versus last year. So, anything you can provide on that would be very helpful. And secondly, can we have an update on RADV? I know the industry was waiting to talk to CMS to get more clarity on some things that were in the rules, so any update would be great. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Ann. With respect to cash flow, I would say that the year-over-year change in reduction is really just normal course working capital items. Two things in particular that driven majority of that change is commission payables and the timing of those and the amount of those, as well as then rebate collection Those are really the two main drivers. On RADV, I think as we said before, we did not expect to see anything additional as per final rate notice, which is what played out. And frankly, that we don't have anything further to update at this time. Our position remains a thing. We continue to be disappointed that it didn't acknowledge the need for an adjuster and it will be important to work with CMS and really understand how they intend to implement that program -- audit program going forward, as the details have not yet been released. So, we'll continue to try to practically work with them and hopefully get to a reasonable solution that everyone is comfortable with. But no, nothing new to report currently.
Ann Hynes: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Bruce Broussard for closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, operator. And in closing, we continue to be pleased with the solid start to the year, which as I mentioned before, reflects our high-quality fundamentals and the execution across the enterprise, and really demonstrates our commitment to the adjusted EPS target of $37.00 in 2025. I do want to thank our nearly 70,000 teammates and really contributing to the success and continuing to serve the customers in the best way. With that, I also want to thank each one of you for supporting the organization over the years and we look forward to having similar results in the coming quarters.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Lisa Stoner, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2022 results and our initial financial outlook for 2023. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our fourth quarter 2022 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that todays discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Managements explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, Ill turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us. Today, Humana continued the momentum seen throughout 2022 and reported another quarter of strong operating and financial results. Adjusted earnings per share for the full year were $25.24, which was above our previous estimate of approximately $25 and represents an annual growth of 22%. We achieved this compelling earnings growth while also making meaningful progress in advancing our strategy, which I will touch on more in a moment. Looking forward we provided full year adjusted EPS guidance for 2023 of at least $28 representing growth of 11% over 2022, consistent with our previous commentary. We anticipate this strong growth despite the headwind we faced from the divestiture of 60% interest in Kindred Hospice. We also reaffirmed our expectations for a full year individual Medicare Advantage membership growth of at least 625,000 members, a 13.7% increase year-over-year. Recall that our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37 is underpinned by an assumption of return to individual MA membership growth at or above the industry rate by 2024. We are very pleased to have accomplished this goal ahead of expectations. Before providing additional detail on our operations and outlook, Id like to take a moment to address the RADV final rule released Monday. I want to start by emphasizing the strength of the Medicare Advantage program, supported by a value proposition that is superior to fee-for-service Medicare. 30 million seniors have chosen to enroll in MA, of which nearly 34% identify as racial and ethnic minorities. The MA program delivers high-quality and improved health outcomes, resulting in a 94% satisfaction rate and lower total cost of care through improved care coordination providing savings to the Medicare program while helping seniors achieve their best talent. The strength and support of MA is an important backdrop as we talk about a long-awaited final RADV rule. Id like to reiterate Humanas core belief when it comes to RADV. Namely, we believe risk adjustment is an important element of the program and incentivizes plans to cover all individuals regardless of health status. We have long supported CMS desire for greater transparency through auditing, and well continue to partner with CMS to promote program integrity. We strive to have a fair, compliant and transparent system. While were still reviewing the final rule and considering its impact, I will share some of our initial observations. First, we support CMS decision not to extrapolate the result of any audit payments for the years prior to 2018. As CMS acknowledged auditing such age time periods represent a unique challenge that may produce results that are not truly reflective of the plans compliance or coding accuracy [ph]. The important part of RADV ruling is the audit methodology. Therefore, we look forward to working with CMS to learn more about the methodology, including contract selection, sampling and extrapolation as a rule did not provide the details needed to fully understand the potential impact of the future audits. And finally, we are disappointed CMS final rule did not include a fee-for-service adjuster in the process, which we believe is necessary to determine appropriate payment amounts to MA organizations. We are considering all our options to address or challenge this admission and obtain clarity about our compliance obligations. With that said we are committed to working productively with CMS to ensure the integrity of the program has maintained, and beneficiaries do not face higher costs and reduced benefits as a result of this rule. For years, MA has been an example of a successful public-private partnership that works for Medicare beneficiaries, providers and taxpayers. And were committed to working with CMS on a path forward to ensure that MA continues to be an option that millions of seniors have come to depend on. Now turning to an update on our operations and outlook. We entered 2023 in a position of strength. Industry leader in the delivery of senior-focused integrated value-based care, delivering high-quality outcomes at a lower cost. Our deep focus on value-based care, both through our CenterWell platform and our highly diversified value-based care solutions and locally oriented provider relationships is one of the differentiated capabilities that gives Humana a durable competitive advantage. We closed 2022 with 70% of our individual MA members engaged in value-based arrangements, which incentivizes providers to comprehensively manage patient needs and reduce total cost of care. Our extensive experience in value-based care combined with our use of deep analytics and digital capabilities, first-mover deployment of interoperable solutions, as well as our customer-centric products and solutions. Thats Humana apart from peers. We believe these differentiated capabilities have contributed to our durable success in quality and customer experience as demonstrated by five consecutive years of leading Stars results, and individual MA membership growth of 10.4% on a four-year compounded annual growth rate from 2018 to 2022 as compared to industry growth of 9.7%. We complemented our differentiated capabilities with targeted investments and benefits, marketing and distribution for 2023, which has accelerated the strong momentum in our MA franchise. The improved plan designs have resonated with consumers and brokers resulting in our above industry growth expectations of at least 625,000 members for the full year. Our 2023 growth outlook includes strong growth in the D-SNP space, where we have grown 72,000 members as of January, a 50% increase over 48,000 members added in the 2022 AEP. And importantly, the majority of our growth for 2023 is coming from the larger non-D-SNP space. We added approximately 422,000 non-D-SNP members through 2023 AEP, a significant increase from the 90,000 added in 2022 AEP, and representing an impressive 10% year-over-year growth in non-D-SNP membership. We achieved our strongest growth in states with robust or growing value-based provider penetration. For example, our top states by absolute growth were Texas, Georgia, Florida and Illinois, which are highly penetrated value-based markets. Together, they grew 163,000 members in 2023 AEP, a 450% increase over the 29,000 members achieved in those states last year. The robust membership outlook reflects high-quality growth, with retention improving over 200 basis points year-over-year better than our initial assumption of a 100 basis points improvement. We are pleased to see our external call center partners improve retention by 380 basis points year-over-year, reflecting their enhanced focus on quality and customer satisfaction. In addition, approximately 50% of our new sales reflect members switching from competitor MA plans, which was higher than anticipated and significantly improved from the 30% experienced in 2022. We also saw a shift in our overall sales channel mix to higher-quality channels. Our internal sales channel and our external field broker partners represented 53% of total sales in the 2023 AEP compared to 44% last year. As shared before, these channels drive better engagement with members leading to greater planned satisfaction, retention and lifetime value. Our strong 2023 membership growth was broad-based across our geographic footprint and benefits not only our MA business, but also our growing and maturing payer-agnostic CenterWell platform, enhancing our ability to drive more penetration and integration of our CenterWell assets. Our primary care organization also experienced strong growth during AEP and is expected to add 8,000 to 10,000 new patients across our de novo and wholly owned centers. And we are happy to share that nearly 60% of these new patients had appointments scheduled as of December 31. This is a key metric for us to measure the engagement level of new members and engagement is a key driver of retention. For the full year, we expect to grow patient panels by 20,000 to 25,000 through organic growth and programmatic M&A, meaningfully higher than the approximately 13,500 patient growth experienced in 2022. Our center expansion remains on track, as we ended 2022 with 235 centers and are scheduled to open an additional 10 centers to 15 centers in the first quarter alone. We expect to come in the near  the high end of our previously communicated annual center growth of 30 centers to 50 centers in 2023, through a combination of de novo build and programmatic M&A. In the home, we have continued to expand our value-based model, which coordinates care and optimizes spend across home health, DME and infusion services. We are now supporting approximately 15% of our MA members with the model, expanding coverage to an additional 433,000 members during the fourth quarter. We remain on track to cover approximately 40% of our MA members with a fully based, value-based model by 2025. In addition, as previously shared, we are implementing some of these capabilities on a stand-alone basis to accelerate value creation. We rolled out the home health utilization and network management capabilities to 1.4 million members, bringing the total of covered members to 1.9 million, creating incremental enterprise value in advance for the full value-based market rollout. Finally, in our pharmacy business, we once again increased our industry-leading mail order penetration levels in 2022, driving 38.6% penetration in our individual MA business, a 40 basis point increase over 2021. We anticipate maintaining this industry-leading position in 2023 as we further invest in the consumer experience and encourage the continued use of mail order despite comparable co-pays in the retail setting beginning this year. Before turning it over to Susan, I am excited to be able to speak to the senior leadership appointments we announced this morning. Dr. Sanjay Shetty is joining Humana as the President of CenterWell effective April 1. This newly created role comes as we continue to meaningfully expand our CenterWell capabilities, strengthening our payer-agnostic platform and integrating the clinical experiences for patients across the CenterWell platform. Sanjay comes to Humana from Steward Health Care System, where he currently serves as the President. He will draw on his extensive experience leading a large health care system as well as his deep understanding of technology and application of data and analytics and modernizing workflows to accelerate the integration of our CenterWell assets. Sanjays addition to the management team, he brings new and differentiated skills with extensive health care experience across a broad spectrum, including Medicare, Medicaid, physician groups and value-based care, and we are excited to have him on board as the President of CenterWell. In addition, we are thrilled to announce that George Renaudin has been promoted to President of Medicare and Medicaid and added to the management team effective immediately. George has been integral to our success of the company joined and having joined the company team in 1996, spending the last 26 years dedicated to core operations of our Medicare business. Bringing Medicaid under his leadership complements his current responsibilities for the operations supporting more than five million Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement members. With the addition of Sanjay and George to the management team, we have closed our search for the President of Insurance. We are confident that the depth of talent we now have in both the management team and across the broader leadership within the organization, positions us well to continue to execute against our enterprise strategy. As with any company of our size and caliber, we will continue to evaluate strategic additions to and the evolution of our leadership team as we advance our strategy to develop strong synergistic growth across the enterprise. In closing, I would again reiterate that we are entering 2023 in a position of strength. The strength is bolstered by Humanas differentiated capabilities and grow our payer-agnostic platform, and underpinned by the strong fundamentals in the Medicare Advantage industry. Importantly, the robust membership growth and financial outlook for 2023 puts us on a solid path towards our mid-term EPS target of $37 in 2025. We look forward to providing additional updates on our progress towards our mid- and long-term targets throughout the year. With that, Ill turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported full year 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $25.24, ahead of our expectations of approximately $25 and representing a compelling 22% growth year-over-year. As Bruce shared we delivered as impressive earnings growth while making significant advancements in our strategy, including a quicker-than-anticipated return to above-market individual Medicare Advantage membership growth for 2023 and further advancement of our CenterWell platform. Before discussing details of our performance and outlook, I would note that we realigned our reportable segments in December, moving to two distinct segments, Insurance and CenterWell. I will speak to our 2022 results and 2023 outlook in terms of the new segment structure with references to the old segments to provide clarity as needed. I will start by discussing our fourth quarter results and underlying trends before turning to our 2023 expectations. We reported fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $1.62, above internal expectations and consensus estimates. Results for our Insurance segment were modestly favorable to expectations. As recently shared, total medical costs in our Medicare Advantage business ranged slightly above previous expectations during the fourth quarter, driven by higher-than-anticipated flu and COVID costs, as well as higher reimbursement rates implemented for 340B eligible drugs. Collectively, these items had an impact of approximately 80 basis points on the fourth quarter benefit ratio for both the Insurance segment as well as the previous retail segment. Importantly, these are discrete items in the quarter and do not have a carryover impact into 2023. Excluding these items, total medical costs in our Medicare Advantage business were modestly below our previous expectation. Our Medicaid business continued to perform well in the quarter with lower-than-anticipated medical costs. In addition, the favorable utilization seen throughout the year in our commercial group medical and specialty businesses persisted in the fourth quarter. All in, excluding the discrete impacts related to flu, COVID and 340B, I just described, medical cost experienced in our Insurance segment were favorable to expectations in the quarter, continuing the trends experienced throughout the year. This segment also benefited from administrative cost favorability driven by our ongoing cost discipline and productivity efforts while also covering incremental marketing spend. Within our CenterWell segment, each business performed largely in line with expectations in the fourth quarter. Our primary care organization continues to improve the operating performance in our wholly owned centers and were pleased to report that we increased the number of centers that are contribution margin positive from 88 at the end of 2021 to 110 at year-end 2022, a 25% increase year-over-year. In addition, we increased the number of centers that have reached our $3 million contribution margin target from 18 in 2021 to 31 at the end of 2022. In our de novo centers, we grew over 9,000 patients in 2022 or 91%, while our de novo center count increased by 18% or 56%. As Bruce shared, we expect both center and patient growth to further accelerate in 2023. In the home, total admissions in our core fee-for-service home health business were up 9.1% year-over-year for the fourth quarter and up 6.3% for the full year in line with our expectations of mid-single-digit growth. In addition, we continue to expand our value-based model at the expected pace. We implemented the full value-based model in both Virginia and North Carolina in 2022 and ending the year covering just over 760,000 members or 15% of our Humana MA members, up from 5% coverage in 2021. Finally, our pharmacy results remain strong, reflecting industry-leading mail order penetration at 38.6% for our individual Medicare Advantage members. The benefits of mail order extend beyond our pharmacy operations, leading to better medication adherence and health outcomes, benefiting our members and health plan. As an example, members who utilize CenterWell pharmacy demonstrate medication adherence rates ranging from 650 basis points to 840 basis points higher than we see in traditional retail pharmacies for cholesterol, blood pressure and diabetes treatments. Now turning to our 2023 expectations and related assumptions. Today, we provided adjusted EPS guidance for 2023 of at least $28. This represents a 11% growth over 2022, which is in line with our previous commentary and overcomes a headwind of approximately $0.92 or 3.6% related to the divestiture of a 60% interest in Kindred Hospice in August 2022. Our 2023 outlook reflects top-line growth above 11%, with consolidated revenues projected to be north of $103 billion at the midpoint driven by growth in our individual Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and CenterWell businesses. These increases were partially offset by the divestiture of a 60% interest in Kindred Hospice, and expected declines in our Group Medicare Advantage, commercial group medical and PDP membership. At this time, we expect first quarter earnings to represent approximately 35% of full year 2023 adjusted EPS. I will now provide additional detail on the 2023 outlook for both of our business segments, starting with Insurance. As Bruce discussed, we anticipate individual Medicare Advantage membership growth of at least $625,000 in 2023, a 13.7% [ph] increase year-over-year. We added approximately 495,000 members during the annual election period and anticipate continued strong growth for the remainder of the year. Touching on Group MA, we continue to expect a net reduction of approximately 60,000 members in 2023. This reduction is primarily driven by the loss of a large group account partially offset by expected growth in small account membership. We remain committed to disciplined pricing in a competitive group Medicare Advantage market. For our PDP business, we now expect a membership decline of approximately 800,000 members for 2023, an improvement from our pre-AEP estimate of a one million member reduction. This improvement was driven by better-than-expected sales and retention in our Walmart Value plan. We are committed to providing affordable coverage for beneficiaries while also improving the contribution from our PDP business and remain focused on creating enterprise value by driving mail order penetration and conversion to Medicare Advantage. We are projecting approximately 80,000 of our PDP members to convert to a Humana Medicare Advantage plan in 2023, which represents a disproportionate share of all Humana PDP members who are expected to switch to a Medicare Advantage plan in 2023. In our Medicaid business, we anticipate that our membership will increase 25,000 members to 100,000 members in 2023. This change reflects membership additions associated with the start of the Louisiana contract, which went live January 1, as well as the Ohio contract, which began today. We expect to add approximately 140,000 members in Louisiana and 65,000 members in Ohio at implementation with Ohio membership ramping to 130,000 by year-end and to a total of 225,000 in 2024. The 2023 membership gains in Louisiana and Ohio will ultimately be offset by membership losses resulting from redeterminations beginning April 1, which will continue for 12 months. We are proud that our Medicaid footprint will now span seven states and cover over one million members, a strong platform that we have established largely through organic growth. We intend to continue to invest to grow our platform organically and actively work towards procuring additional awards and priority states. Finally, we anticipate the total commercial medical membership including both fully insured and ASO products will decline approximately 300,000 members in 2023 as we remain focused on optimizing our cost structure and margin in this line of business. The Insurance segment revenue is expected to be in a range of $99.5 billion [ph] to $101 billion, reflecting an increase of nearly 13% year-over-year at the midpoint. The year-over-year change includes the impact of the phase-out of sequestration relief beginning in the second quarter of 2022 as well as the impact of changing member mix within our Medicare Advantage business. This segment benefit ratio guidance of 86.3% to 87.3% is 20 basis points higher than the 2022 benefit ratio of 86.6% at the midpoint, driven by the targeted investments made in our Medicare Advantage plan designs in 2023 as well as Medicaid growth, which carries a higher benefit expense ratio. Importantly, we have assumed a normalized trend into 2023 including the expectation that provider labor capacity will improve modestly throughout the year. In addition, we have assumed the flu favorability seen to date in the first quarter is offset by higher flu costs in the fourth quarter. In summary, we are guiding to Insurance segment income from operations in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion for 2023, an increase of more than 12% over 2022 at the midpoint of the range. For our CenterWell segment, we expect EBITDA in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.45 billion for 2023, a slight decrease from 2022. The 2023 outlook reflects the impact of the divestiture of a 60% interest in Kindred Hospice in August 2022, which created a $150 million year-over-year headwind, largely offset by continued growth in our primary care, home and pharmacy businesses. In our core fee-for-service home business, home health admissions are expected to be up mid-single digits. While we have strategies in place to continue to take share in fee-for-service Medicare, we do acknowledge it is a shrinking market with the increasing penetration of Medicare Advantage. Accordingly, our projected admission growth for 2023 reflects a slight decline in fee-for-service Medicare admissions year-over-year, more than offset by strong growth in Medicare Advantage. In addition, CenterWell home health is focused on increasing nursing capacity through recruiting and retention initiatives. Our voluntary nursing turnover improved from 31.9% in 2021 to 30.6% in 2022. We continue to invest in clinical orientation and mentors and technology focused on reducing administrative tasks and drive time for clinicians, which we expect to drive further improvement in nurse recruitment and retention. With respect to our value-based home model, we expect to expand coverage to approximately one million additional members by year-end 2023, 800,000 of which are currently served under the utilization and network management model. In our primary care business, as Bruce shared, we expect significant center expansion throughout the year through a combination of de novo bills under our joint venture with Welsh, Carson as well as programmatic M&A. All in, we anticipate adding nearly 50 centers in 2023, an increase of approximately 20%. In addition, we expect to add 20,000 patients to 25,000 patients during the year in our de novo and wholly owned centers, representing nearly 12% growth year-over-year. Finally, our pharmacy business will benefit from the significant growth in individual Medicare Advantage membership in 2023, as we anticipate maintaining our industry-leading mail order penetration rate. From an operating cost ratio perspective, we are guiding to a consolidated operating cost ratio in the range of 11.6% to 12.6% for 2023, a decrease of 100 basis points at the midpoint from the adjusted ratio of 13.1% in 2022. This decrease reflects the divestiture of a 60% interest in Kindred Hospice in August of 2022, which has a higher operating cost ratio than the companys historical consolidated operating cost ratio as well as the incremental run rate impact of our value creation initiatives. Touching now on investment income and interest expense. We anticipate investment income will increase approximately $450 million in 2023, resulting from the higher interest rate environment, coupled with the impact of approximately $100 million in realized losses experienced in 2022 that are not expected to recur. From an interest expense perspective, while the majority of our debt is fixed rate, we do expect interest expense to increase approximately $110 million year-over-year. I will now briefly discuss capital deployment for 2023. We will continue to prioritize investments to drive organic growth. From an M&A perspective, we remain focused on opportunities to enhance our CenterWell capabilities with a particular focus on growing our primary care and home businesses. And finally, we recognize the importance of returning capital to shareholders and expect to maintain our strong track record of share repurchases. We will consider the use of accelerated share repurchase programs as well as open market repurchases to ensure we maximize value for our shareholders. We also recognize that dividends are important to our shareholders, and we are committed to growing our dividend. In closing, I would like to echo Bruces sentiment that we enter 2023 in a position of strength. The strong earnings growth delivered in 2022 combined with the robust membership growth and financial outlook for 2023 increases our confidence in the midterm target of $37 in 2025. We look forward to providing continued updates on our progress towards our mid- and longer-term targets throughout the year. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Certainly. And our first question will come from Josh Raskin of Nephron Research. Josh, your line is open.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I want to focus on CenterWell, and I understand the decline from the hospice sale. But maybe if you could give us some color on whats the organic growth rate around both the revenues and EBITDA. And then if you could talk about your recruiting initiatives and how youre trying to bring physicians into the centers? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Hey Josh, thanks for the questions. On the recruiting side, we do it both nationally and locally. And what were finding in the  we have a dedicated team also to the recruiting area. What were finding in the recruiting is that we are really the younger population were able to recruit to, and then also the older population, the more the experienced ones that are really looking to change their approach and clinical area and specifically around moving from an  E&M code driven, primary care billing to more of a value based.  And what were finding is once we  they are experienced with the value base, the retention side is much greater because its a better quality of life for them. But more importantly, its also much aligned with what they went to school for around proactive care and care that is more oriented to prevention as opposed to just the treatment side. So through a centralized approach and also oriented to locally, but really oriented to people that are looking for value-based payment options. 
Susan Diamond: And Josh to address your other question related to just the organic growth that we anticipate for the CenterWell segment. So in total, the segment is expected to grow revenues about 6% year-over-year with pharmacy slightly above that number based on the strong individual MA growth, although theyre also impacted by the decline in the PDP membership.  The home is slightly down, and thats again reflective of the growth that I had mentioned in my commentary about the core fee-for-service expansion as growth as well as the expansion of the value-based model, but obviously offset by the disposition of the 60% interest in hospice and the movement of that line of business to below the line is a minority investment.  For CenterWell primary care, that business continues to grow. But as you know, the majority of the de novo growth is off balance sheet as part of the Welsh, Carson deal. So also isnt reflected in our actual revenue growth and EBITDA its going to be reflected in that minority investment as well. But specifically, the segment in total is expected to grow 6% for the on-balance sheet portion. 
Josh Raskin: Okay, Thanks.
Operator: One moment. And our next question will come from A.J. Rice of Credit Suisse. And A.J. your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Hi, everybody. I think shes calling on me, it was a little jumbled there. Thanks for the comments on the RADV rule, and I know thats still under review by you guys and the industry. One of the things in some of the data that was released by Kaiser and others running up to the rule release was some data suggesting various error rates on audits done on results from the 2011 to 2013 time period. And one thing that got some play was the fact that Humana seem to have a little higher audit error rate or somewhat higher error rates than some of the peers. I know that was years ago. Im sure the entire industry has invested in making sure that they do better in future audits. But Im wondering if you guys could give us your perspective on that and any initiatives youve done to try to make sure that going forward, that wont be an issue. 
Susan Diamond: Hi, A.J. Thanks for the question. In terms of the variation that was reflected in the report that came out, I would say first, we dont have access to the data, obviously, to be able to really evaluate or assess those differences, so I really cant comment on the variation. More generally, I would just say that we dont have any reason to think that the inherent error rate within the Humana population would be meaningfully different from others. And so maybe just reflective of the audit selection and process that theyve used historically.  In terms of the question of what we might expect going forward, I would say, that is also impossible to really assess. Even in the periods they have audited, they have used different methodologies over that period. And as you saw in the final rule that came out earlier this week, they did not provide specificity on what the audit methodology will be going forward.  And so the error rate that you might expect is going to be highly dependent on the audit methodology and extrapolation that they ultimately define. And so that is one of the things that we look forward to working with CMS on to better understand to fully assess, what might be expected going forward. 
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: One moment.
Bruce Broussard: Operator, are you there?
Operator: Yes, Im sorry. Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. I guess, first, Ill just follow-up on A.J.s question and then ask my own. Maybe the  I assume  I know CMS methodology changing and they didnt give a lot of specificity, but I kind of would assume an error rate is an error rates. So maybe you can just tell us, I mean, even CMS has said errors rates for the industry have improved. So one, are you doing your own audit to see how this has trended over the last 10 years? Maybe you can give us some color on how the error rate, forget about extrapolation and all that, but just how the error rate in these in your own audits might have been trending over that period of time?  And then my question would just be, as a follow-up. The  as you think about CMS in 2018 will be the first time they use extrapolation on an audit. Whatever that error rate is, can you give us some color in terms of how you share that with investors. And more importantly, kind of how you would think about it from a bidding perspective? Would you kind of take a onetime charge on something that was from 2018, whatever that repayment might be? Would you build it into the bids going forward as kind of a reserve and just assume its a lower revenue number, a premium number like a rate cut? Can you give us some color on that as well? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Justin. To your first question about just broadly how to think about how error rates may have trended over time. What I would say is that generally, the growth in value-based provider penetration as well as the increased activity within in-home assessments over that timeframe as well as just the normal course activities that all health plans undertake to  as part of Medicare risk adjustment, frankly, all work to improve accuracy. And so I would expect that some of those programs have grown, particularly value-based care and home assessments that we would see hopefully some improvement relative to those initiatives.  But in terms of what might be happening in the broader sort of and much larger organic base of provider claims, it thats difficult to say because again, we dont have that information. And it will ultimately depend on how the audit methodology is defined in order to fully assess the impact of that. In terms of how we might think about the impact of this from 2018 and forward, I would say that from a 2024 bidding perspective, based on what we know today and given that the 2024 bids are due in just a few months, I would say its unlikely that there would be any impact to 2024 bids. But well certainly need to look to see if CMS provides any guidance in the advanced notice and bid instructions given just the uncertainty that exists regarding how the contract selection and audit methodologies will be defined in the future. But our focus will continue to be on delivering value and strong value within our MA claims to members, including the goal of stable premiums and benefits in 2024. So we look forward again to working with CMS to better understand the planned audit methodology going forward and assessing any future impact, but unlikely that will be finalized in time for the 2024 bids. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. 
Kevin Fischbeck: A little more color on your insurance MLR guidance. I think in your comments, you mentioned that its up in part due to and they benefit design improvements. I guess, I was under the impression that you guys were trying to target stable margins on the MA business. So just want to understand that nuance. And then you mentioned Medicaid pressure due to new contracts. So, I was wondering if theres anything in there about redeterminations? And then finally, any color on commercial would be great. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hey Kevin, this is Susan. Yes. So in terms of the MLR guide for 2023, the way you should think about it is that we did through our value creation initiative, create capacity with the enterprise to fund those targeted investments without impact to overall earnings and EPS. But keep in mind that the enterprise savings that were generated were across the entirety of the enterprise. They wouldnt have all been generated by the Medicare line of business. And so given all of that investment was redirected to Medicare, you would see some impact to the MLR, all other things being equal for Medicare. And then as always, you have to consider, given the growth that we saw and some of the dynamics that Bruce mentioned about new members, switching members and retention all of those would go into our estimates for MLR for the year as well. Outside of just the Medicare trend, as you pointed out, the Medicaid growth will also impact the MLR Medicaid in general has a higher MLR. And given the growth that will happen at the beginning of the year  will be in Ohio, that will certainly impact it and be mitigated over the course of the year through redeterminations. And as weve commented previously, the members who had access Medicaid through the deferral of the redeterminations did tend to be lower acuity and higher contributing. So as they roll off, that would have an impact to the Medicaid MLRs as well. So those, I would say, are the two main drivers as well as just more generally, our continued approach of a more conservative initial guide as we set expectations with the  they intend to certainly mean and hopefully exceed those expectations. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo. One moment. Stephen, your line is open.
Stephen Baxter: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask about retention in Medicare Advantage. I think you said you more than doubled the improvement that you targeted for 2023. So it sounds like youve gotten retention back to where you would have initially planned heading into open enrollment for 2022. I was hoping you could talk about what your outlook is for retention as you continue to evolve your channel strategy? Do you think retention is stable from here? Do you think it can improve? And if it can improve? Any sense of what the pacing would look like would be great. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Thanks for the question. Yes, as you articulated, were very happy about the 200 basis point improvement in the retention this year. It is a combination of both internal work and the combination of our partnership with the channel, they increased 350 basis points. As we look forward, its probably going to be more stabilized as we think about it with some improvement, well continue to work on it. But with the large increase in improvement in the channel outside that really contributed to the 200 basis points. And I dont know if youre going to see that, is that large of an improvement in 2023 and 2024. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: This is your operator. Unfortunately, you could not hear me speaking. I have introduced Scott Fidel [Stephens] twice. Scott, your line is open. 
Scott Fidel: Thanks. Can you hear either of those first introduction Scott, can you hear me okay?
Susan Diamond: Yes.
Scott Fidel: Okay, good. Just wanted to follow-up on just the home, the home outlook and appreciate the details you did give. Just interested give, just given some of the moving pieces with the hospice divestiture. When just looking at the home health business, can you give us your view on what youre expecting the revenue growth trends to be there when considering some of the volume indicators that you gave us? And then also just interested in your expectations for home health margins in 2023. Just when considering both the final fee-for-service rates and the shift thats playing out to value-based care? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi Scott, this is Susan. So in terms of revenue trends, because of the hospice divestiture, you will see a decline year-over-year. Its just over $100 million decline. We have a meaningful offset in the growth of the value-based model, in particular, which is a risk-based capitated arrangement with the health plan. And so as we significantly expand the coverage of that to one million members that does drive meaningful revenue appreciation, consider that close to $1 billion for 2023. Thats offsetting what otherwise would have been pressured from the 60% divestiture of the hospice asset.  From an EBITDA contribution, you can think of, again, this segment is being down year-over-year, and thats primarily a function of that higher-margin hospice divestiture being replaced with the less mature value-based model contribution. We expect increasing contribution in markets over time. They dont start immediately at full impact. And so the value-based model expansion, you can think of is closer to breakeven in 2023. And then that being offset by the loss of the hospice earnings in our reporting. And I would say on the core home health services, we do expect, I would say, relative margin stability. Well certainly continue to watch labor trends and make some further investments in nursing, recruiting and retention, as I mentioned in my commentary, but Id say relatively stable margins in the home health business.
Scott Fidel: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo. Stephen, your line is open.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Yes, Ive had my questions, so Im happy to give you the floor back and move to the next person. 
Susan Diamond: Certainly.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gary Taylor of Cowen. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask about the 2023 MLR guidance, but maybe come at it from the other side of the angle from what Kevin asked. We tried to look back at years in the last decade where you had really above-trend enrollment growth like 2014, 2015 and 2019. And generally, MLR was up in those years, although 2019 was probably mostly the HIF holiday. But Im just trying to think through your commentary about retention being higher, which should imply keeping more comprehensively coded patients and 50% of enrollment from plan switching, which should also imply more comprehensively coded patients. So, Im just wondering if inherent in the MLR guide is an assumption that your new class of 2023 is better profitability than typically you would ascribe to a new class of patients and any implications on kind of that margin improvement progression we would expect in the 2024. 
Susan Diamond: Hi Gary, great question. So there are a number of things that will impact the MLR as a result of the membership mix. As you said, the higher than typical rate of members  new members coming from competitor MA plans would generally be viewed as positive. Those numbers do tend to be contribution margin positive even in the first year. Weve many times commented on, in general, when you think of the full new cohort of new members as being breakeven from a contribution margin basis, but thats based on that historically lower switching rate. So the fact that we saw more switchers, incrementally that would be viewed as positive. As you said, relative to our previous expectations, at least, the higher retention is certainly positive from a contribution margin perspective as those are going to be the most impactful from a current year contribution standpoint. The other two things I would say, work negatively against MLR. One is, one plan in particular, the plan where we offered a meaningful Part B giveback. We do expect that plan will attract an overall lower acuity membership given the plan design and the way its structured, and we did see stronger growth in that plan than we had originally expected. So again, that relative to all other members would likely be a negative to MLR.  And then finally, I would say the plan-to-plan switching that we saw this year, and we commented on this at JPMorgan as well. For the existing members that we do have, we did see more members switch to another Humana offering than we had initially anticipated. Typically, thats where they will see a richer plan in market and select that plan. So while still positive and more so than an otherwise new member, year-over-year, they would see less contribution given the planned change that they initiated.  And the last thing Ill just point out that is a bit unique this year is in order to make the level of investment that we did in our Medicare offerings, the way the bid dynamics work, we have to create savings for relative to A&B cost to fund those additional benefits and recall that CMS shares in those savings through the rebate. And so in order to invest $1 billion in benefits, you have to actually save more than that and then share some of that with CMS. And so the implication of that is and otherwise increased to MLR relative to what it would have been at a lower investment level. So all of those things are contemplated in our current year guide as well as, as I said a moment ago, just our continued approach of taking a conservative view of the guidance at the beginning of the year. 
Gary Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Nathan Rich of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Nathan Rich: Hi good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to go back to RADV, if I could. It looks like the elimination of the fee-for-service adjuster, is set to go into effect. I guess, how significant of an impact could that element have relative to some of the other factors you mentioned where there seems to be a bit more uncertainty around contract selection and sampling methodology? And then Susan, I think you had previously talked about potential for the industry to litigate the outcome of the final rule to try to resolve some of these uncertainties. Itd be great to get your kind of updated thoughts on how you think that process could play out?
Susan Diamond: Sure, Nathan. So, I would say, as we think about the ruling, as Bruce mentioned, the fact that they will not be extrapolating to periods of 2017 and prior, we certainly view as positive and we would consider the exposure for the audits that have been completed for those periods to be immaterial. So that was definitely positive.  As we think about what CMS has shared for 2018 and forward, and as we said in our commentary, it will be  we will need to evaluate obviously, the audit selection methodology and extrapolation methodology. And also understand our compliance concerns as part of our normal course MRI activities. And as we do that, we continue to evaluate all of our options to ensure that the omission of a fee-for-service adjuster and the resulting impact is addressed.  And so again, at this time, thats really all we can say. Theres going to have to be additional collaboration with CMS to better understand some of the go-forward activity, but we just continue to  and well continue to evaluate all of our options to address the primary issue of the lack of acknowledgment of the need for a fee-for-service adjuster. 
Nathan Rich: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Lisa Gill, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Hi, thanks very much. Good morning. Susan, I was wondering if you could just maybe discuss your expectations around the number of patients that will be in capitated relationships for 2023. And maybe just overall, the number that will be in any type of risk relationships as we think about 2023?
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Lisa. I would say that  we would probably expect relatively stable percentages and as weve disclosed historically, you consider about a third of our membership in full capitated arrangements another third in some form of value-based arrangement, and then the final third in more fee-for-service type arrangements. And just given the strong growth, our goal every year is to a minimum maintain that penetration and ensure that the new members who are enrolling with us get to that penetration level. So given the strong growth this year, youll certainly have to evaluate that. But as Bruce said, we saw very strong growth in highly penetrated markets. So hopefully, that may be a bit of a tailwind as respect to those ratios. But generally, you can  given the high penetration already, the goal is to maintain that as we continue to grow at or above the market rate. 
Lisa Gill: And if you see better penetration, can you just remind us, will that help to improve the initial guidance that youve given here around medical cost trend for 2023?
Susan Diamond: I would say, weve evaluated the 2023 membership growth and the quality of that. And as weve said earlier in the commentary, net-net, you can think of that all in as net positive relative to what we would have previously expected, but immaterial really to our overall estimates for 2023. And certainly, well evaluate the claims trend as we do every year. And if we do see some positivity, well certainly keep you apprised. But I would say from the growth itself, while positive, would not be considered material to our overall estimate.
Lisa Gill: Great. Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Michael Ha of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Ha: Hi, thank you. Just a quick follow-up on Susans response to Garys question and then the quick one value creation plan. So at least Susan mentioned existing MA members switching to a plan with a higher Part B rebate had a meaningful impact MLR. Just wondering how many approximate members is related to larger impact MLR? And then quickly on the value creation plan. I understand its tracking very well. I think on track to exceed $1 billion in savings. So thats great. And just a couple of questions, like how much in excess of $1 billion are you now targeting to save for 2023? And then now the AEP is over, you think about that $1 billion in relation to strong membership growth, increased planned investments and sales margin? And how does it compare to your original expectation? Are the investments tracking in line with the $1 billion? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Mike. Yes. And just to clarify, the enrollment in Part B plans was a broad comment. We saw a strong sort of choice within that product from new members. And Im sure some of our existing members may have switched to those plans as well. But I would say the majority of the outperformance in that product was more related to new members than switching. But certainly, provides a different alternative in terms of the way the benefits, the guarantee Part B giveback on the premium side, and there is a trade-off for the relative richness of the benefits relative to other plans. So again, just based on, I would say, more of the acuity of the membership that we expect those plans to attract being lower is why I would say that, that would sort of all other things being equal, negatively impact the MLR that you would expect.  The plan to plan change broadly is just recognizing that typically when a member changes plans, its usually because theyve identified a plan that has richer benefits that they will move to. And so year-over-year, their contribution, while positive, will just be less than it was in the previous plans. In terms of the value creation plan, yes, as you said, we did outperform our initial goal of $1 billion. I would say you can think of that as sort of a 10% to 15% outperformance. As we mentioned, though in 2023, we did plan for the intent to reinvest some of those savings into other admin categories and investments, particularly marketing and distribution with the intent of continuing to take progress on shifting some of our external call center market share back to our proprietary channels, which weve described historically is requiring some upfront investment, given that we fully fund the marketing for our proprietary channels. Well see lower commissions over time, but relative to the external channel, those costs are a little bit more front-loaded. And so our 2023 plan does continue to contemplate that, increased investment in 2023, so that we can make further progress. Having said that, we will certainly evaluate the stronger-than-expected results that weve seen so far in 2023 overall, but also by channel and the team is currently evaluating all of the marketing metrics and developing sort of a point of view of how we will think about our go-forward plan, particularly for 2024 AEP and whether theres opportunity to optimize what we might have initially expected. So more to come on that, but our claim does contemplate the same level of increased investment that we planned for at the time of our bids last year and the planned use of some of those value creation savings to fund that investment. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Steven Valiquette of Barclays. Steven, your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Yep. Great, thanks. Yes. Good morning everybody. Thanks. Yes, we talked about the MLR guidance for 2023 a lot on this call so far. Just one other question around that sort of a clarification. But you mentioned that you expect the provider labor capacity to improve modestly throughout the year. Just wanted to get some quick clarification around that in terms of  do you consider that to be a pent-up demand when youre referring to that? And maybe just the other question would just be at the midpoint of the MLR guidance, are you assuming any sort of pent-up demand related to elective procedures or any other pent-up non-COVID care coming out of 2022 that may have to be absorbed in 2023 at the guidance midpoint. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hi Steven, so as we thought about the MLR and specifically the mention of provider labor capacity, I would say that is more a broad belief that over time, we will see improved clinician labor capacity which, as we all know, has been impacted throughout COVID, and we believe still at lower levels than we would have exchanged in the absence of COVID. So our belief is that over time, it wont be an immediate correction, but over time that we will see clinician labor capacity increase and that when we do additional utilization will also follow.  And I think as weve commented before, one of the spaces that we continue to see lower than historical utilization is in the observation space within the hospital systems. Today, what weve seen throughout COVID is ER utilization in inpatient stays, observation stays, which you can think of as the sort of shorter duration stays are materially lower, which makes sense as the hospitals would certainly look to maximize sort of the revenue within their beds for any given patient.  So we would expect as labor capacity increases. That will be one area where I imagine we will start to see some return to pre-COVID levels as there is sufficient capacity to support those additional patients in the facilities. So I would say its not explicitly pent-up demand. And based on all the analysis weve done, we dont believe theres a large amount of pent-up demand sort of that needs to work its way through the system. Historically, we have seen some evidence of that, but its typically after a very large COVID spike where theres significant depressed non-COVID utilization, which fortunately we havent seen for some time, and we are not forecasting that type of event to occur again in 2023.  So our guide does not have an explicit assumption around pent-up demand, but rather just taking the resulting sort of baseline trend we experienced in 2022. Increasing that for normal course trend as well as the expectation of some higher utilization is labor capacity returns. And as I mentioned in the commentary and expectation that flu will also see higher costs than we saw in 2022 as well. 
Steven Valiquette: Okay. All right. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from George Hill of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill: Hey, good morning guys, and thanks for taking the question. Susan, I hopped on a couple of minutes late. I was wondering if you could just spend another minute talking about, what drove the increased cost in 340B and the duration after this year. And I guess I would just know  Im sure you guys thought it was a court ruling on Monday that looks like its going to give the manufacturers more flexibility with which pharmacies they want to participate with and which drugs they kind of want to provide discounts around. So just kind of would love more color on kind of what happened in 340B and what you guys see going forward? 
Susan Diamond: Sure, George. So the impact that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2022 was a result of an increase in the ASPC schedule. That was defined as for claims paid on or after September 28, 2022. And there was no ability for CMS to provide any budget neutrality offset in 2022. And so the lack of a neutrality offset is what caused the higher cost that we incurred in the fourth quarter that we had not previously anticipated. As you think about going forward in 2023, we will have that same higher ASPC schedule in effect. However, CMS did implement a change in the outpatient conversion factor, which reduces the cost for other services and drive something much closer to budget neutrality, which is why you havent seen ongoing run rate impact into 2023. 
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: One moment. And our next question will come from Ben Hendrix of RBC. Your line is open.
Ben Hendrix: Yes. Hi. Thank you very much. With regard to CenterWell, youve noticed focus on payer-agnostic platform, but youve also noted strong margin contribution from integration with your MA book. Can you remind us how you are prioritizing engagement with your MA plans versus payer-agnostic development as you plan de novo center development going forward? Thank you. 
Bruce Broussard: Well, we actively pursue and engage other payers on this. We do believe thats an important part of our growth strategy and in addition, continuing to provide value back to the MA industry overall. But it is highly dependent on the growth of the plan. So this year, you saw significant growth as a result of our MA  the insurance side doing quite well. And so I would say our engagement is very broad and very oriented to continuing to be payer-agnostic, but its highly dependent on the insurance plans ability to grow. 
Ben Hendrix: Thank you. 
Operator: No further questions. I would now like to turn the conference back to Bruce Broussard for closing remarks. 
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, operator, and thanks for your continued support. And most importantly, thanks for our 65,000 teammates that allow us to really report these wonderful results. As Susan and I have reiterated, we are entering 2023 with  in a position of strength and look forward to continuing to provide you updates throughout the year on based on this strength. So thank you and everyone have a wonderful day. 
Operator: I would now like to conclude todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2022 Humana Inc. Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2022 results and our updated financial outlook for 2022. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our third quarter 2022 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note in particular that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us. Our third quarter 2022 results reflect the continuation of solid fundamentals and strong execution across the enterprise as seen throughout the year. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $6.88 for the quarter, above our initial expectations. The strength of the quarter allowed us to raise our full year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.25 to $25 at our September Investor Day. We are pleased to affirm this recently raised outlook representing a compelling 21% growth over 2021. Susan will share additional detail on our third quarter performance and our full year expectations in a moment. We appreciate the opportunity to share our value creation framework at our recent Investor Day as well as the subsequent engagement with investors over the last several weeks. We are excited about the company's future and our focus on executing against our strategy to deliver on the commitments communicated. As previously discussed, achievement of our mid-term earnings target of $37 in adjusted EPS in 2025 and is underpinned by a return to at or above industry Medicare Advantage membership growth by 2024. Now that we've seen competitor plans for 2023 and the annual enrollment period is underway, we are happy to provide initial expectations for 2023 membership growth today. Based on our understanding of the competitive landscape, we are anticipating individual Medicare Advantage full year growth of 325,000 to 400,000 members. This represents an expected growth rate of 7.1% to 8.7%, in line with our expectation of high single-digit industry growth. As we've spoken about previously, we've made substantial investments in our MA product offering and are confident in our strong competitive position. Through targeted surveys and deep analytics, we've designed products to meet  better meet our members' needs. For example, 100% of our dual eligible plans will offer the healthy option allowance, which allows our members the flexibility to direct funds to pay for healthy food, over-the-counter items, transportation, health supplies, rent and utilities. We are differentiated in this benefit through the wide breadth and flexibility of spending categories as well as the rollover feature we offer in many geographies. Outside our specific consumer segment strategies, we also improved plan offerings for our broader membership. For example, for our zero premium HMO and LPPO products, we believe we're at parity or above the key competitor plan value in approximately 80% of our markets. We also expanded the footprint of our zero premium LPPO product now offered in over 2,400 counties, a 34% increase year-over-year to better serve members looking for low-cost options with network flexibility. All combined we believe our plans are providing unique solutions to seniors most urgent needs, providing both affordability and value, which is especially important given current economic conditions and knowing many seniors on fixed incomes. Beyond our product investments, evolving our distribution capabilities remain a focus and we are continuing to advance our omnichannel strategy. As we've previously discussed, we've been working closely with our external partners to improve sales quality through a variety of initiatives. We are confident that we'll continue to maintain strong partnerships and drive better quality through this channel, such as improved retention and better customer satisfaction. Meanwhile, we continue to enhance the capabilities in our internal channels, which tend to provide higher quality sales. We are leveraging improved analytics and artificial intelligence for all inbound calls to drive improved experiences for both our agents and our customers. We believe this, in combination with our refreshed marketing strategy, will result in an increase in internal sales of approximately 20% year-over-year. Our ability to maintain our leadership position in the MA industry is supported by our excellence in quality and customer experience. Our success demonstrated in areas such as our Star ratings, where 96% of our MA members enrolled in plans rated four stars and above for bonus year 2024. Humana has now achieved the highest percentage of members in four-plus star contracts across all our national competitors for five consecutive years. Our commitment to quality is also evidenced in our CMS audit results where we once again saw a significant improvement in our overall results for CMS has recently completed triennial audit when compared to our 2019 program audit. And finally, we are proud that Humana has been named the best overall Medicare Advantage insurance company by U.S. News and World Report, which created an honor role based on the centers for Medicare and Medicaid services newly released Star ratings for Medicare Advantage plans. Additionally, Humana ranked as the best company for member experience and was declared the best company for low premium availability. The durability of our success in these areas reflect our differentiated capabilities, including highly diversified value-based care solutions and locally oriented provider relationship models, the use of deep analytics and digital capabilities, first-mover deployment of interoperability, as well as customer-centric products and solutions. The entire organization is focused on efforts to continuously raise the bar on quality and member experience so that our members can receive better outcomes and we will continue our relentless pursuit of maintaining our industry-leading results. Turning to our $1 billion value creation initiative. I'm pleased to share that we have line of sight to fully realize the $1 billion goal in 2023, which will support the investments for MA growth in 2023 that I just described. The effort has required difficult choices, focused execution and changes in the company, which we have already started to show positive results that we expect to continue over the near and long-term. While the formal $1 billion goal has been achieved, we are committed to ongoing improvement in operating leverage with a target of approximately 20 basis points annually on a business mix adjusted. Going forward, we intend to continue our historical focus on productivity, utilizing a framework that has been enhanced with the best practices learned through our value creation efforts. We are focused on running our business in a way that will create sustainability driving operating leverage while creating a culture that promotes continuous improvement, workflow efficiency and technology adoption to automate and assist our work wherever possible. We are encouraged by the early indications of the sustainable productivity framework. As an example, I'd like to highlight productivity efforts in our pre-authorization process where we're leveraging an in-house artificial intelligence solution to automatically match incoming faxes to the correct authorization requests. This solution creates administrative efficiencies across millions of inbound images. We are also scaling this solution to multiple business units such as pharmacy and are also expanding the application of this type of AI to provide decision support to clinicians, which will result in improvements to authorization turnaround times, reduction in friction for providers and creating a better member experience. Before turning it over to Susan, I'd like to say thank you to our 63,000 employees that bring their best sales to work every day and make our success possible. I appreciate all they do for our members and patients. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support. We are excited about the strong fundamentals of the industry we operate within our competitive positioning in the MA market for 2023, and beyond the scaling of our healthcare services offerings, and opportunities to compound our growth through local market integration, and continued cost discipline and capital deployment. We look forward to delivering against the commitments we shared with you at Investor Day. With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce. And good morning everyone. Today we reported adjusted EPS of $6.88 for the third quarter, representing 42% growth over third quarter 2021. Results in the quarter came in above initial expectations driven primarily by lower than anticipated medical cost trends and our individual Medicare Advantage and Medicaid businesses. Recall that we raised our full year adjusted EPS guidance by $0.25 to $25 at our Investor Day in September, which we affirm today. Our revised full year guidance anticipated the strength of the quarter and reflects a compelling 21% growth in adjusted earnings for 2022, while funding incremental marketing to support the 2023 AEP selling season and the dilution related to the hospice divestiture. I will now provide additional details on our third quarter performance by segment, beginning with Retail. Medicare Advantage membership growth and revenue remain in line with expectations, total medical costs and our individual Medicare advantage business were lower than initial expectations for the quarter with the favorable inpatient trends seen throughout the year continuing with some moderation. With respect to group MA, we shared last quarter that we were seeing higher than expected non-inpatient utilization. As I mentioned in September, we have been pleased to see positive current ERE [ph] statements and moderating trends during the third quarter, suggesting that some of the higher trend we described previously was likely due to pent-up demand. Finally, I would note that while it is early in the season, flu levels are running as anticipated. All in our Medicare Advantage business is strong and tracking consistent with the updated expectations shared at Investor Day. Our Medicaid business also performed well in the quarter experiencing lower than anticipated medical costs. We updated our full year Medicaid membership guidance from a range of up 75,000 to a 100,000 to our current guide of up approximately 175,000 to reflect the extension of the public health emergency to January, 2023. We are prepared for the Ohio contract to go live on December 1, adding approximately 60,000 members at implementation, which is included in our guidance. Group and Specialty segment results were in line with expectations for the quarter with our Specialty business continuing to benefit from lower than expected dental utilization. We continue to anticipate a reduction of approximately 200,000 employer group medical members in 2022, driven by our discipline pricing and focus on margin stability. I will now discuss our Healthcare Services businesses. Pharmacy results for the quarter were in line with the increased expectations we communicated in April as a result of the outperformance scene earlier in the year. The Primary Care Organization continues to perform well with results in line with expectations for the quarter. The team is focused on executing on the expansion strategy we shared at Investor Day, and we continue to expect to add approximately 30 to 35 centers to our portfolio through the first quarter of 2023, bringing our total center count to greater than 250. Patient served also continues to grow as expected and we anticipate serving nearly 250,000 value-based patients by the end of 2022. Turning to the Home in our core fee-for-service business, home health episodic admissions for the third quarter are up 5.1% year-over-year, while total admissions are up 6.4% year-over-year. Year-to-date episodic admissions are up 3.9% while total admissions are up 5.4% tracking in line with our full year expectations of a mid-single-digit year-over-year increase. In addition, we plan to expand our value-based home health model to cover an additional 450,000 Medicare Advantage members in the fourth quarter, bringing our total covered lives to approximately 15% as of the end of the year. From a capital deployment perspective, our debt to capitalization ratio decreased by 590 basis points in the third quarter to 39.4% as we retired $2 billion of debt following the divestiture of our majority interest in Kindred Hospice, which closed in August. We continue to anticipate a customary level of share repurchase in 2022 and as a result, expect our debt to capitalization ratio to be in the low 40s at the end of the year. I will now take a few moments to provide additional color on our early outlook for 2023 starting with membership. As Bruce shared, while it's still early in the AEP, we remain confident that the investments we made to support 2023 growth have positioned us well and we are pleased to share our individual MA membership growth expectations today of 325,000 to 400,000 members, which is in line with our expectation of high-single digit market growth. As we always caution this time of year, it is early in the AEP selling season, so the outlook we provide today could change depending on how sales and voluntary dis-enrollments ultimately come in. Initial sales volumes are strong and favorable to our expectations. Recall that we have limited visibility into member disenrollment data this early in the AEP season as those results take longer to complete, but we do expect modestly lower attrition in 2023 as a result of our improved benefit offerings, enhanced onboarding support for all new members and increased focus on sales quality and retention by our call center partners. We also advanced our analytic models incorporating additional granular inputs and machine learning techniques, improving our sales and retention forecasting ability. Taken all together, these improvements and early results support our confidence in the guidance shared today. With respect to group Medicare Advantage, as we previously stated, growth can vary year-to-year based on the pipeline of opportunities, particularly large accounts going out to bid. We expect a net reduction in group MA membership of approximately 60,000 in 2023. This reduction is primarily driven by the loss of a large account partially offset by expected growth in small group account membership. We remain committed to discipline pricing in a competitive group Medicare Advantage market. With respect to standalone PDP, the overall PDP market is declining as more beneficiaries choose Medicare Advantage. In addition, we remain disciplined in our pricing and as a result, our Walmart Value plan will not be as competitively positioned and our basic plan will exceed the low income benchmark in three regions in 2023, driving an expected net decline of approximately one million PDP members. As we look beyond 2023, we will evaluate the impact of the various regulatory changes proposed, which are likely to result in higher PDP plan premiums broadly and could lead to further industrywide movement from PDP to MAPD plans, given the strong MAPD value proposition. Our focus remains on creating enterprise value from our PDP plans by driving increased mail order penetration and convergence to Medicare Advantage. Finally, in our Medicaid business, we expect 2023 membership to be flat to slightly up as the new state awards in Louisiana and Ohio will largely offset the impact of redeterminations, which will begin following the end of the public health emergency. Louisiana has indicated that we will begin the program with 150,000 members while Ohio will ramp to 200,000 members over the course of 18 months. Turning now to our expected 2023 financial performance, I would reiterate our commitment to grow 2023 adjusted EPS within our targeted long-term range of 11% to 15% off of our expected 2022 adjusted EPS of $25. We will continue with our practice of conservative planning and at this time expect the current consensus estimate of approximately $27.90 to be in line with our initial adjusted EPS guidance. The earnings growth anticipated for 2023 will put us on a solid path to achieve our $37 adjusted EPS target in 2025. We look forward to providing more specific 2023 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in early February. Before closing, I would echo Bruce's appreciation to our employees for their contribution to our success and to our shareholders for their continued support. We are pleased to report another strong quarter and are excited about our outlook for 2023 and beyond. We look forward to delivering against the commitments we shared with you at Investor Day, providing better experiences and outcomes for our members, and patients and creating significant value for our shareholders. With that, we will open the line for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask about the individual Medicare Advantage outlook that you provided for 2023. Appreciate the commentary on expecting retention to be a little bit better. Could you maybe tell us or quantify how much that contributes to your growth outlook? Maybe what would your growth outlook be if you had the same result on retention that you did last year? And then more broadly, any early insight you have on competitive dynamics in 2023, either on plan benefits or for sales channels? Thank you very much.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, we won't provide the detail on just how it affects the overall. First thing its just early in the process. But we do want to continue this practice of being transparent with our investors just on where we are in just two weeks into the AEP. What we are seeing is that new sales volume has been strong and higher than expected. Our close ratios are higher year-over-year than versus what our expectations are. And in addition, our field sales volumes are particularly strong. The call center channel volumes are slightly down year-over-year, which we expected. As Ive mentioned, our term data is nowhere close to being complete. So, we have limited visibility into that. But what we do see is that were seeing improvement in our non-distant [ph] plans. And in addition, we are incorporating about a 100 basis point improvement in our term rate this year, and thats really a result of what were seeing in our relationships with our broker along with the product that weve put in place and then just our workflow improvement in both the enrollment area and on the onboarding with our members. So, what we see early on is just a really exciting aspect of where were seeing good growth and that good growth is coming across all parts of the organization with continued improvement in our relationships with the channels.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I just want to go back to your commentary about cost trend. It sounds like just because you didnt beat MLR by as much this period. It sounds like what youre saying is that cautions largely as expected and its more a function of you kind of lowering the MLR guidance with your September outlook? Is that kind of how you would frame it? And I guess just based upon how youve reported so far in Q3 is obviously implications for Q4 MLR versus where consensus is. I just want to make sure that Im understanding how you thought about Q3 and then how to think about the implications for Q4 MLR. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Kevin. So, as you mentioned, we are seeing a lower-than-anticipated cost trend with the mid-quarter raise in guidance, its a little bit confusing, I appreciate. But so the beat in terms of cost trend was relative to our initial expectations for the quarter, which were considered in the $0.25 raise that we announced at our Investor Day in mid-September. So the commentary this morning was relative to our initial expectations. But then again, once we account for the increased guidance, then more in line with what we expected. In terms of Q3 versus Q4, as we look at current fourth quarter MLR consensus, the estimates currently are 87.6% [ph] for retail and 86.7% [ph] for consolidated. I would say that right now, theyre a little bit light and that given the announcement of the 3Q results today, which were higher than The Street estimates and reaffirmation of our full year EPS guide. We would expect that analysts will adjust their models accordingly. And then we would see then an increase in the fourth quarter and full year MLR as a result, which then should be more in line with our current expectations.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. The  two numbers questions. First, just a follow-up to Steves question. You said the churn number is down 100 basis points. So is it just as simple as saying you have 4.5 million members in individual, 1% improvement at 45,000 members to growth versus last year. The math thats simple. And then what drove the 4% decline in Medicare Advantage PMPM in the quarter? And lastly, a lot of questions on RADV. I was wondering if you could help us understand what a reasonable like fee-for-service adjuster that the industry is looking for at a CMS. So when we see that final rate or that final notice in February, what would be a reasonable number for fee-for-service adjuster that youve been lobbying for? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Ill take the first question, and then Ill let Susan take the next two. On the 100 basis points, your math is correct, pretty simple there, Justin. So like always, you amaze me on your ability to back into the number.
Susan Diamond: And then, Justin, in terms of the revenue PMPM, theres a few things impacting it. Theres always that decline over the course of the year from the seasonality perspective as new members continue to enroll at low  typically lower risk scores and members passed away and those members passing late in to have higher risk scores. The other item that you need for this year is just sequestration, which as you know, sort of ended as of the second quarter, but was in place last year. And so that will have an impact on the year-over-year compare as well. In terms of your question on the fee-for-service adjuster, I mean, honestly, we just arent in a position to comment and wouldnt want to speculate on what the fee-for-service adjuster would be, is it would ultimately be based on fee-for-service data to which we just dont have access.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Nathan Rich: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the outlook for MLR. I think for 2023, consensus is roughly flat. I guess could you maybe talk about how youre thinking about the puts and takes to MLR next year? And I guess specifically, are you expecting a normalization of inpatient procedures over the course of the year? And any change to your expectations around utilization, just given the economic pressures you highlighted and maybe utilization of some of the investments that you made in your plans for next year? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Nathan. As we think about 2023, theres always a variety of puts and takes that well consider. I would say in terms of utilization, and I think we commented on this last quarter, as in respect to our initial expectations, we did not contemplate the better medical cost trend that we have seen develop in 2022. And so that certainly should be something that does continue into 2023, although we would expect some offset in terms of risk adjustment given the lower utilization. So thats certainly something that well take into account as we estimate MLR for next year, which obviously, were not prepared to give guidance on that today, but would certainly provide guidance on our fourth quarter call. In terms of inpatient procedures, I think weve also commented with CMS moving to remove certain items from the inpatient-only list, we frankly expected that to be more flat this year. And frankly, weve been pleased to see continued inpatient to outpatient movement, particularly with orthopedic procedures. The rates of outpatient sort of service is pretty high for some of those procedures. So in theory, we should start to see some moderation in that continued shift. Just last night, CMS did release the outpatient reimbursement. And within there, there are also some additional changes to the inpatient-only list. Thats something well have to review in greater detail and consider what, if any, implications we think it will have on further shifting trends for 2023. But otherwise, for utilization, I would say, we are counting on sort of normal course baseline utilization trends. As weve commented before, there are two items we want to continue to watch. One is flu. I mentioned in my commentary that so far that is in line with expectations, which it is early in the season, but we are anticipating lower than historical levels, given what weve seen in the last few years. We will want to monitor that and see if that does continue or if we start to see an uptick, which wed have to consider for 2023. And then finally, I would just mention that we know that healthcare capacity is constrained. Thats something we continue to watch. The labor trends and other factors and is something we will continue to be mindful of as we evaluate our go-forward medical cost trend estimates if we, in fact, start to see some of that return to higher levels. And its a capacity as weve been anticipating some additional utilization as well. So again, not prepared this year guidance today on the MLR, but certainly, well do that on our fourth quarter call as we normally do.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Gary Taylor with Cowen. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi good morning. I guess kind of my key questions were answered. So, I just want to go to PDP for a minute where enrollment has been declining since 2017, but coming down a million members would be coming down almost a third, which is, I think, the largest decline youve seen. So clearly, this doesnt generate a lot of earnings. I guess I have two questions. One is, I think it was Bruce who had made the comment about 20 basis points G&A improvement, business mix adjusted. This is a business with lower G&A. So if youre going to lose a couple of billion dollars of revenue here, how do we think about that impacting sort of that G&A improvement next year? And then the second piece would just be, is the whole thesis behind PDP, which is kind of originally, it would really set up to be a nice feeder into MA. Is that thesis kind of the bump? Is it less important? Clearly, youve grown very nicely in the last six years, five years, despite the fact that PDP has been coming down. So, I just wanted to get a call out on your thinking around that.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Maybe Ill take the latter point and then let Susan take the around the operating leverage. Gary, we do still see and we see conversions from PDP to Medicare Advantage on an ongoing basis. And we see that initial relationship we have with them as an opportunity to expand that relationship. One  two things are happening in PDP. First, there is a few plans that are really at the lower end, and we sort of question how they can get there at the price that theyre offering. And then theres a group of plans that are sort of in the same area were in. So theres a bifurcation thats happening in the industry, which is really causing people to, I think, to go to the lower end pricing there as a result of just the aggressiveness in the marketplace. And were not going to follow that direction. But what we do see is also because of the value proposition thats happened in MA that theres a much larger conversion just overall between PDP to MA and results. Its really that PDP is a declining business, not only in our company, but as you look at the industry side. But to answer your question, we do see it as a  still as a very viable opportunity for us to expand our MA platform through the PDP conversion as a result of just our relationship with the member and that is a specific strategy within our company.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And then Gary, to your question on operating leverage, if you recall we were clear that the 20 basis point commitment was on a business mix adjusted basis just recognizing across all of our lines of business. We have varying degrees of admin loads, so we remain committed to that that target and with respect to the PDP decline in particular as you mentioned, the admin rate does run lower than say Medicare for sure and so that will be accounted for in our ultimate operating expense ratio. I would just say with this level of reduction as you said we will work hard across the enterprise to ensure we get the appropriate amount of variable costs out, but then also take some ground on the indirect costs as well to make sure that the rest of the organization isn't pressured as a result.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Question just around the Home, and first just interested now that the final home health rates just came out, how that plus 0.7%. How you think about that sort of influencing your thoughts on home health margins for 2023? And then interested from the contracting perspective for your MA business, there's been a lot of focus amongst the home health industry and re-contracting to some different type of models. For example, moving to case rates with some value based care components to that. And it interested just in Humana's sort of interest in activity levels, I guess in terms of engaging in some of these types of recontracting considerations for  from the MA side as compared to from the home health side? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi Scott. So your first question on the final rule impact and I know we got some questions previously about the proposed 4.2% reduction and gave some commentary that from an enterprise perspective, that would've been about a $30 million hit relative to our sort of expectations at the time of bid. And that's a larger Home and Home Health business but mitigated by what would've been a benefit to the health plan. With the final rule coming out at 0.7%, obviously that headwind is no longer an issue and it would be slightly positive relative to what we thought at the time of bids, but I would say relatively immaterial, but certainly positive to what it would've been at 4.2%, which we had not contemplated earlier in the year. In terms of your question about how we think about the MA space in Home Health, Andy mentioned at Investor Day the work that his team is doing, both on implementing a full value-based model, which is inclusive of utilization management, network management, clinical advancement to take full capitated risk on Medicare patients and as we've mentioned in my commentary, we expect to have 15% of our members covered by that model by the end of the year. In addition, they're also working on value-based reimbursement models for the remainder of our Medicare population initially, and then would expect that we would offer  Kindred would offer those arrangements to other payer  MA payers as well. And so there, we are very focused on the same things making sure that we're driving appropriate utilization of Home Health services, but then also making advancement on the clinical side such that we can improve outcomes and would look to structure that contractually where there's some component of a fee-for-service payment, but then also participate in the savings that Kindred can help drive in terms of total cost of care going forward under a value-based payment model. So we would expect to continue to keep you apprised of our progress there. But we do intend to start with the Humana membership and then once we can demonstrate success, then look to take that to our agnostic payers as well.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning guys, and thanks for taking the questions. I guess first I'd ask kind of a big picture question on the recent star ratings performance. I suspect that you guys had a window into your star ratings performance before you held the Investor Day and provided the initial guidance. But I'd be interested if you guys had a sense for what the landscape was going to be like as it relates to Star's performance. And I guess does that kind of increase your optimism, your confidence in kind of outperforming the 2025 targets?
Bruce Broussard: We did have a insight into our ratings, but we did not have the ability to understand how the industry was going to perform during the Investor Day meeting. We continue to be remained confident and the capabilities of the company, I wouldn't, it gives us more confidence in what we can achieve and in our commitment but I wouldn't say it's going to overly impact that that commitment. But I do, we're very proud of those ratings. I'm very proud of what it means to deliver better health outcomes as well as a better financial performance.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could speak to expectations around growth in the number of lives where you're taking delegated risk in 2023, sort of compared to that 250,000 you'll end the year with, and maybe if you're growing MA in faster in areas that are supported by your own or other value-based care providers? And then if you could just update us your views on potential M&A specifically around primary care clinic operators?
Bruce Broussard: Why don't I  why don't I take the latter and then Susan can take the former. On the M&A side we continue to find the best  best value for use of our capital is really doing in-market acquisitions, and being able to roll those into existing primary care clinics that we have in the marketplace. There's not only the ability to leverage the size and scale in the marketplace, but also the administrative productivity we get and just the ability to continue to offer broader value to the payers we serve. So I think that will be the most likely scenario. Of course we've looked at some of the larger transactions that are out there and have been reviewing that. I think at this time we're not really convinced that's the right direction for us and we'll continue to do in-market. That might change, but based on where the  where the values are trading and what we can do and inside our marketplace, we'll probably do medium-to-smaller acquisitions at this time.
Susan Diamond: And then Josh to your second question; we didn't provide specific guidance this morning in terms of the increase in patients expected in our primary care business for 2023, because you can't expect that we will provide some commentary on our fourth quarter call. But what I will say more generally is that we certainly expect an increase in patient panel growth in 2023 relative to what we'll deliver in 2022. And as you said that's due to the additional centers that we've opened and then the continuing maturation of those centers. Some of that increased growth is also, as you sort of alluded to predicated on the improved Humana value proposition, which should then allow us to drive greater panel growth as a result of that. One thing we'll watch pretty closely is Florida in particular; we've made some nice advancement's there in the value proposition. We have a large number of our wholly own centers there and so we're anticipating improved growth within those whole owned centers and that is something in particular we'll be watching closely, but we'll certainly provide more commentary on our fourth quarter in terms of full year expectations for the provider organization patient panel growth.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Yes. Hi everybody. Just wondering we talk a lot about obviously what you're doing in the primary care arena and what you're doing with home health. The PBM it continues to be a big part of your services offering as well. Any thoughts or updated comments on strategically doing more with that, I know it's primary focus over the years has been just to service your internal MA population in your overall membership; but any thoughts on making any moves in that with respect to the PBM?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. A few things there A.J., one is just continuing to grow our penetration in mail order and what we see is the opportunity to continue to make that convenient for our customers as a result of being able to have home delivery and what we're really working hard on both of the digital experience, but also shortening the time of delivery through having more warehouses closer to where a large number of our members are. So we are working hard on the opportunity to continue to improve the mail order rate overall. We do have a few customers; I would say small customers that are utilizing our platform under more of a private label. We've seen that. I think that is an area of opportunity but not an area of focus for us. We've done a lot of work on the specialty side and we see the opportunity to continue to grow our specialty business, which is in a more of a provider oriented and an agnostic provider orientation, and the ability to continue to have stronger relationships with the pharmaceutical side and being able to utilize patient compliant programs. So I would say continue to grow our mail order is top through continuing to improve our experience. And then secondarily, our specialty area, we will look at opportunities to private label or do white label for our delivery, but that probably will be less of the focus.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Ha with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Ha: Hey, thank you guys. Just wanted to dive a little deeper into next years MA growth. So based on analysis weve done on planned value and benefit richness that shows Humana increasing benefit which is significantly more than your peers and almost double the national average. So stronger benefit coupled with leading star ratings performance and a surprising decline and starts from some of your peers, seemingly it looks like youre positioning into 2023 might be the strongest its been in recent history. I know youre expecting roughly in line with industry growth next year. But Im curious one, how is your MA growth application developed evolved since early October? And I understand and appreciate the multiyear earnings power that more membership growth can provide. But for 2023 specifically, just given the slightly dilutive impact of year one MA members, in the event you are able to exceed your growth expectations, how does that impact your ability to reach your target 2023 EPS, which gets to the low end of your long-term range. Is there a specific membership growth number that you think could be  end up being potentially diluted to earnings. Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Michael, so in terms of your first question, in terms of how our thinking has developed since sort of before all the data was released, I would say, as the data came out and we commented investor, we are pleased to see that our positioning is relatively speaking, generally where we expected it to be going into 2023, and that the  certainly the positive rate notice and then in addition, the additional value that our value creation initiative opened up for us in terms of capacity to reinvest into our Medicare product was sufficient to get us back to a really strong value proposition. Weve been able to also validate through discussions with brokers during that time that they are in agreement with our view that we are very well positioned in 2023. And I think a number of analysts have also had independent calls where they heard the same thing. That was further validation. We do recognize that we expect more change within the call center channel this year given some of the changes those partners are making, some comments theyve made about reducing marketing, et cetera. And so thats one of the reasons we continue to remain a little bit cautious in terms of our range, recognizing that well need to see how that develops. But I would say, as Bruce mentioned in his commentary, all the early signals are positive, while we recognize it is still early. In terms of your second question about is there any level of growth that would compromise our EPS contribution for the year? I would say, from a growth perspective no, I think weve commented a number of times that new members typically have little to no contribution, but they wouldnt be negative. They just wouldnt add incremental earnings accretion in the first year. The more relevant metric is retention. Those members obviously are positive in terms of contribution. And so thats why we always watch that closely. And to the degree we see outperformance in retention then we would  that could be a tailwind for 2023. And to the degree, it comes in lower, it could be a headwind. But again, based on everything were seeing and the strength of our product, we think our retention estimates and the improvement were expecting is quite reasonable.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much for taking my questions. Just a couple of really quick follow-up ones. One, Susan, you said that flu was kind of trending in line. But just given what were seeing in the Southern Hemisphere, Im just curious as to what your expectations are for Q4 and maybe even in the first part of 2023. And then just secondly, to the thoughts around the PBM, Bruce you highlighted the specialty business. Clearly, theres a number of biosimilars that are coming to the market. Im just curious as to how you think about that. Is Humira a big drug when we think about your specialty business? And is there an opportunity there as we think about late 2023, early 2024?
Susan Diamond: Hey, Lisa. So in terms of your first question about flu, so as I mentioned, we are seeing relatively low flu levels. Its very early in the flu season for the fourth quarter, and so well certainly continue to watch that. In terms of our expectations, we did anticipate in our guide that we would see flu levels higher in the fourth quarter than weve seen in the last two years, but not as high as we would have seen pre-COVID. And so far, again, while its early, the early trends are consistent with our expectations that well certainly continue to watch that. For 2023, we then assume some further incremental increase in flu going into next year, assuming that it wont permanently stay at the lower levels weve experienced to date. So well certainly keep you guys informed. But so far, we are seeing it run in line with expectations, which are slightly higher than what we experienced previously.
Bruce Broussard: And as you talk about Humira, as we look at both the 2023 and 2024, we continue to see that our existing contracting and the rebates that we receive. And when we compare that to whats in the marketplace today, we dont see a significant benefit coming from that. Now maybe as the competition increases and it becomes more oriented to driving down price. Well see some benefits. But in the short term, we just dont see the benefits at.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks. Hello everybody. Just a quick question here following up on the RADV situation. You mentioned that you cant really comment on what the adjustment might be for RADV with the new rule that was a new effect on Feb 1, following that 90-day extension. But investors seem to have just a pretty wide view on the potential impact of the company around the situation just based on some of the inbounds coming into us this week. I was wondering if you could maybe just take a second, just remind investors of the framework of the situation. And just more color on how heavily you guys are focused on this internally just for context. Is this a potential material risk factor? Or is it not expected to really be material relative to your preliminary EPS growth guidance youve already provided? Just wanted to get more sense for that just to help the investment community around this dynamic. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hi Steve, yes, happy to answer that. So as weve disclosed previously, our view is that the proposed rule failed to adequately address the statutory requirement of actuarial equivalents by not applying a fee-for-service adjuster to the RADV overpayment calculations. Weve been very proactive in communicating our position and have provided substantive comments to CMS. And actively engaged, hoping that CMS will address these concerns in the final rule. In addition, weve commented a number of times on our internal programs around risk adjustment, and we feel very good about what we feel are industry-leading processes as respect to Medicare Risk adjustment compliance. And our sophisticated mechanisms for correcting risk adjustment data if we determine there to be errors in that data. This has included internal contract level audits that we perform, which we have reported the results of which to CMS, including any identified over payments. And then as you pointed out, we do have a material risk factor. Its included in our disclosures related to this item. So definitely would encourage investors to review that language as it does represent a material item depending on how the final rule comes out.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Rob Cottrell with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Rob Cottrell: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of follow-ups. First, I appreciate the commentary on stronger-than-expected applications so far in AEP. But can you remind us the typical pacing of applications throughout AEP? How much is back-end weighted? How many applications come through after Thanksgiving in those last 10 days? And then secondly, interested if you can comment on expected utilization rates of some of the more cash-like benefits that youre all offering next year in the healthy option allowance. Does that utilization increase given its more of a cash payment to the beneficiary? And does that have any MLR implication? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi Rob, yes, in terms of your first question in terms of sort of completion over the course of AEP. I would say you definitely see a little bit more back loaded, particularly say, the last two weeks of the AEP selling cycle, represents a disproportionate percentage of the sales. And so thats why unfortunately, it generally takes since you get pretty late in the AEP cycle to fully predict what the outcome will be, even as you can imagine, the 2% movement in either retention or sales rates can have a meaningful impact. And so I would say it is back loaded. Terms are even more back loaded. And thats a function of, if a member were to dis-enroll, they have to enroll another plan. That plan has to communicate it to CMS and then CMS communicated to us, which is why that takes longer for us to be able to see the full completion. In terms of the cash-like benefits and expected utilization, we do expect a very high utilization rate for those benefits. Weve seen that for the OTC benefit and food card that weve offered the last number of years, and we expect that to be the case with some of the new services that are included in our offering for 2023. We also included an enhanced rollover benefit. We expect that to also generate some additional utilization as it provides more flexibility to members. Weve contemplated all of that, obviously, in our pricing for 2023 and our estimates. And given the high rate of utilization we anticipate, I dont expect that to create any pressure in terms of our guidance for 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Im not showing any further questions at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to Bruce Broussard for any closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: As I stated at the end of my comments, Ill just continue to reiterate, I want to say thank you to our 63,000 employees that really make our success every day and what they do. I also want to thank our investors for continuing to support  continue to support us. And as you can tell from the call and from our comments, were excited about the strong fundamentals of the industry and as a company and look forward to continuing to provide you updated progress on us meeting the committed. Thank you for your time today, and we look forward to continuing to have the dialogue on our progression.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Lisa Stoner: [Technical Difficulty] Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2022 results and our updated financial outlook for 2022. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the line for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our second quarter 2022 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note in particular that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with the other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that todays discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Managements explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays press release. Finally, any reference to earnings per share, or EPS made during this conference call, refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I will turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa and good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana reported financial results for the second quarter of 2022 that reflected our solid fundamentals and strong execution across the enterprise. In the second quarter, our adjusted earnings per share, was $8.67, which was above our initial expectations. Our outperformance in the quarter was driven by broad-based strength across the organization. Our updated full year guidance of approximately $24.75 represents compelling earnings growth of over 20% over our 2021 results. Susan will share additional detail on our second quarter performance and our full year outlook in a moment. As we look ahead, we are confident that we continue to deliver strong results as a leader in Medicare Advantage and value-based care delivery. Over the last several months, we have taken deliberate steps to meaningfully advance our strategy. In our Medicare Advantage business, we finalized our 2023 product strategy as reflected in our bids and are confident the investments we have made will significantly enhance the value proposition of our offerings. These investments were supported by the enterprise commitment to delivering on our $1 billion value creation initiative, which we expect to significantly improve membership growth in 2023, while still delivering compelling earnings growth consistent with our long-term target. Beyond our product investments, we have worked with our external sales partners to enhance recruiting, training and incentive programs, which we believe will lead to improved member retention. We have enhanced the way we work with over all of our 40 external care partner centers  partners, creating increased alignment by linking incentives to quality and retention metrics and many of our partners have also revised agent level incentives to emphasize retention. We continue to see an increase in member satisfaction year-over-year, demonstrating the positive impact of our efforts. We held our annual external sales partner conference last week and are encouraged by the optimism and excitement expressed by our distribution partners on our commitment to return to market leading growth and in the specific investments we have made. We are also making significant progress in advancing our Medicaid strategy. We received notification of a contract award from Louisiana in June. We are very proud of the teams success articulating Humanas unique Medicaid capabilities and our ability to organically grow our Medicaid footprint. We are actively preparing for the Ohio contract implementation later this year as well as the implementation in Louisiana, which is expected in early 2023. In addition, we continue to actively work towards procuring additional awards in our priority states. Within our Healthcare Services segment, we continue to expand our CenterWell assets. We established a second joint venture with Welsh Carson that will deploy up to $1.2 billion of capital to develop up to 100 new CenterWell senior primary care clinics between 2023 and 2025. In the Home business, we began expansion of the value-based model in June with the implementation in Virginia, increasing the number of MA members covered by the model to 331,000, a 22% increase. These actions are building significant momentum within the organization and position us for continued strong growth and leadership in the delivery of integrated value-based care. Turning to our $1 billion value creation initiative, we have made strong progress towards our target and now have line of sight into initiatives valued at over $900 million in 2023 in design, execute or full realization stages. This is up from $575 million when we last provided an update in April. We are confident in our ability to fully deliver against the important commitment and ultimately realize $1 billion of value in 2023. As I have just highlighted, we have made meaningful progress advancing our strategy in recent months, resulting in significant expansion of our healthcare service businesses and further strengthening our Medicare Advantage and Medicaid platforms. In addition to our strategy advancement, the work completed on our value creation initiative has led to an organizational simplification that enables us to accelerate our previously planned organizational streamline. Beginning in 2023, we will realign the company into two distinct units: Insurance Services and CenterWell. Insurance Services will be made up of the businesses that currently sit in the retail and group and specialty segments, while CenterWell represent the current Healthcare Service segment. We believe this simpler structure will create greater collaboration across our Insurance and CenterWell business and will accelerate work that is underway to centralize and integrate operations within the organization. The realignment also expands the scope of authority for leaders and allows us to operate with greater agility and focus in increasing capture synergies across our portfolio. Importantly, we are committed to providing the transparency you are accustomed to receiving from Humana when we transition to the new segments to ensure you have the information needed to follow our progress and understand the economics of our material businesses. To lead this new segment, we have launched an external search for a President of Insurance and Enterprise Services. We are targeting candidates who can look across insurance business in key centralized platforms and services, driving enterprise-level strategic execution. We also look for this individual to bring deep experience in running complex organizations. A key focus of this role will be to help us continue to simplify our structure, to make us more agile and to further improve our ability to increase synergies between our businesses and improve outcomes for our customers. We anticipate naming this individual by the end of the year. As announced in our 8-K this morning, after a long successful career at Humana, Alan Wheatley will transition from his role at the end of the year. Alan has had a distinguished 31-year career at Humana and I am grateful for his significant contribution to the organization. We are confident that momentum Alan and team have created throughout 2022 in the Medicare business will drive a successful 2023 AEP. I appreciate Alans commitment to Humana and I am pleased that he has agreed to serve as a strategic adviser until next year to ensure a seamless transition. Alan has developed a strong leadership team with  in the retail organization and we are fortunate to have the opportunity for these talented and experienced leaders to expand their responsibilities. Effective August 5, George Renaudin will take on the new role of President of Medicare and Susan Smith, Senior VP, will take on an expanded role of leading our enterprise services, which includes our clinical, consumer experience, STARS and Medicare risk adjustment teams. John Barger will continue leading our Medicaid organization in his role as President of Medicaid. George, Susan and John, who have 55 years plus of combined experience across different functions at Humana will report to Alan until the new role of President is filled. In addition, [indiscernible] will continue to lead our Group and Specialty segment business, also ultimately reporting to the new President of Insurance and Enterprise Services when the segment realignment is finalized in 2023. In conclusion, I would leave you with the following. First, we are pleased with the momentum we have executing our strategy. Our strong year-to-date results, positive outlook for the remainder of the year and in the significant progress we have made in our $1 billion value creation initiative to improve membership growth for 2023. Second, we are confident that the evolution of our organizational structure will accelerate the advancement of our strategy and result in a more efficient and integrated organization. And finally, we remain confident in our ability to drive compelling returns for our shareholders. We invite you to join us at our virtual investor update on September 15, where we plan to give you more insight into our go-forward strategy and our positioning for continued success. We will provide you with a deeper view into our attractive financial outlook and appropriate KPIs, our leadership position in the industry and our long-term strategy, including additional detail into our home and primary care businesses. With that, I will turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce and good morning everyone. I will start by echoing Bruces confidence in our current year performance, the steps we have taken to improve membership growth in 2023 and our ability to drive compelling returns for our shareholders. Our second quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $8.67 represents 26% growth over second quarter 2021 and is approximately $1 higher than our previous expectations. The favorable results in the quarter were supported by strong performance across many of our lines of business and were driven primarily by lower than anticipated medical cost trends and our individual Medicare Advantage and Medicaid businesses partially offset by higher than expected non-inpatient costs and group Medicare Advantage. We also experienced lower-than-anticipated administrative costs, some of which was timing in nature. Importantly, I want to reiterate that utilization in our core, individual Medicare Advantage business is running favorable to expectations. The lower utilization trends and lack of COVID headwinds seen to-date give us confidence in raising our full year adjusted EPS guide by $0.25 to approximately $24.75, while still maintaining a $0.50 EPS COVID headwind for the back half of the year. In addition, the revised guide contemplates an investment of approximately $0.75 EPS in additional marketing and distribution in the back half of the year to further support our improved 2023 Medicare Advantage product offerings. Finally, the revised guide covers $0.65 EPS dilution related to the pending hospice divestiture versus the $0.50 contemplated in our previous guide, which is expected to close in the third quarter. Our updated full year guidance reflects a compelling 20% growth in adjusted earnings for 2022, while funding additional investments to support our long-term growth. If we see additional favorability emerge in the back half of the year, including the remaining $0.50 in embedded COVID headwind, we will be prudent in balancing further investments in support of long-term growth and additional shareholder returns in 2022. We are focused on maximizing long-term value and will be transparent in our approach. With respect to quarterly earnings seasonality, at this time, we expect third quarter earnings to be approximately 25% of our full year estimate. Finally, as Bruce shared, we have made significant progress toward our $1 billion value creation plan. Actions during the quarter resulted in certain one-time costs of $203 million which have been adjusted for non-GAAP purposes. These expenses were primarily driven by consolidation and retirement of technology assets during the quarter, resulting in more efficient operations and lower investment requirements going forward. As we continue to advance the value creation plan, we expect to incur additional one-time costs in the back half of the year, which will also be adjusted for non-GAAP purposes. With that, I will now provide additional details on our second quarter performance by segment, beginning with retail. Medicare Advantage membership growth and revenue are trending in line with expectations. As previously mentioned, total medical costs in our individual Medicare Advantage business ran favorable to expectations in the second quarter. We continue to see lower-than-anticipated inpatient utilization partially offset by higher inpatient unit costs, while non-inpatient costs were slightly favorable to expectations. With respect to intra-year development, you will recall that our first quarter estimates considered the higher unit costs experienced in the fourth quarter of 2021. We were encouraged to see the first quarter restate favorably and have seen some moderation in inpatient unit costs relative to our previous estimates, while non-inpatient costs also restated slightly lower. With respect to COVID, we have seen an uptick in cases in recent weeks but hospitalization rates remain lower than we have seen in previous surges. While we are not concerned with the utilization patterns observed to-date, we acknowledge the continued uncertainty related to the pandemic and therefore maintained $0.50 of COVID contingency in our revised EPS guidance. We are pleased with the performance of our individual Medicare Advantage business to-date and remain on track to deliver at least 50 basis points of improvement in pre-tax margin in 2022. Group Medicare Advantage non-inpatient costs were higher in the quarter than our initial expectations in part due to higher surgical volumes, which we have assumed will continue for the remainder of the year. In 2021, we saw more significant depressed utilization in group Medicare than individual Medicare and expected some normalization in 2022. While group Medicare inpatient costs are consistent with our expectations year-to-date, non-inpatient costs have been higher in recent months, some of which maybe reflective of pent-up demand post the Omicron surge. We will continue to monitor emerging group Medicare trends to determine if the higher than initially expected utilization continues as currently contemplated in our full year guide or if we ultimately see the trends moderate. Our Medicaid business performed well in the quarter, experiencing lower-than-expected medical costs. We updated our full year Medicaid membership guidance from a range of down $25,000 to $50,000 to a range of up $75,000 to $100,000 to reflect the extension of the public health emergency to mid-October. We increased our Retail segment revenue guidance by $350 million at the midpoint from a range of $81.2 billion to $82.2 billion to a range of $81.7 billion to $82.4 billion primarily reflecting the increase in Medicaid membership expectations for the year. Despite the increase in expected Medicaid membership for the year, which carries a higher benefit ratio as well as the higher-than-anticipated non-inpatient cost in group Medicare, we have maintained our original full year retail benefit ratio guidance as outperformance in our individual Medicare Advantage business is providing an offset in the segment. Group and Specialty segment results were slightly favorable for the quarter largely driven by the specialty business and lower dental utilization trends in particular. As previously shared, we are focused on margin stability in the Employer Group Medical business near-term and as a result of rating actions taken in the back half of 2021 to incorporate expected ongoing COVID cost, we are experiencing higher attrition in our fully insured group medical business than originally anticipated. We are updating our full year commercial medical membership guidance from down $125,000 to $165,000 to down approximately $200,000. In addition, we are reducing our revenue guidance for the segment by $200 million at the midpoint reflective of the lower membership expectations. Full year pre-tax earnings for this segment remain on track, aided by the specialty outperformance. I will now discuss our Healthcare Services businesses. Recall that this segment had a strong start to the year with Pharmacy meaningfully outperforming in the first quarter, which we expected to persist throughout the year, although with some moderation. Pharmacy results in the second quarter tracked in line with our increased expectations. Mail order penetration was 38.5% year-to-date for our individual Medicare Advantage members, a 90 basis point increase year-over-year. Primary care organization results were slightly favorable to expectations for the quarter, driven by ongoing operational improvements combined with administrative expense favorability. We added 4 de novo centers and 10 wholly owned centers through acquisition in the second quarter, bringing our total center count to 222 after center consolidations. We are on pace with our targets for the year and continue to expect to operate approximately 250 centers by year end. Turning to the home, home health episodic admissions are up 3.1% year-over-year, while total admissions are up 4.9% year-over-year, consistent with expectations. For the full year, we continue to expect total home health admissions to be up mid single-digits. The hospice business performed well in the quarter, with total admissions up approximately 5% year-over-year driven by increased access to facility-based referral sources and incremental investments in the business to expand clinical capacity. The Kindred hospice divestiture is on pace to close in the third quarter. We have updated our full year guidance ranges to reflect this anticipated transaction, resulting in a reduction in Healthcare Services segment revenue of approximately $400 million at the midpoint, which reflects the hospice divestiture, partially offset by the increased pharmacy expectations discussed in the first quarter. In addition, we have reduced our full year consolidated adjusted operating cost ratio guidance from a range of 13.2% to 14.2% to a range of 13% to 13.5% as the hospice business carries a higher operating cost ratio than the companys consolidated operating cost ratio. From a capital deployment perspective, we anticipate a customary level of share repurchases in 2022 and expect our debt to capitalization ratio to be in the low 40s at the end of the year as we utilize proceeds from the Kindred hospice divestiture to deleverage. Before closing, I would again reiterate that we are pleased with our performance to-date, fueled by broad-based strength across the enterprise, supporting our full year guidance raise and providing capacity to make additional investments in marketing and distribution in the back half of 2022 to further support our improved 2023 Medicare Advantage product offerings. We are well positioned to achieve our $1 billion value creation goal, which has allowed further investment in our Medicare Advantage offerings for 2023 and expansion of our healthcare services capabilities, while remaining on track to generate earnings growth in 2023 within our long-term target range. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes [Technical Difficulty] BMO Capital Markets. Pardon me, Matt. Please check your mute button. Matt Borsch, please check your mute button, your line is now open. And our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Bruce Broussard: I can.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Justin.
Justin Lake: Hi, good morning. So Im going to try to squeeze in a couple of numbers questions. First on MLR in the quarter. It sounded like the MLR had some moving parts, but was in line-ish, give or take, with your own expectations. Obviously, consensus is a little bit lower than this. So I was hoping, you gave us some EPS seasonality. Given your retail business still has 100 basis points of a range, maybe you could tell us where you think youre going to be in that range for the back half of the year and to think about 3Q versus 4Q? So people like me dont mismodel it again for the back half. And then on the divestiture, Susan, can you walk us through the numbers a little bit more? I mean the $0.65 is a little bit bigger than I had expected. And just trying to understand how much revenue are you selling annualized, how much profit was there. What are you doing with the divestiture proceeds in terms of just like mapping out because if youre a $0.65 for, lets just say, third of the year of dilution, that would indicate to me that you have another $1.30 on next year of dilution? So thats a pretty decent headwind to next year. And just how do you offset that? Because it sounds like you reiterated the 11% to 15% growth next year. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Justin. Ill try to address those. So yes, in terms of MLR, as you said internally, it is meeting our expectation. As you mentioned, analyst expectations did vary. I think there was on the consolidated MLR, about a 200 basis point spread in analyst expectations at about 150% basis point spread in retail. There is a wide variation. What came out in terms of consensus was based on just a few who happened to respond to this survey. So we do want to reiterate that what we are seeing internally from an individual Medicare Advantage perspective, we are seeing better-than-expected results and better-than-expected MERs based on the  primarily the lower inpatient utilization we mentioned. Within the segment, though, as we said, there is some mix impact in terms of the higher Medicaid membership that comes with a higher MER typically as well as the group Medicare pressure that we mentioned in my commentary. But when you consider all of that, as we said, we are very pleased with our performance, in particular, the strength of individual MA improvement which, is reflective of the more conservative pricing approach we took in our bids that weve been talking about all year. For the full year, we also remain confident in what we are seeing we will certainly continue to watch the emerging trends to see if that results in any additional favorability in the back half of the year relative to our estimates. But currently, we are forecasting that we will be in line with our expectations for the retail segment for the year despite the higher Medicaid membership and group MA pressure. On the hospice transaction, as far as the divestiture, you are correct, the $0.65 is reflective of the expectation that we will close that divestiture in the third quarter. It is a little bit higher than you might expect if you just run rate some of the numbers that we shared when we did the initial transaction. There is about $1.5 billion in revenue associated with that segment. The reason there is a little bit higher dilution is the fact that the entity expects to take on debt once they divest. So the interest expense, particularly in this rate environment, is a little bit higher than we had initially expected in our guide at the first quarter and then also some of the dissynergies that will occur as a result of operating independently from the home health organization. All of that was considered when we contemplated the divestiture. And so as weve been thinking about 2023 planning, we were contemplating the divestiture of that position. And so we still expect to deliver within our long-term target range and be able to cover the impact of the hospice transaction, which we continue to believe is the right thing to do strategically. As for the proceeds, as weve said before, we do intend to use the majority of those proceeds to pay down debt to deliver on the Humana side, which will allow us to get back down to at the low 40s as we mentioned in my commentary.
Justin Lake: Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Matt Borsch: Alright. Lets try it this time. Can you hear me?
Susan Diamond: Hi, Matt. We can hear you.
Matt Borsch: Okay, great. Sorry about my mute button malfunction. I was as obviously quite a bit here. Maybe I could just ask about the in-patient higher unit costs that you mentioned, is that simply a function of lower admissions and therefore higher acuity on what remains or is that reflecting some other factors that maybe you could touch on?
Susan Diamond: Yes, Matt. Good question. And we spoke to some of this in the first quarter as we were seeing this and accounted for in our first quarter estimates. So if you recall, some of it is, as you said, just a reflection of when you see lower inpatient utilization, typically some of the lower-cost admissions are the ones that are no longer occurring and so you tend to see a little bit higher unit cost than whats left over. So we did see some of that. But we did see some higher just unit cost for certain underlying procedures, and we continue to evaluate that. And as I mentioned in our second quarter intra-year development, we were pleased to see some of that moderate relative to what we had seen and booked as of the first quarter. So we will continue to watch that. The one other thing I would point out, and we mentioned this in the first quarter, some of the reasons were seeing lower inpatient volumes is a continued shift of procedures from the inpatient to the outpatient setting. And when that occurs, that typically results in activity that is lower than average unit cost with an inpatient setting shifting to that outpatient setting, also putting pressure on the unit cost. That was something that we had not fully anticipated as we entered the year. CMS, if you recall, reinstated the inpatient-only list. And so we did not expect to see continued shifting both in our utilization and unit cost estimates. And so as weve seen that continue to transition despite CMS actions, we saw the benefits of that on utilization, but then some increase to the unit cost. The unit costs are still higher than all of that said, then we would have expected still continue to watch that and see if in the coming months that doesnt continue to moderate. We have great visibility in real-time to inpatient utilization, but to fully evaluate the unit cost, were dependent on those claims coming in over time. And so we will continue to watch that and keep you apprised of what were seeing.
Matt Borsch: Just a quick follow-up. Is there any driver that you know for the shift to outpatient?
Susan Diamond: Its primarily orthopedic, which we saw in 2021 as well. And so we saw a significant shift in 21 and continue to see additional shifts, and it is primarily in the orthopedic space.
Matt Borsch: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I want to try and better understand what youre doing around 2023 growth. Are you committed to reaccelerating growth? And obviously, part of that is driven by the $1 billion of cost saves that youve identified. But then trying to understand a little bit how the outperformance and reinvestment into growth affects that. It sounds like thats in addition to whatever you did on the benefit side, and were already planning to do from the marketing side. I just want to make sure I understand that. And then also, the outperformance in retail or individual MA, was that captured when you submitted your bids or is that  I mean thats kind of developed more favorably since you submitted your bid?
Susan Diamond: Sure, Kevin. Let me take that. In terms of 2023 growth, we are very pleased with the progress weve made on the $1 billion value creation goal. And as weve been saying, the intent is to use the benefit of that work to primarily support investment in our Medicare business, but also support some acceleration within our healthcare services capabilities. And within the Medicare business, weve commented that the majority of the dollars that will be directed to Medicare will support improved value proposition in our Medicare Advantage offerings, but also support increased investment in marketing and distribution to support that. As we completed all of the planning work by the Medicare organization, as they thought through their product strategy, I would say the Medicare team was really pleased with the capacity that, that $1 billion value creation effort created for them, and they feel really good about the investments it allowed them to make and are feeling confident that we will be able to demonstrate significant improvement in our Medicare growth in 2023. As Bruce mentioned in his comments, we had a chance to meet with our external distribution partners recently and share some of those details and were really pleased with the reaction and positive sentiment and optimism expressed and commitment to returning to growth that our investment is demonstrated. In our commentary this morning, we were pleased to announce that given the outperformance weve seen in 2022 and the second quarter in particular that did give us some capacity to invest some of that outperformance into additional marketing and distribution thats anticipated to support the 2023 AEP. And we felt really strongly that given the amount of investment we made in our Medicare products for 23, were going to certainly make sure we appropriately support it with marketing and distribution investments to ensure that we maximize the return off of those investments. So the team is really thrilled with what weve been able to do, and were feeling confident. We will obviously have to see how the landscape data comes out just exactly how were positioned and refine our estimates and we typically give you some sense in our third quarter call. Im not prepared to do that today. But you want to express that we feel very optimistic and confident that we will see significantly higher growth relative to 2022 off the strength of the investments that weve made. In terms of the lower utilization, I would say, weve certainly talked in our first quarter commentary of some of the utilization, depression that we saw. I would say that generally, we attributed that to COVID at that that. As you recall, we were seeing a much faster decline in COVID hospitalizations with this latest surge than weve seen previously. And so we attributed the lower non-COVID utilization to simply a slower bounce back because that was not anticipated generally. So when you think about our bids, we would not have anticipated any of the favorability weve seen this year to signal sort of sustained below baseline utilization or medical costs and would have assumed in 2023 a more steady state sort of normal course level of medical cost trend. So to the degree we see further improvement that we think is reflective of just lower core trend then that would be favorable to what we would have anticipated at the time of bids.
Kevin Fischbeck: Alright. Great, thank you.
Susan Diamond: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Thanks. Maybe just to clean up quickly, some of the questions have been already asked. I know youre saying hospice is a headwind for next year and value creation is a positive. I wonder if I could broaden it out and get you to talk about at this early day without giving guidance, what your headwinds and tailwinds are in a major buckets for next year and maybe also with the 11% to 15% growth target, whats the jumping off point in your mind for 2022 to get to that? And then Bruce, youve mentioned the reorganization insurance business and services business. It sounds like thats mostly to facilitate better coordination internally. Can you tell us where some of those opportunities are. And then second, is this a prelude to the services business is beginning to focus on external clients. I want know home health does that already. But I wondered the PBM and some of those other areas that have historically just supported Humana. Are you thinking about opening that up?
Bruce Broussard: Lets Susan take the first question.
Susan Diamond: Yes, A.J., Ill take the first one then transition to Bruce. As it reflects 2023, our first quarter commentary did confirm that you can think about the baseline for 23 as the $24.50 that we adjusted to you then. I would say that for right now, were not going to comment on any further adjustment to the 2023 baseline or 2022 baseline rather for 23. And thats just because weve got our Investor Day conference scheduled for September 15, where we do intend to talk about or expect long-term growth expectations. And so I dont want to get in front of any of that. But I will say that broadly speaking, as we think have thought about our bid planning and our planning for 2023, we were mindful of our stated long-term growth target. There is always a variety of puts and takes that go into every  the planning every year. I would say some of the known headwinds would have been obviously the anticipated hospice divestiture that has always been contemplated in our thinking for 23. So thats not a surprise. More recently, we have seen the proposed rate  negative rate adjustment for home health that would not have been something we previously contemplated. And we will have to see ultimately where the final proposal comes out and whether that sees some improvement relative to the current proposal. But that would be something that we hadnt contemplated and one of those puts and takes we have to manage. From a positive perspective, certainly, membership growth in 2023, were expecting to see improvement. We will have to see as AEP plays out, whether that is more favorable than we might have expected, which could be a positive. And also the medical cost trends, obviously, that were seeing this year, as I mentioned in my commentary, we will continue to evaluate those and see whether some of that continues to be positive through 2023. We always have to think about then any risk adjustment implications of any utilization variation that we see and we will certainly be mindful of that. And I would say the one other thing we continue to watch is flu. Weve seen very low flu the last few years. Some of the early indicators from Australia in particular do suggest a higher flu season for the fourth  potentially for the fourth quarter. So we continue to watch that. But again, that would be one of those puts and takes that we continue to watch. So a variety of things, but I would say nothing thats such an outlier that is giving us concern at this point, but rather normal course things that we would manage through for 2023. And then Bruce, do you want to...
Bruce Broussard: Yes, hey, A.J., just on the segmentation and the recruiting of a new president, a few things from that. First, we are seeing in our work on the $1 billion some really great opportunity to create some simplification and the ability to leverage a number of our different areas within the insurance area. So there is a lot of work now going into really consolidating service centers into one service center, the ability to use our clinical programs not only in the Medicare side, but also in our commercial book of business in a much more integrated way. And then the third area were seeing a lot of work being done and being able to utilize a lot of our consumer technology. And so in the work that weve done in the simplification through our $1 billion initiative, we just saw some great opportunity to be able to bring it together in a much more efficient way. In addition, what we do see in our work in the local markets of being able to integrate are various different healthcare services that there is a wonderful opportunity we refer to as the flywheel and we will provide you a further update at the Investor Meeting on September 15 about the ability to integrate across the various different services and be able to create a much more holistic approach in being able to move from primary care to home and even into our pharmacy utilization, both mail order and onsite. And so we see the opportunity to leverage that along with the fact that you brought up the payer agnostic. We do see some great opportunity today, both CenterWell primary care and the home are agnostic and continue to see great growth, serving both other payers and other parts of the Medicare system. And at the same time, were also seeing opportunity within our primary  within our pharmacy area to offer some agnostic opportunities there. So the ability for it to integrate and also to expand beyond the Medicare side of the business is really at the heart of what you see us more formally creating the CenterWell service side, while on the insurance side, continuing to leverage the efficiencies across the various different insurance platforms.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Bruce Broussard: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Good morning. Thanks for the questions. You talked about utilization in the individual MA business running favorable to expectations. Is the lower admits per 1,000 that you called out. Is that related to COVID? Or are you also seeing favorability on non-COVID utilization as well? And can you talk about what you expect over the balance of the year? And then Susan, could you also address the increase in days claims payable in the quarter? What drove that and what you were expecting in the guidance? And given that it is sort of above the longer-term rate that you target how you expect that to trend over the balance of the year.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Nathan. Happy to answer that. So as you mentioned, we are seeing lower inpatient utilization, which we have seen all year. The first quarter, we did see certainly a faster decline in COVID thats obviously now subsided. As weve gotten further away from that last surge, weve continued to see lower inpatient utilization. As weve analyzed it, there are a few things that are primarily driving that. One is lower flu. As I mentioned, we have seen lower levels than historical that impacted the first half of the year. That will certainly moderate in the third quarter because you see low flu activity in general. And as I mentioned, we will have to watch and see how flu develops in the fourth quarter. So right now, we are assuming that we dont return fully to sort of pre-COVID levels, but rather its some moderation from that, but we are assuming it doesnt run quite as low as we have seen through the pandemic. We have to watch and see how flu develops in the fourth quarter. Right now, we are assuming that we dont return fully to sort of pre-COVID levels, but rather its some moderation from that, but we are assuming it doesnt run quite as low as we have seen through the pandemic. We also saw, as I mentioned, continued inpatient-to-outpatient shifts. That was something, as I said, we did not contemplate in our initial guide. And so thats positively impacting the inpatient utilization. We are seeing some higher unit costs as a result in utilization. We are seeing some higher unit costs as a result. But as I mentioned, on the non-inpatient side, while were seeing that higher utilization, we are seeing in total, though, slightly positive overall non-inpatient costs relative to expectations. So weve been able to absorb that higher volume shift within the non-inpatient estimates as well. And then we are seeing some improved impact from some of our utilization management programs. They are also positively impacting inpatient activity. So other than the flu that we will moderate some, we dont have any reason to think that inpatient to outpatient or the positive utilization management impacts wont continue for the rest of the year, and so that is contemplated in our full year guide. In terms of DCP, as you said, it is up 3 days sequentially, and that was primarily driven as you can see in some of our disclosures by additional provider accruals as well as fee-for-service days and claims payable. And so is reflective of a stronger reserve positioning as of the end of the second quarter versus what you saw first quarter. You can also see that reflected in the higher IBNR trends relative to premium. I think our IBNR trends were up 2.9% versus premium trends of about 1.9%. So we think reflective of an appropriately conservative posture with respect to reserves at the end of the second quarter.
Lisa Stoner: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My question is how do you accelerate the movement of membership to value-based care providers other than sort of building out the capacity? How are you working with the centers or external partners to get more of the MA lives into value-based care next year?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Thats a constant work for us, and we are up a little bit this quarter as a result of our efforts. A few things there. We continue to look at our partners that are  wanting to move to value base. And weve seen some really great opportunities there, especially over the last year or so as weve exited out of COVID, the ability for us to then provide resources for them in the  both the technology area and the human resource area to allow them to make that transition and then provide them a contract that allows them to appropriately manage that risk. Sometimes I want to take just upside risk, sometimes I want to take up and down risk with some kind of color or full risk. So we really want to walk with them as they evolve into their risk tolerance. But what we see the most is really building on the partnerships that we have in growing our membership base in those partnerships. And what weve seen in a number of markets where weve had once a fairly antagonistic relationship with both hospital systems and physician groups that they have evolved to be very positive. And as they evolve are positive, we see much more membership growth in that relationship, which has been very positive for us. What we also measured there, Josh, is not only what  how many members we have in value based, but also their surplus because we could get them into value based, but if they are not really performing both in the STARS risk adjustment and in addition, the health outcomes its really for not. And so a lot of the work were doing, not only is about getting more members in there but also making it more effective for our members to be  I mean our value-based relationships to be more effective. Weve been averaging in the 60s, the mid-60s. Weve increased a little bit this year, I would suspect that we will continue to see more members, but also as our membership growth grows that percentage doesnt move as much. And so we are getting more and more members in there. But on a percentage basis, it might not look like were moving as much. But we are actually both effectively getting more members in there but as importantly, being much more effective in the way that were performing as value-based providers are getting more into the surplus.
Susan Diamond: And Josh, I would add to what Bruce mentioned. I think in terms of some specific things we do to try to encourage the utilization of those high-performing providers, we certainly work with our distribution partners who have an opportunity at the time of enrollment to help with PCP selection. And so they are certainly educated on all the benefits of those high-performing primary care providers and know who they are in each market and can help with that. We certainly work to make sure our provider sort of physician finder tools that both agents and consumers use properly reflect the quality and the services that are available by those providers, and you will see that if you ever go out to the site and how those providers are ranked based on cost and quality. And then finally, I would say, certainly, our provider organization and our health plans work in coordination on marketing efforts and continue to try various campaigns and learn whats proving to be effective in driving greater awareness and adoption of those high-performing models. So, all of those things, I think contribute in addition to what Bruce mentioned to some of the progress that we have seen.
Joshua Raskin: Got it. And then if I could just sneak in. I just want to confirm, Susan, did you say that the baseline for 22 is still the $24.50 and has not changed, or were you just saying we will update it on September 15th?
Susan Diamond: Yes. I think given that we have got the September 15th Investor Day coming up, where we have committed to providing an update on how we think about our long-term EPS growth range, we would just prefer to wait and have that discussion at Investor Day more comprehensively versus a discrete sort of commentary on the baseline today. So, its not that we are saying  it wont change, we just want to go ahead and provide a more comprehensive update on September 15th.
Joshua Raskin: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi. Good morning and thank you for all the details. So, Bruce, a question for you. I mean clearly, there is a lot of moving parts in core utilization. But just as we think kind of like big picture, 2.5 years into the pandemic, you are seeing that move to sort of lower cost in-patient. You talk a lot about home, telehealth. What are you seeing in the market? As you think about things, how do you think about sort of just kind of like structurally sort of core utilization because I am assuming that thats something that will be part of how you are thinking about those long-term targets that you are going to provide us in September?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, we continue to believe two things are happening and that are structural changes in healthcare. One is around the continued movement to a specialty-oriented mindset to more generalist, whether thats primary care, but also the ability to leverage nursing and physician assistance, etcetera. So, just who is doing the work, we see that continuing to be pushed down. And then the second thing that we see is where its being conducted and how the procedures are being and the interventions are being offered. And we see a continued movement to more convenient settings that are also more cost effective. So, moving  obviously, the outpatient has been a long-term trend. But in addition, moving to the primary care office, but moving to the home, moving to telehealth and in addition to leveraging digital. And so we see that all moving towards a much more proactive and convenient setting, leveraging many other professional clinicians into the healthcare system. And we see that as an opportunity to continue to not only drive down where the cost is but also the health outcomes where we can continue to be much more proactive in the ability to slow down disease progression and really prevent preventable events.
Susan Diamond: Next question. Sorry Ricky.
Ricky Goldwasser: So, I am just kind of like thinking how you are kind of thinking about that as you think about the MLR. I mean clearly, you saw kind of like the MLR in the quarter that was a little bit higher than Street expectations. But are you starting to see that impacting the MLR when you parse out the membership mix?
Susan Diamond: Sure. I will take that. So, I would say, as you mentioned, while MLR was different and didnt meet consensus, thats again reflective of how I mentioned earlier. There is a wide range in the consensus estimate. Those are not necessarily reflective of internal estimates. And so relative to our internal estimates, we did see outperformance particularly in our individual MA business. And so its important to keep that in mind. I would say that we are seeing so far, certainly in ER use observations. They are continuing to run lower than we saw pre-COVID. Some of that, I do think its probably reflective of people seeking out other sites of care that are more appropriate, whether thats physician and urgent care that they became accustomed to during the pandemic and has continued. We do acknowledge, however, that we know there is capacity constraints within the healthcare system today. How much impact thats having on some of the lower utilization, its hard to know for sure. And that is something, I think on the longer term trajectory we are going to have to continue to monitor and see ultimately where the utilization levels come in. The other thing to keep in mind is the higher mortality as a result of COVID, as we have said, has an impact on medical cost trend and overall utilization and a negative trend because those that passed way due to COVID tended to be higher utilizers, they had multiple comorbidities. And so thats also reflected in our estimates and we will see continued impacts from that going forward. But otherwise, I would say a lot still to be learned. We are seeing some favorability and we will have to continue to assess the teams thinking on how much of that will continue into 2023, but might see some moderation as capacity hopefully starts to return within the clinical community.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Yes. Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to ask about the guidance to make sure I can follow what you are doing there. It sounds like the quarter was $1 better and then I think you also removed $0.50 of the conservatism. So, that sounds like $1.50 is favorability, although maybe there is some double counting between those items. And then you are reinvesting $0.75. And I think I heard you say there is an extra $0.15 of dilution from the hospice divestiture. It seems like those items in aggregate would result in the guidance increase above the $0.25. So, I am clearly missing something. Can you understand  help us understand how you see the moving parts there and how we should be thinking about that? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Stephen, happy to do that. So, yes, so the outperformance for the quarter was $1. That does though include what you can think of as the $0.50 conservatism that we had included in our original guide in the first half of the year related to COVID. So, you can consider that as us releasing the $0.50 of conservatism within the second quarter results and part of the dollar, not additive to it. We have maintained the $0.50 in our back half year estimates, as I mentioned in my commentary, however. So, as you think about the dollar and then how we have used the dollar $0.25 goes to the guidance raise, the $0.75 of additional marketing and distribution investments that was not previously contemplated in our full year guidance and so $0.75 is being used for that. And then as you mentioned, we have acknowledged $0.15 of additional hospice dilution that was not contemplated in the revised guide as of the end of the first quarter. So, technically, thats a little bit more than $1, and that just recognizes that we do have still the $0.50 of COVID contingency in the back half. And we also have any continuation of the outperformance we have seen in the second quarter that might trend into the third and fourth quarters, which is reasonable to think that we may see some additional improvement relative to our current estimates. So, thats how we think about the dollar and how we have spent it based on the current performance.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could just drill a little bit more into the proposed 4% home health cuts for next year. And I guess sort of two parts to that. One, if those costs actually did go forward in the final, how much impact you would see on home health margins or EBITDA. And then how that influences the shift that you are making over to value-based care. I would assume that, that would even sort of further motivate the acceleration over to VBC contracting from fee-for-service, but just interested in how you would think about that if the cuts could go through. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hi Scott, yes, happy to take that. So, as you said, this is a 4% rate reduction is proposed. We certainly are  will continue to advocate and educate in terms of just some  while its predicated on the behavioral adjustment is the driver of that. We certainly want to make sure that people also consider the inflationary environment, the challenges with clinician labor. I think there is broad support for continued shift of care to the home and the benefits of home healthcare. And so we do hope to see some moderation thats more reflective of the current cost trends within the space. But if it were to move forward as proposed at about the 4% cut for the enterprise, you can think of that as about a $30 million impact. Its slightly higher for the Kindred business specifically. But within our Medicare business, we did not contemplate that level of rate reduction in our thinking for the health plan for 23. And so there is some mitigation within the year relative to that. So, that net impact at the proposed rate is about $30 million. As you said, given that rate cut, certainly, there is more emphasis on value-based payment models. We have seen that from other providers as well, which we are pleased to see. As respect to our plans, we were already well down the path of working on a value-based payment model. And as we  Bruce said in his commentary, we were pleased to see that we were able to expand our value-based  broader value-based home health, DME and infusion model in the State of Virginia this quarter as we had initially planned and remain committed to expanding that model to about 50% of our MA members within the next 5 years. So, we are I think ahead of that curve, but we are encouraged by some of the discussions we are having with some other home health providers who I think are becoming more focused on value-based payment models, which we do think is important and will provide an opportunity to get after some of the adverse implications in terms of hospitalizations and avoidable admissions that we think home health has an opportunity to impact if they become more focused on it. So, we are pleased with that.
Bruce Broussard: And Scott, just to add to Susans comments, I think over time, you are going to continue to see this as being a great opportunity to leverage home health as being much more proactive as opposed to just the fee-for-service side and that more payment begins to be paid on outcomes relative to lower emergency room visits and admissions, etcetera. We are excited about that change. Obviously, there is static in the air as a result of rate changes, but we do think rate changes will accelerate the move to value based.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Valiquette with Barclays.
Steve Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning everybody. So, in this earnings season, we heard one of your major peers talk about the annual wellness visits among their MA members only now tracking back to pre-pandemic levels. So, I guess I was curious to hear how thats progressing for you guys so far this year relative to your book. What the early implications might be for MRA payments you might receive next year in 23 versus 22? And also I am not sure if I missed this. But if you have any  just the color on the MRA payments that you might have just received in 22 relative to your expectations, that would also be great. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Stephen. Happy to answer that. So, in terms of annual wellness visits, I would say our experience this year is in line with expectations, so no significant outperformance or underperformance, but generally in line and havent heard anything in terms of any concerns in terms of the ability to get into patient time. So, I think thats tracking as expected. In terms of MRA for 2023, certainly, as I mentioned, to the degree we continue to see lower utilization in 2022 relative to the expectations, we will certainly do the assessment to understand whether there would be any implications to 23 risk adjustment, but I would expect net-net for that still to be positive even after considering MRA. On the group MA side, where we are seeing higher utilization as you think about 2023, we would expect to see some mitigation as a result of that with increased MRA expectations as well. So, it works both ways. In terms of 2022, we did receive the midyear payment. And I would say its generally in line with expectations, maybe just slightly positive, but broadly in line with expectations, so no meaningful variance there.
Steve Valiquette: Okay. Thats perfect. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping to follow-up on margin progression as a topic and thinking particularly in retail, you will expect to have a bigger incoming membership cohort in 23, which will not be coded in a relatively lower margin. You will have a smaller cohort kind of maturing out of 22. And then I presume you will have some offsets from investments from the value creation $1 billion. I guess I am just wondering how we should think about the relative toggle of revenue growth versus margin expansion contribution to your earnings growth in 23 if you are willing to talk about it.
Susan Diamond: Hi David, yes, happy to address that. So, as we think about it, as you said, the higher 23 membership growth, as you mentioned, does tend to bring members who have lower margins until they are appropriately coded over time. We get their STAR scores up, etcetera. So, that is true. But keep in mind that we are also anticipating as a result of our product investments that we will also see higher retention. And so the higher retention that we will see those are going to be members who will positively contribute. So, ultimately, we will just have to see what the ultimate mix is from a combination of sales and retention in terms of any year-over-year change that, that might imply in terms of the margin. In terms of the investment that we have made, as you mentioned, the $1 billion value creation goal, that is going to generate savings across the enterprise. So, it will not obviously be fully generated within the Medicare organization but we intend to disproportionately invest those savings into the Medicare organization. So, all-in, you would think of that from just a pure individual MA perspective as being somewhat dilutive to the margin because we will be investing more dollars in that product than the savings that that line of business alone will generate. Within retail, we will get some further offset, obviously, from the savings that the rest of the retail organization will contribute. But then some will obviously be outside of that retail segment. So, we will certainly give you some more visibility to that as we talk in September about how we are thinking about our margin progression and EPS growth over time. But for right now, those are some of the bigger things that you can think about impacting 2023.
David Windley: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning guys and thanks for taking the question. I think a lot of my topics have been covered. Just two quick numbers ones. I guess, Susan, on the $0.75 in marketing spend, I guess can you talk about where thats going more specifically? How much do you think that is going to brokers versus maybe member outreach given that retention was an issue in 22?
Susan Diamond: Yes. George, happy to do that. So, we have been talking a lot about just our distribution strategy and the goal of over time trying to see a little bit more volume shift back to our proprietary channels to create a little bit more balance and also recognizing that we tend to see better retention and customer satisfaction in our proprietary channels versus external. So, as you think about the incremental investment that we are making year-over-year that will be more weighted towards our internal channels in terms of the marketing and the investment in resources in our proprietary channels, but some of it will be going to external partners as well to make sure that we get the return that we would expect and the growth out of that channel as well. Within the external partner support that we are providing, I would say some of it is going towards making sure that our reimbursement is sort of the sales partner level is on par with peers. I think we have talked before about the fact that we were trailing behind the compensation level that some of our peers are providing. So, some of the dollars are going to address that and get to more of a parity position and also support some increased marketing in order to make sure that we can get the sales volume out of that channel that we would expect in order to achieve our overall improvement in Medicare growth.
George Hill: Okay. Its helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Cowen.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good morning. Just a quick two-parter just one numbers question, and then my real question. It looked like the proprietary shared risk providers went down $200 million sequentially, and I presume most of those were like employed in your own centers. So, just wondering why that went down. And then the broader question I wanted to ask about 23, glad to hear you are still optimistic and confident about higher growth in 23. But just wondering, conceptually, is there an enrollment growth number thats too high, thats too much. I mean I think there is over under on a growth number where the Street would be worried about adverse selection and your benefit offering and impact on margin and that trade-off. But wondering if you really change, thats the case, or do you just look at the net present value of an incremental member and your ability to retain them in the earnings contribution over time and you are not really thinking about higher bound as being an issue for 23?
Susan Diamond: Hi Gary. Yes. I will take your second question first, and we may get back to you on the first one. But for the second question, I will say, certainly, as I said a minute ago, new members do tend to pressure, they come within a lower underwriting margin and tend to be about breakeven as we said, I think in years past. So, they can pressure sort of some of the returns that you might expect. I would say though, given how the trends we have seen in the last number of years, and I think we have been really smart about the investments we have made in 2023, we werent trying to position ourselves to be in the number one sort of product value position everywhere that would result in outsized growth or anything that I can think of from an anti-selection perspective. So, I am not overly concerned about that. I think we have stated, our goal is to get back to industry-leading growth as quickly as we can. We would love to do that in 1 year. We will just have to see whether peers made other investments for 2023 and how our ultimate offerings stack up. But I would say thats not something that I am concerned about. In terms of your first question, Lisa, can you address that?
Lisa Stoner: Yes. Hey Gary. So, I think all that is, its just difference in the way we are kind of showing our PCPs related to some IPAs. This is really to ensure we are aligned with the new disclosures we are giving around our primary care business back in the pages [ph]. So, no big shift there. Its just a little reporting difference that you are seeing there.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rob Cottrell with Cleveland Research.
Rob Cottrell: Alright. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to dig into the divergent experience you are seeing in the individual MA book versus group MA. What is it about the group MA membership do you expect utilization is higher than expected in 2Q? And do you expect that to continue through the rest of the year?
Susan Diamond: Sure, Rob, happy to take that. So, as I mentioned in my commentary, in 2021, we did see different utilization patterns across individual MA and group. And as I mentioned, in group MA, we saw significantly more depressed utilization relative to individual. Some of that we attribute to the fact that we did see lower overall COVID hospitalizations in the group MA population, and we attribute that to the fact that they tend to have a higher vaccination rate than the individual. So, we had lower COVID utilization, but similar levels of sort of depression in non-COVID utilization resulting in overall lower utilization in group MA. As we assess that going into 2022, we also had assessed the impact of mortality as a result of COVID and what the resulting impact was to morbidity. And as we have been able to review the trends that we are seeing, as we entered the year, we believe that some of that lower utilization was reflective of lower morbidity. And I think based on the trends we have seen, what we would say is some of what we thought was lower morbidity has turned out to be more reflective of just deferred utilization and pent-up demand thats working its way through now. We are seeing higher surgical volumes, in particular, in group MA relative to individual. The volumes are about 600 basis points higher year-to-date in the group MA side than individual. Thats one of the reasons we have some reason to believe that this may be, to some degree, reflective of a pent-up demand that may still moderate in the back half of the year, and we will certainly continue to monitor it. But as I have said, it is trending a little bit differently. Some of that was probably just a reflection of sort of what we anticipated and allocated and attributed to morbidity versus pent-up demand. We will continue to watch it. As I have said, as you think about 23, if this does persist, we would expect to mitigate some portion of it through higher risk adjustments than we previously contemplated, and we view it as on a net basis, manageable within our 2023, but it is particularly reflective in the non-inpatient side. And like I said, we are seeing, in particular, some higher surgical volumes.
Rob Cottrell: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time. So, with that, I will hand the call back over to CEO, Bruce Broussard, for any closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, and thanks, everyone, for your support and continued confidence in the organization. And obviously, I want to thank our 70,000 teammates that make this a successful company and this quarter be such a successful quarter. And then we do look forward to seeing each of you at our September 15th virtual investor conference that we will go over a lot of more details about our longer-range views along with our continued services businesses. So, again, I thank you and look forward to services businesses. So, again, I thank you and look forward to seeing you on September 15th.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Inc. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, please begin.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2022 results and our updated financial outlook for 2022. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the line for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our first quarter 2022 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements. And to note in particular that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that todays discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Managements explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this earnings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I will turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana reported financial results for the first quarter of 2022, reflecting a solid start to the year. Ill speak briefly about our first quarter results and outlook for the rest of the year before providing an update on our strategy and the steps were taking to position Humana for continued long-term success. Adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter were $8.04, which was above our initial expectations. This outperformance was primarily driven by favorable pharmacy results combined with lower-than-planned administrative expenses, some of which is due to timing. All other lines of business are performing as expected or slightly positive, further contributing to our strong quarter. We raised our full year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.50 to approximately $24.50, representing 19% growth over our 2021 results. Importantly, our updated financial guidance continues to include an explicit $1 COVID headwind. Our update guide also includes the dilutive impact related to the pending divestiture of the companys 60% ownership of Kindred at Homes Hospice and Personal Care division. Susan will provide additional detail on our first quarter performance and our full year outlook in a moment. Turning to our previously announced $1 billion value creation initiative, you recall, we committed to delivering this value for the enterprise through cost productivity initiatives and value acceleration from our previous investments. This will create capacity to fund growth and investment in our Medicare Advantage business, driving more robust benefits and lower cost for our members, which we believe will lead to improved membership growth. In addition to  enables further investment in our healthcare service capabilities, including expansion of our value-based home health model and transformation of the consumer experience and home delivery service model in Humana Pharmacy. I am pleased to report with the work completed to date, we remain confident in our ability to realize this value for investment in 2023. As shared in February, we are focused on four key areas that will drive the value creation, strategic initiatives, organizational efficiencies, third-party spend and automation and digital advancement. We indicated the value would be largely split evenly across the four categories. Through work completed in recent months, weve established goals throughout the business within the four key areas. We now expect strategic initiatives to account for about a quarter of our goal by organizational efficiencies and third-party spend will each come from  about one-third. The remaining 10% of value realized in 2023 will come from automation which given the nature of the work will drive some incremental impact in 2024. Susan will provide additional details on the progress made to date. We are pleased with the quick pivot of our teams to support the value creation initiative. It is important to maintain our focus on one of Humanas core differentiators, our strong culture. Currently, we are seeing a slight decrease in engagement but remain in the top 20% of industry leaders. Engagement scores are impacted in part by the internal uncertainty around our value creation initiative as well as the strong external market pull, economic disruption and the inflationary environment. Importantly, we are seeing strong engagement with our nursing population, which is currently at 89%, and we are proud that 86% of our physicians would advocate for Humana as a Great Place to Work. While challenging choices remain to fully realize our goal, I am confident our team is equal to the task and understands the purposeful approach we are taking to make Humana even an even stronger company. In addition to creating capacity to invest in our Medicare Advantage product for 2023, we are also focused on working closely with our distribution partners to improve the retention of our members. We continue to work with our call center partners to more closely replicate the experience delivered by our employed agents through enhanced training. We are also focused on service level agreements aimed at improving the quality of the sales experience and ultimately, the customer satisfaction and retention. As part of this work, we have developed new computer-based training modules for our call center agents that focus on behaviors linked to customer complaints. While still early, we are pleased to see  have seen a decrease in complaints to CMS year-over-year. With respect to compensation for external brokers, we have introduced new compensation structures designed to improve overall quality by more closely tying administrative service fees to specific quality assurance activities and service levels as well as addressing agent level compensation to promote individual quality performance. Within our proprietary sales channel, we are looking at opportunities to advance our payer-agnostic capabilities to improve our ability to support consumers who desire more choice. In addition, we are making investments to better link digital-first shoppers to our internal sales agents. Digital shoppers are now able to not only complete an application online, but also request that one of our internal sales agents visit their home to discuss Medicare Advantage plan options. The digital shopper is also able to directly connect to one of our internal sales call center agents from humana.com to assist them in their shopping experience. Finally, we are working with brokers across our distribution channels in both internal and external to engage the customers and activities that are positively correlated to retention. This includes onboarding activities designed to promote engagement prior to plan effective date as well as efforts to help members understand and fully utilize their plans, benefits such as assisting in the activation of their healthy food card. With respect to 2022 Medicare Advantage membership trends, results of the open enrollment period trended slightly better than our initial expectations, driven by higher sales and improved voluntary termination rates, both of which we view favorably. The outperformance was partially offset by higher deaths related to the pandemic in the first couple of months of the year. Turning to our Healthcare Service businesses, as you know, we introduced CenterWell as the new brand to describe and connect our payer-agnostic healthcare service offerings. We have significantly expanded our healthcare service capabilities, including our senior-focused primary care, pharmacy and home care offerings, to better serve our medical members while also increasing our total addressable market. We have been developing our Healthcare Services capabilities in three phases. The first is building the capabilities. We are accomplishing this through a combination of organic build as weve done with our Pharmacy business. Inorganic growth as a result of our acquisition of Kindred at Home as well as through partnerships, such as those we have with Heal and Dispatch, which are site of care innovators in the home. The second phase includes enhancements to align with the value-based principles to improve health outcomes as well as expanding the capabilities to achieve the desired scale. Our primary care business is in this phase today as we are expanding our geographic presence through a mix of building de novo centers as well as tuck-in acquisitions. The third phase is integrating these capabilities in select local markets. We believe the integration of CenterWell Primary Care, home health and pharmacy in a local market will lead to improved health outcomes, increased customer satisfaction and decrease in the total cost of care while also building additional profit pools for the enterprise. Recall that a health plan member who utilizes the full suite of our healthcare service assets can drive 2x to 4x the direct margin contribution for the enterprise as compared to the health plan margin alone. This is what we refer to as the flywheel effect. Let me highlight some of the progress weve made moving our various capabilities through these three phases, starting with home. We started our journey with Kindred at Home in 2018, acquiring 40% minority interest with the belief that a key component of the next generation of integrated care delivery model was the ability to provide care to consumers in their home, meeting them where they want to be and a preferred lower cost setting, also recognizing that the traditional volume-based fee-for-service model limits innovation and home health. We then completed the full acquisition of Kindred at Home in August 2021, reflecting our continued commitment to investing in home-based clinical solutions that drive improved patient outcomes, increased satisfaction for patients and providers and value for health plan partners. We took another step on this journey last week with the announcement of the divestiture of our majority interest in Kindred at Homes hospice and personal care divisions to Clayton Dubler and Rice or CD&R. We explored a broad range of alternatives for the hospice and personal care businesses and believe this transaction best allows us to accomplish our previously stated intent, divesting majority ownership of these non-core businesses while maintaining a strategic minority interest through our remaining stake. With CD&Rs established physician relationships, value-based care expertise and record of supporting providers to deliver high-quality care for patients. We are certain these divisions are well positioned for success under the joint ownership of Humana and CD&R. Importantly, we are pleased that when viewing this transaction in conjunction with our purchase of the broader Kindred at Home platform, we have been able to achieve our objective of substantially increasing our footprint in home care by acquiring one of the leading home health platforms in the country and an attractive valuation for our shareholders. Our home capabilities were further expanded with the acquisition of onehome last year. onehomes management service organization capabilities and experience providing home health, infusion and durable medical equipment services establishes the platform for our value-based home care model. We remain on track to begin the launch of the value-based model in North Carolina and Virginia in June with the expansion in additional geographies planned for late this year and early 2023. Beyond shifting to value integrating DME and infusion onehome will also have the ability to help members navigate the broader care ecosystem. For example, if a member lacks a primary care provider onehome could connect the member with a high-value local option, including Humanas primary care organization. In addition, if a member would benefit from home delivery of chronic medications, on home can help the member set up the home delivery through our Humana pharmacy. We believe these efforts can lead to both improved member experience and better health outcome, demonstrating the power of integrating our health service capabilities in the local market. Turning to primary care, we are actively scaling our platform through a combination of de novo expansion and inorganic growth. We are the largest senior-focused, value-based primary care provider in the nation with 214 centers today. This includes 37 centers in the Welsh Carson joint venture, which began in 2020. We expect to have approximately 250 centers by year-end and intend to add 30 to 50 centers per year going forward. As shared in February, we are committed to funding the organic growth of our primary care organization in 2023 and beyond through a combination of on- and off-balance sheet financing such that we expect no dilution to earnings growth from the organic expansion. As of March 31, the 2020 cohort of 20 centers opened within Welsh Carson joint venture had an average of 520 Medicare risk patients per center, approximately 60 patients per center higher than planned. In addition, our cumulative EBITDA results were in line with the plan. We are pleased with the results to date, which have demonstrated the performance consistent with the expected J curve. We continue work to establish off-balance sheet structure that will be leveraged beginning in 2023. We are applying the proof points in learnings from our joint venture with Welsh Carson to optimize the go-forward financing structure, considering enhancements such as limiting the financing to only the operating expenses. We look forward to sharing additional details when finalized in the coming weeks. Our pharmacy business is the most mature of our healthcare service businesses, driving significant value to the enterprise with industry-leading mail order penetration, resulting in improved medication adherence and better health outcomes for our health plan members. 38% of our individual Medicare Advantage members utilized our mail order services in the first quarter, a 100 basis point increase year-over-year. This increase is due in part to the fact that Medicare Advantage members retained in 2022, used Humana Pharmacy home delivery services, nearly 9% more frequently the members who disenrolled. This is another demonstration that members who engage with our Healthcare Service businesses not only create incremental enterprise profit but are more loyal to our health plans. This result demonstrates the impact of investments were making to transform the consumer experience and home delivery service model through improved e-commerce and logistic capabilities and additional distribution sites allowing us to deliver prescriptions to our members within 1 to 2 days. As you know, we committed to providing additional transparency into our Healthcare Service businesses in 2022, which began with the new disclosures we provided on the home and primary care in our first quarter earnings release. Susan will also provide further 2022 performance details during her commentary. In addition, we look forward to hosting a virtual investor update on September 15, 2022, where we will discuss the operational model and the long-term growth and earnings potential for the primary care and home businesses. The benefits of integrating our healthcare service capabilities in local markets and driving penetration by our health plan members as well. A progress update on our $1 billion value creation initiative and current thoughts on improving our Medicare Advantage membership growth for 2023. And the long-term outlook for the company considering future earnings growth opportunities, balanced against the ongoing investments necessary to advance our strategy. In closing today, I want to reiterate that we are pleased with our strong start to the year with all our business lines performing well. In addition, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our $1 billion value creation plan. This will allow us to create the needed capacity to fund growth and investments in our Medicare Advantage business, which we believe will further drive significant improvement in our membership growth as well as further expansion of our healthcare service capabilities, while still delivering on our long-term earnings growth target in 2023. With that, I will turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce and good morning everyone. I will provide an update on our first quarter results, including line of business performance details, our outlook for the full year and progress made to date on our $1 billion value creation plan. Finally, I will provide an update on capital deployment, including the planned use of proceeds from the pending divestiture of our majority interest in Kindreds, hospice and personal care businesses. Today, we reported first quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $8.04 driven primarily by lower-than-anticipated administrative costs, some of which is timing in nature and outperformance in our pharmacy business. All other lines of business are performing as expected or slightly positive, further contributing to our strong quarter. Inpatient utilization was favorable across our Medicare and commercial businesses due to a faster decline in COVID admissions and slower rebound in non-COVID admissions than weve seen during previous surges and we will need to continue to monitor how utilization further rebounds in the coming weeks. Typically, we would not raise guidance at this stage as it is too early to fully evaluate results and medical cost trends in particular. However, given the main drivers of our first quarter outperformance, we are raising our full year guidance by $0.50 to approximately $24.50, representing nearly 19% growth over our actual 2021 results. Importantly, this revised guide continues to anticipate $1 of conservatism to cover a net COVID headwind should it emerge and also anticipates the estimated impact to earnings of divesting 60% of our interest in the Kindred hospice and personal care businesses later this year. With respect to quarterly earnings seasonality, at this time, we expect the percentage of second quarter earnings to be in the low 30s. We want to reiterate, however, that investors should continue to focus on the full year estimates as quarterly development will continue to be impacted by ongoing COVID-related timing dynamics. With that, I will now provide additional details on our first quarter performance by segment, beginning with our Retail segment. As Bruce discussed, results of our open enrollment period trended slightly better than previous estimates. If these trends continue for the remainder of the year, we expect our individual Medicare Advantage growth to be slightly above the midpoint of our current guidance range of 150,000 to 200,000 members. Revenue for the quarter was in line with expectations with individual Medicare Advantage PMPMs up 8% year-over-year. We continue to expect our PMPM yield to be in the high single-digit range for the full year. Turning to claims trend, total medical costs in our Medicare Advantage business ran largely in line with expectations in the first quarter. We experienced lower-than-anticipated inpatient utilization offset by higher inpatient unit costs and lower than projected favorable prior period development. As it respects prior period development, we saw inpatient unit cost for the fourth quarter of 2021 and restate higher than anticipated. As claims were received, the average cost of non-COVID hospitalizations restated higher and hospitalizations occurring in December 2021 and restated as a COVID admission, whereas the initial authorization request reflected a non-COVID admitting condition. Recall that we incur an additional 20% payment on any Medicare admission with a COVID diagnosis under the public health emergency even when it is not the reason for the admission. These incidental COVID admissions represented 10% to 15% of total COVID admissions during the Delta wave, increasing to 25% to 30% with the Omicron wave resulting in a meaningful increase in average unit costs. We will need to continue to monitor inpatient unit cost trends and COVID positivity rates throughout the year. With respect to current year utilization, COVID admissions peaked in January at 65 admissions per thousand, and then began reducing more quickly than weve seen historically, ending the quarter at approximately 2.5 admissions per thousand the lowest level we have seen since June of 2021 just before the rise of the Delta variant. Non-COVID admissions did not rebound as quickly as COVID declined resulting in net inpatient utilization favorability for the first quarter, although it continues to rebound towards expected levels. We considered the higher fourth quarter 2021 inpatient unit costs in our first quarter estimates, resulting in overall inpatient costs running generally consistent with expectations. As previously shared, we have limited visibility into non-inpatient trends until claims are received. And so as is customary, our first quarter results assume non-inpatient utilization is in line with previous expectations. All in, we are pleased with the early performance of our Medicare Advantage business and continue to expect a 50 basis point improvement in our individual MA pretax margin in 2022. However, as previously shared, much remains to be learned about the long-term impacts of COVID, including the impact of higher mortality on the morbidity of our Medicare members. Provided COVID levels remain low, we will have an opportunity to further evaluate baseline trends relative to our estimates. Moving to PDP, membership trends are tracking favorable due to higher sales in the Walmart Value plan and lower voluntary terminations in the premier plan. As a result, we have updated our full year guidance to down 100,000 members versus our previous projection of down 125,000 members. In addition, we continue to expect approximately 80,000 PDP members to move to a Humana Medicare Advantage product this year. Our Medicaid business performed well in the first quarter, experiencing lower-than-expected COVID costs. The Medicaid team is actively preparing for the Ohio contract implementation, which we expect to occur later this year. We updated our full year Medicaid membership guidance from a range of down 50,000 to 100,000 to a range of down 25,000 to 50,000 to reflect the extension of the public health emergency to mid-July. In addition, we were pleased to receive notification in the first quarter that the Louisiana Health Department announced its intent to award Humana a contract to serve Medicaid beneficiaries. We now expect the state to rescore the previously submitted RFPs with a decision anticipated in late May, and we are optimistic that we will once again score well given the strength of our offering. We continue to be very proud of our Medicaid program and success growing our footprint organically. Group and Specialty segment results were slightly favorable with growth our group medical and specialty businesses contributing to the positive results. The fully insured group medical business experienced favorable inpatient utilization due to fewer COVID admissions, similar to what we experienced in the Medicare business, partially offset by slightly higher-than-expected membership losses. The rating actions taken in the back half of 2021 to incorporate expected ongoing COVID costs resulted in slightly higher attrition than originally anticipated. Our specialty business also outperformed as utilization, particularly for dental services continues to run lower than expected. To the extent this lower dental utilization continues, we plan to reduce pricing to our Medicare Advantage business in 2023 accordingly. Our Healthcare Services segment had a strong start to the year. As previously mentioned, our pharmacy business meaningfully outperformed expectations, driven by higher-than-expected increases in mail order penetration, lower unit costs due to favorable underlying drug mix and lower cost to fill. We currently expect the favorability to persist throughout the year, although with some moderation as our previous estimates contemplated increasing mail order penetration rates over the course of the year. Our efforts to drive increased mail order penetration are demonstrating success with 38% of our individual Medicare Advantage members utilizing our home delivery services in the first quarter, a 100 basis point increase year-over-year. As Bruce mentioned, Medicare Advantage members retained in 2022 used Humana Pharmacys home delivery services, nearly 9% more frequently than members who disenrolled, also contributing to the strong start to the year. As a result of the outperformance seen in the pharmacy business, we have increased our full year healthcare services adjusted EBITDA guidance by $50 million to $1.725 billion to $1.875 billion from the previous range of $1.675 billion to $1.825 billion. This adjustment also contemplates the estimated impact to EBITDA of divesting 60% of our interest in the Kindred hospice and personal care businesses later this year. At this time, we have not updated revenue or operating expense guidance points as the impact could vary depending on the timing of the transaction close. Turning to the home. Beginning with our first quarter release issued this morning, we disclosed episodic and total admissions for our home health business. Episodic admissions are up 3.5% year-over-year, while total admissions are up 4.9% year-over-year, largely consistent with expectations. For the full year, we continue to expect home health admissions to be up mid-single digits. We also provided detail regarding members covered by our proprietary value-based home health model. We continue to expect approximately 15% of our Medicare Advantage members to be supported by this model as of year-end 2022 as we expand to additional markets, including Virginia and North Carolina beginning at the end of June. Within 5 years, we expect to support 50% of our Medicare Advantage membership with our value-based home health model and believe it will deliver mid-single-digit reductions in overall home health DME and infusion spend within 12 to 18 months of implementation and mid-double-digit reductions at maturity while improving patient outcomes. The nursing labor shortage continues to be a concern for the home health industry broadly, and we continue to closely monitor clinical staffing levels, capacity and admission trends making targeted investments to sustainably improve the recruitment and retention of nurses to position the business for further growth. We are particularly focused on markets where growth has been negatively impacted by insufficient nursing capacity. We are seeing positive results from our efforts, including a 5% reduction in full-time nurse voluntary turnover in the first quarter as well as improved recruiting in March attributed to the return to face-to-face recruiting. We are encouraged by the improvement we are seeing in recruiting and voluntary nursing turnover, but acknowledge there is much more work to be done. The hospice business performed well in the quarter with total admissions up 9% year-over-year, fueled by a general improvement in referrals led by increased access to facility-based sources, investments in the business to expand clinical capacity, mainly in the form of dedicated on-call nursing staff and winter storms that negatively impacted missions in the prior year. Turning to our primary care organization. Results remain in line with expectations for the quarter. We enhanced our primary care disclosures to include a breakout of clinics by de novo, which includes all new centers opened since 2020 under our Welsh Carson joint venture, wholly owned, representing all centers, not in the Welsh Carson joint venture and IPA, which reflects patients served by our Conviva MSO. We also updated our patient SERD metrics to only include Medicare patients covered by a value-based payment model as this is our focus and represents the primary growth driver for the business. As of March 31, we operate a total of 214 centers, serving 180,000 patients in Medicare value-based arrangements while also supporting 58,000 patients under IPA arrangements. We operate 37 de novo centers, which are focused on driving panel growth and patient engagement to ensure our patients needs are identified and we can begin our care planning. This early engagement supports our ability to identify and slow disease progression. We opened five new de novo centers in the first quarter and 14 since March 2021, representing a 61% increase year-over-year. These centers grew paneled membership by 4,500 in the first quarter and 9,100 year-over-year, a 163% increase in patients served. We operate an additional 177 wholly owned centers, serving 166,000 patients in Medicare value-based arrangements, primarily in Florida and Texas. We are focused on continuing to grow these centers organically and inorganically while also focusing on improving clinical and financial outcomes by leveraging our senior-focused, multi-disciplined care model supported by proprietary workflow technology and analytics. Since March 2021, we have increased our wholly owned center count by 30 and Medicare patients served by 37,000 or 29% with approximately two-thirds of this patient growth attributed to acquisitions of Florida and Texas-based primary care practices and approximately one-third due to organic growth, including patients served under DCE contracts. As we monitor the continued performance improvement of our wholly owned centers, we are pleased to report that 15 are producing our targeted EBITDA contribution of $2 million or greater and have an average panel size of 1,500 Medicare Advantage risk patients. Additionally, 69 of our wholly owned centers are EBITDA positive compared to 51% at this time last year. Finally, I would like to add to Bruces commentary on our $1 billion value creation plan, highlighting some of our recent progress. We are tracking various initiatives across discrete stages of development starting with ideation, followed by sizing, design and execution; and finally, realization of savings. We gained confidence as each initiative moves through the stages, and were pleased that initiatives valued at approximately $575 million are now in the design and execute phase. We continue to believe that the majority of initiatives will be implemented in the back half of 2022, which was contemplated in our initial guidance. Our lower-than-expected administrative expenses in the first quarter in part reflect management actions that accelerated savings we otherwise expected later this year as well as some timing-related variances. We remain confident in our ability to achieve our goal, creating capacity to fund additional investment in 2023, and we will continue to share updates on our progress throughout the year. From a capital deployment perspective, we expect to receive approximately $2.8 billion in cash proceeds upon closing of the pending Kindred hospice transaction. As shared last week, the enterprise value of Kindred hospice is $3.4 billion. The $2.8 billion in proceeds is made up of approximately $2 billion related to the repayment of debt from Kindred hospice to Humana and $800 million, reflective of 60% of the $1.4 billion equity value. We intend to use the majority of the proceeds for debt repayment as we look to deleverage back towards our target of approximately 35%. In addition, as previously disclosed, we continue to plan for a customary level of share repurchase in 2022. We expect our debt to capitalization ratio to be approximately 40% at the end of the year. Before closing, I would again reiterate that we had a strong quarter with all businesses demonstrating positive fundamentals supporting our full year guidance raise. There are a number of items we will need to continue to monitor to fully assess 22 performance, including non-coding utilization trends, the rate of COVID positivity and inpatient unit cost trends which is why we believe it is prudent to continue to allow for COVID conservatism in our guidance. Finally, we are pleased with the progress made to date on the value creation plan and remain confident in our ability to achieve our goal creating capacity for further investment in our Medicare Advantage business and expansion of our Healthcare Services capabilities, while still delivering on our long-term earnings growth target in 2023. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question or comment comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. Thanks. I guess I just wanted to dig in a little bit more to the guidance raise, if I understood it correctly. It seems like a little over half from the services business being higher and the rest is G&A, so you didnt  should we read that into that you feel a bit at the lower end of your G&A guidance is the to change the range there? And I just want to make sure that I understand the MLR guidance is unchanged. There seems to be getting some questions about how MLR looks given the decline in BCP. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Happy to take that. To your first point, yes, as you think about the raise relative to our performance for the first quarter, First, I would mention that consensus was lower than our internal estimates for the first quarter. So, as we think about it internally, we think about $1 of the outperformance is what we were looking at from an internal perspective. And you are correct, you can think about that as roughly half attributed to lower administrative expenses and half attributed to the pharmacy outperformance. So as we thought about the year, as you said and as I said, we do expect that the pharmacy outperformance will continue, although with some moderation. And so that will allow us to support the $0.50 raise as well as the dilution that were currently estimating from a hospice divestiture later this year. On the administrative expenses, as I mentioned, some of that is timing. Some of that is a pull forward of savings we would have otherwise expected later in the year, so not necessarily incrementally positive. We want to see how that continues to develop. And then we will also look to see if we continue to see some favorability that may allow for some additional investment in the distribution and marketing strategy that weve talked to you about and may allow us to accelerate some of those investments, again, if we continue to see favorability, but we are not taking any of that into the full year guide currently. On the MLR then, I would say looking at the retail MLR in particular, analyst ranges were quite wide as we looked at the models. And so the comparison to whats reported this morning is heavily influenced by the few that actually responded to the survey. So I think thats part of it. As I mentioned in my comments, from an individual Medicare perspective, I can tell you that the MLR came in as we expected. Per my commentary, we did see positive utilization on the inpatient side due to COVID  with COVID. While we saw higher absolute levels in January, it declined more quickly than weve seen historically than we would have expected. And non-COVID was not able to rebound as quickly as COVID declined. So that was certainly positive. Given the high level of COVID, however, and the higher rate of what we refer to is that incidental COVID, where it wasnt the admitting condition, but there is a COVID positivity diagnosis, that translates to additional unit cost. So we did see higher unit costs as a result. As I mentioned, we also considered the higher unit costs that we saw restated for fourth quarter and our first quarter estimates. And so as you think about that all in, the first quarter results reflect inpatient pretty much in line with expectations. And then for non-inpatient just given how early in the year it is and the limited visibility, we have those in the first quarter at expectations as well. We will continue to watch those things over the course of the year, but feel good about the early indicators were seeing and no source for concern about what were anticipating for individual MA or retail MLRs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Nathan Rich: Hi, good morning. And thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on bid strategy for 2023. And in the release, you talked about the final rate notice and you expect rates to be up for Humana, 4.6%. A little bit below the sector average, and I think gap than you faced in recent years. I guess how does that impact the strategy for 23? And then I appreciate the details that you gave, Bruce, upfront about kind of the plan design and distribution strategy. Do you have an updated view on how you might allocate that $1 billion of savings across plan design and distribution that will ultimately provide the best ROI on those investments? Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Relative to the rate notice and our investment, I would say we feel very confident that we are going to have the ability to be competitive in 2023. So even though we might have a little bit some  because of our STARS scores, we see higher STAR scores in absolute, but on a relative change, its lower than the industry there. So we still have the same amount of dollars going into the program. The second part of your question, just about the allocation among the various different components, the bucket, so to speak, between plan design and the distribution and marketing. We just dont feel comfortable today to give you that disclosure. As we enter the latter part of the year, and were in the AEP cycle, we will probably give you more details there. But I think today, it would be best that we dont do that.
Nathan Rich: Fair enough.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Bruce, I wanted to follow-up on your commentary around the Investor Day. Specifically, you talked about doing something in June, you pushed it until September, just curious on the driver of that. And then what have you been hearing from investors in terms of what they  what theyll be looking for at that Investor Day, specifically, any thoughts around margin targets in the Medicare Advantage business. Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. As I mentioned, we are shipping for September. And the reason for the move between June to September is we just felt that the information more relevant as we entered the latter part of the year for a few reasons. First, we will be closer to AEP and provide more thoughts around our go-to-market strategy since were getting close to that. Second, we will have more progress on the $1 billion program, and I know thats important in the short run. So those are really why we just felt that getting later in the year would be important to allow more timely information for the investors. Relative to the subject matters, I mean, we do look as an important part of our strategy of the Healthcare Service business being important, I think giving more disclosure around what that looks like and the strength of that over a longer period of time will be an important discussion. In addition, we will discuss just our earnings potential and the growth in our earnings potential, including how that affects margin and our view on the margin side. So we will discuss that as you articulated. It is an area of particular interest by our investors, and we will be prepared to discuss both the individual MA margin and then also just how healthcare services impacts the enterprise side. And then lastly, we will also just be able to give the investors much more update just on how we see the healthcare service business growing and the impact it has in the integration within the market itself because as I articulated, were building the capabilities, were leveraging and scaling the capabilities. And then in addition, an important part of that value is the integration in the local market as referred to in the commentary around the flywheel effect. And so that will be an important discussion that we will have.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Matthew Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. Thanks. As Im looking back, I know there have been other years where it seems like you have weighted your MA product designed towards earnings improvement. And whether it was deliberately or somewhat unintentional that was seem to be the case for this year. Im just wondering if I can ask why that isnt more apparent in the Medicare Advantage profit margin that youve seen so far this year? I would have expected that to be a bigger driver maybe on the medical cost ratio side of the upside this quarter?
Susan Diamond: Sure, Matthew. I can take that. And youre right. As you look at the first quarter, and again, youre looking at retail MERs versus individual MA. And so there are some differences in terms of the underlying product mix year-over-year, particularly around Medicaid and some growth in DCE membership, which has a higher MER than individual MA. Again, I do want to reiterate that from an internal perspective, as we look at the underlying businesses, each are performing as we would expect. So no concerns there. In terms of one other difference I would highlight in terms of just the first quarter specifically is the change in prior period development year-over-year. With COVID, there were a lot of changes in claim processing payment policy changes as a result of some of the stress that hospital systems were under. And so that significantly impacted prior period development. We anticipated a significant decline in prior year development year-over-year, and that will disproportionately impact the first quarter results. Which is why in our earnings release, we gave you the detail on what that would look like if you just stripped out PPD and the noise that, that creates. Its hard to tell whether some of the analysts fully understood or anticipated the magnitude of that change year-over-year. So those are really some of the main drivers. And again, I just want to stress that we continue to feel comfortable with our expectation of a 50 basis point improvement in the individual MA margin, as we said, and believe were on track to do that and know early concerns. The other thing to keep in mind is the dollar of COVID contingency you can assume thats largely in the retail MER expectation. As we said in our commentary, we continue to hold that conservatism within our guide. So, if it proves unnecessary over the course of the year, then that would benefit the retail MERs as well.
Matthew Borsch: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks so much. I just want to get a little bit of better understanding, maybe a better way to ask this is what do you expect the MLR trend to look like over the course of the year, meaning given what we saw in the first quarter with the prior period development, would we kind of just take where we started this year and where you expect to end, how would you see  is it more of a straight line, or is there going to be a little bit more of a hockey stick to the back end of the year? And just the part of that question, I guess is did you see any of the COVID headwinds in 1Q at all to $1?
Susan Diamond: Hi Kevin, this is Susan. So, in terms of your second question around the COVID headwinds, we would say that we did not see a COVID headwind emerge in the first quarter. As I mentioned, given the dynamics we saw with the utilization patterns, the way we have thought about it is not just the absolute gross COVID impact, but rather net of any offsetting reductions in non-COVID. And so as I mentioned, while January saw higher COVID levels. And in fact, we saw that was the highest level of COVID admissions in any given month since the start of the pandemic in February and March, given the rate of decline and how much faster that was versus previous surges. We just didnt see non-COVID have the ability to rebound at the same pace. So  and thats true both across Medicare and commercial. So, we would say that, that was net positive. As we said in our fourth quarter commentary, we do not  we will be very cautious in releasing that dollar of contingency that we are holding, just recognizing the longer COVID goes on, we just dont want to assume that patterns will remain the same as we have seen historically. And then as I mentioned in my commentary, just the rate of sort of COVID positivity itself, while the public health emergency is in force, we will drive additional unit costs for any admission that does happen to have a COVID positive diagnosis associated with it. So, we will need to continue to watch that. In terms of MLRs, with the exception of the PPD that I mentioned that will disproportionately impact the first quarter. I think if you normalize for that, then I would say there is nothing sort of unique about this year that we would expect MERs to be to vary other than the fact that sequestration, if you recall, is still in play, the way we were for the first quarter. It will reduce by half for the second quarter and then is assumed to be back in force for third and fourth quarter. So, that will cause a little bit of seasonality differences year-over-year. But aside from that, I cant think of anything else specifically that we would expect unless, as I said the COVID  depending on what happens with COVID, which we have acknowledged could create some quarterly variations.
Kevin Caliendo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. I thought I might just ask you about the home health, Kindred at Home business and some of the things you are doing there. First of all, I think Susan, you called out some labor challenges that you are trying to address. I wondered how widespread those are in the business? And have they gotten worse in the first quarter versus what you saw in the fourth, or are they getting better? And then on the virtual value-based work you are doing. I am just trying to make sure I understand, is that Kindred at Home contracting with the Humana MA plans, or is it subcontracting with your primary care docs, how does that work? And how do you manage the steerage of the patients to make sure they end up in your home health operations and not someone elses?
Susan Diamond: Hey A.J. Sure. Happy to take that. The first question on labor challenges. I would say they are fairly widespread. There are certainly some markets where we have sufficient capacity and we are certainly doing everything we can to take advantage of growth opportunities there. But generally speaking, some of the larger markets where there is more of an opportunity, we continue to see challenges. I would say though they are  I would say they are getting a little bit better, primarily due to the fact that COVID has subsided. So, some of the labor challenges are due to nurses having to quarantine as a result of COVID. And so as we see that come down to, again, the lowest levels we have seen. That certainly helps as we have more nurses available. As I mentioned in my commentary, we are also pleased to see that we  our initiatives are having some positive impact on recruiting nurses and retaining those nurses, again, creating some additional capacity. But I dont want to diminish the fact that it continues to be a challenge. We continue to watch sort of the wage environment and other sort of resources being used to recruit and retain nurses and we will try to make sure we stay contemporary with that. On the value-based model, the way that works is One Home, which is a company you might recall, we acquired last year, which currently provides home health DME and infusion services to our Florida and Texas members under a value-based model. That is the model that we are looking to expand. So, One Home actually contracts with the health plan under a capitated arrangement for all of the spend for those three service categories. And then in markets where there are downstream risk providers, they will then downstream sub-cap with those providers. But One Home is the one taking the full risk on those services. Whats unique about that model is the way that it is structured is they act as a convener and provide some relief and administrative burden from referring providers where the referring provider can refer a patient in for the home health DME and infusion services and One Home will take responsibility for placing all of those services. In the absence of that model, the referring provider has to discretely coordinate all of those services, which can lead to some fragmentation and dislocation in the way carriers delivered. So, with the One Home model, they will take responsibility and where possible, then they can refer that patient directly into Kindred or other high-quality home health providers in the market based on capacity and other things. And so that  typically, as we launch the market, we will go in with a more broad network to avoid any sort of provider and patient friction at start. And as the providers get more comfortable and understand the model, then we will look to then begin referring those patients into our high-quality providers in the market and certainly with Kindred top of mind. So, thats how it works. Happy to answer any other questions when we talk later today, if you like.
A.J. Rice: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Stephen Baxter from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. I appreciate all the color on utilization and PYD certainly gave us a lot to digest. Just wanted to ask a clarifying question on the lower-than-expected PYD. So, on the inpatient unit cost side, can you just clarify whether or not the higher unit cost you experienced was purely the result of these incidental COVID dynamics? If you were to look at the remaining inpatient non-COVID utilization, I guess how did that compare to your expectations on the unit cost side? I guess big picture, just an update on acuity trends and how they are running on the non-COVID population? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Stephen. So yes, so on the PYD, we did see lower  prior period most favorable was just lower than we had previously expected and really attributable to higher inpatient unit costs in the fourth quarter. There were two main drivers of that. One was higher non-COVID unit costs. They were quite high in the fourth quarter. Frankly, there is still some work we are doing to understand why that is. And then also on the COVID admissions, as we set reserves at year end, we have the benefit of authorization data. And so we have really good data on the absolute level of admissions. From the utilization perspective, claims of restated just as we would have expected. So, the absolute level of admissions is consistent with what we thought. What we saw, however, is of those admissions we anticipated more restated as a COVID admission when on the initial authorization, they did not reflect COVID as the reason for the admission. And so we would have contemplated those as non-COVID admissions. Given the significant difference in unit cost for COVID admission versus non-COVID, that caused our December unit cost to restate higher. So, I would say its a little bit of a mixture with December, specifically related to COVID and the previous months more reflective of increases in the non-COVID unit costs, which we are still studying. Those are things again, we want to see how those continue to play out. But for the first quarter estimates, we have contemplated those higher unit costs. In terms of acuity, I would say broadly, we do not believe we are seeing an increase in acuity of the patients across any of our lines of business. There is no indicators of that so far. We think, again, when you are talking about the level of  particularly in the fourth quarter of sort of COVID admissions to some degree, this is a reflection of as you see that higher incidental COVID positivity rate, as I mentioned, the admissions that are then sort of left in the non-COVID bucket tend to be higher average unit costs and in this case, just happened to restate higher than we had initially expected.
Lisa Stoner: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to focus on the pharmacy outperformance, I think you said it was about half of the dollar upside from your initial targets. So, what specifically kind of like drove outperformance? Susan, you mentioned that the existing members that are using your pharmacy services had a higher utilization of mail versus the wanted off-boarded. Is that sort of the entirety of it? Is it just kind of like that current member mix, or are there other more underlying trends that we can extrapolate for the rest of the year?
Susan Diamond: Hi Ricky, yes, sure, happy to answer that. So, there were a couple of contributors to the pharmacy outperformance. One, as you said, was related to just some of the slightly favorable membership we saw across MAPD and PDP from an absolute perspective. And then as you mentioned, and Bruce and I highlighted, what we saw was that the members that were retained by the health plan through AEP had a higher use of Humana Pharmacy than members who disenrolled in AEP. And it was about a 9% difference. And that was a larger difference than we have seen historically. So, it was not something we had specifically anticipated. And so that higher membership and that dynamic of retaining more members who are more likely to use Humana Pharmacy contributed to some of the volume outperformance. I would say there was additional volume outperformance even above that, and we think thats a reflection of the continued investments we are making in the pharmacy business to improve the service delivery model and experience overall. We implemented a number of initiatives over the course of 2021 designed to drive improved mailer penetration and use of the pharmacy business and saw success there. And we have seen further success in the first part of 2022, just beyond what we had originally anticipated. And as I mentioned, we did anticipate higher mailer penetration in 22 versus 2021 and we are just seeing that come in slightly higher even than we had expected, which we view very positively. In addition, we did see lower unit costs. That is a function of just the underlying drug mix and the negotiated rates. And so that is contributing as well. And then finally, we also saw a favorable cost to fill. And so as a result of some of the investments and enhancements they are making in the service delivery model and Bruce referred to some of those investments. We are also seeing some positivity with reduced cost of fill than we expected. So, all of those we view very favorably. And generally, you can assume that those do continue, although as I mentioned, we do expect some moderation because our plan did contemplate continued increases in mail order penetration over the course of the year. And so as we described in the commentary, you can think about our thinking on pharmacy is raising $0.50 now that reflects the outperformance and then also that outperformance allowing us to cover the potential dilution from a hospice divestiture, assuming that we dont use the proceeds for share repurchase.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Joshua Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to clarify the 2022 sort of run rate or jumping off point for next year. Should we think about the $24.50 plus the dollar as sort of that starting point and maybe you could give us a little bit more color on the hospice dilution in 2023 or if buybacks or something else will offset that. And I apologize for the long question, but the real question is really, are there potential headwinds for 2023 that we should be thinking about that would preclude you from attaining your long-term EPS target, specifically thinking about investments in primary care, etcetera?
Susan Diamond: Hey Josh. So yes, so for your first question, we would say that you should think about the 22 baseline at the $24.50. Similar to how we talked about it in our initial guide, we would just encourage you not to get ahead of us on the dollar of COVID contingency. As I mentioned, there is still a lot to see in terms of how medical costs play out over the course of the year and utilization more broadly, morbidity, etcetera. So, you can consider the baseline for now the $24.50 and we will continue to be transparent about what we are seeing. But certainly pleased with the ability this early to raise and get towards the higher end of our range and certainly hope that we can see continued progress, but I would encourage you to consider the baseline for now the $24.50. In terms of hospice solution, so as we have said, for 2022, the pharmacy outperformance will allow us to cover any potential dilution. We are internally anticipating that the transaction would likely close third quarter. And so thats what we are thinking about in terms of our current guide. As we have talked about, this has been something that we have been planning and looking at options for some time. So, from a 2023 perspective, we have always been anticipating that we would divest a majority stake in hospice. And so that is contemplated and will be contemplated in our earnings progression in 2023, where we would expect to, again, see a return to higher levels of Medicare growth while also delivering within our targeted long-term range of 11% to 15% off of that $24.50 baseline despite the hospice divestiture. For the proceeds, as I mentioned in my commentary. My preference would be to use as much as possible towards deleveraging, just so we can get that down and give us some additional flexibility we mentioned in my commentary that we would expect to be at approximately 40% by year-end versus the 45% we reported for the first quarter. And so we do expect to use a majority for debt repayment.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. So, 11% to 15%, even including the dilution off of the $24.50, thats the right way to think about it.
Susan Diamond: Yes, exactly.
Joshua Raskin: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning everyone. Interested just to get your thoughts on Medicare provider contracting the environment for FY 23. Just as we are tracking all of the proposed Medicare FFS provider rate updates that are coming out from CMS. Most of them are tending to be notably lower than what the final MA rates actually came in at. So, just interested whether you see any type of positive arbitrage around that variance, or do you think ultimately that providers will be pushing for higher MA rate increases than what they seem to be getting on a net basis in Medicare FFS, at least based on the proposed rates so far. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Hey Scott. So, yes, so to your point, so right now, we will have to see, obviously, what the final rates come in at. But currently, with what we have seen preliminarily, they are lower than the overall average sort of rate increase in terms of the rate book. Most of our  on the hospital contracting side, I would say most of our contracts are tied to fee-for-service reimbursement. And so typically, we would not see much  whatever those rates come out with is what we would see. Its not to say that we might not see some providers come and sort of want to talk to us. I would say they may want to talk to us about some other components of our contracts in terms of how we handle claims processing and audits and some other things, but I would not anticipate that we would be opening contracts up to move off of the them being tied to the Medicare reimbursement rate. I think that there are some other service categories, home health is one example where we tend to pay lower than Medicare fee-for-service rates. So, depending on where those rates come in, that could be an area where providers may come where they are being paid less than Medicare reimbursement, and they may want to have a conversation on that in this inflationary environment. So, we will continue to monitor it. I would say that at this point, based on what we have seen, we are not considering that a significant headwind that we are considering for 2023 and would view it as something that we can manage through.
Scott Fidel: So, is it fair to say that you arent seeing some favorability here between the final MA rates and the likely net provider FFS rates, right?
Susan Diamond: I mean based on whats come out so far, and then thats what it would suggest. And we will have to see where the final rates come in.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Windley: Hi. Good morning. Just focusing on the home health build-out and expansion there. You mentioned I think One Home relative to Texas and Florida launching your value based in North Carolina and Virginia. Can you talk about how rapidly you can continue to expand markets with that strategy? And then are there other  is that mostly an organic strategy or are there some inorganic bolt-ons that you could add to that to accelerate it?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. A few things, I think our goal is to get to close to 50% over the next 5 years of our members to be in that. And thats the full relationship with One Home. And there is really components of that relationship. One is around the actual ability to as Susan was describing the value-based payment area where you manage that and go through One Home from a contractual point of view. The second part of it is the build-out of DME and their pharmacy. And as you look at sort of the length of time it takes it actually is the latter part, the DME and the pharmacy takes more time than the actual contractual side. So, what we are testing right now is actually sort of a light and heavy model, so to speak. The heavy model has everything. And the light model is really more oriented to the contractual area of that. And we are hoping that, that will facilitate getting to the 50% quicker as a result of that and actually provide further improvement on the clinical costs, both in the clinical cost of the actual cost of providing the services, but also downstream prevention of ER visits and hospital admissions there. So, its really two-pronged. And again, we are trying to find how we can facilitate it quicker through a lighter model that doesnt just have to require the build-out of the DME and the pharmacy side.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And the one thing I would add to Bruces comment is, today, the model is deployed in markets that are heavy risk-based primary care. So, we are moving into markets where thats not the same dynamic. And so we are really interested to see how these first implementations go and assuming those go well, then I do think we would look to go ahead and accelerate some of the further expansion. But I want to make sure we fully assess sort of how the model works and anything that we need to learn in the environment, recognizing its a little bit different.
Bruce Broussard: And then your second question was organic versus inorganic. This will be mostly organic. I think the ability to  there is not a lot of assets out there to buy. And then in addition, I think the integration of it will probably not be as free as us just continuing to build the organic side.
David Windley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. I just wanted to ask about your risk-based primary care relationships. Can you talk about the percentage of premium that are under those types of relationships and the impact to MLR? And then as I think about primary care services more broadly, how do you think about virtual healthcare?
Bruce Broussard: I will take that. Today, its about two-thirds of our revenue is within the Medicare Advantage business is really with practices that are under a risk model. Now that varies between a full risk to we refer to as a path risk which is up and down, but whether its a bonus or up and down risk with some color around protection of it. So, we do see continued growth in that area and continued not only improvement in the number of members that are under that relationship, but also more and more of our practices are in surplus, which we really consider as being the most important value because this means that they are earning more dollars than they would in a fee-for-service environment. So, first, we do measure not only the total, but also the effectiveness and the impact it has on providers. Relative to virtual health, I would say we look at that as virtual primary care. We look at that as not only being part of the primary care itself and being incorporated in our relationship. But in addition, we are testing through our Heal relationship, actually attribution of individuals to a virtual health provider and then the ability to not only use virtual health but also go into the home. So, its not office base. Its actually at traveling physician along with a virtual health component to it. And they are actually attributed the patient. And so we are testing that in a few markets as we speak today with a partnership that we have with one of our joint venture relationships we have, Heal.
Lisa Gill: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Gary Taylor from Cowen. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi. Good morning. I just want to go back to reserves for a second, just a couple of parts to my question. I know days claims payable only down 0.7 of a day sequentially. But the fee-for-service IBNR piece was down about three sequentially. So, I just wanted some help if there was anything in particular driving that? And then my second part of the question was you are sitting at 43 days claims payable. There is a comment that pre-pandemic you ran closer to 40%. And just wondering, is that just sort of an FYI? Are you alluding to the fact that as we sort of move post-pandemic you anticipate moving back towards $40 and releasing some of those reserves into earnings over time?
Susan Diamond: Yes. Hi Gary. And so to your point, there is a lot of noise just the last couple of years due to COVID and the impact to sort of claims submission timelines, capitated provider surplus amounts in payments. And I know we have talked about that in the last number of quarters and the magnitude of the impact of those dynamics. And so thats why we provided the reference to the pre-COVID levels, which we think is a better benchmark to assess this its hard to otherwise normalize for all of those considerations. And so as you said, we are sitting three days above what our average ran pre-COVID, which we view is the more relevant compare to and feel good about the level of reserves that we are sitting on as of the end of the quarter.
Gary Taylor: Can I just follow-up real quick. Is the dollar of COVID cushion? Is that  in your view, is that sort of already sitting in reserves that would be released, or is part of that anticipated to be generated by 22 operating results?
Susan Diamond: Yes. So, I would say in terms of whats currently sitting in DCP, to the degree some of our reserve estimates for the first quarter or prior year proved to be conservative as that would unwind, then that would have been some of what is currently reflected in the reserve levels. And the way we thought about in our plan anyway, we sort of layered in that conservatism ratably. And as we said in the earlier commentary, we certainly did not see a net COVID headwind in the first quarter, but we are being cautious about how we think about unit cost trend in particular.
Gary Taylor: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Q&A session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bruce Broussard for any closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, and thank you for all our investors in both participating in today and continuing to support the company. As we have communicated, we continue to believe that we started with a strong year and look forward to continuing that progression throughout the remaining part of the year. And then lastly, I would like to thank our 90,000 employees that are every day going to work to help support both these results, but more importantly, our members and patients that we serve on a daily basis. Thank you, and everyone have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference maybe recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2021 results and our updated financial outlook for 2022. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the line for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our fourth quarter 2021 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note, in particular, that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana reported financial results for the fourth quarter of 2021 reflecting the strength of our core operations, which continued to perform well throughout 2021 despite the challenges the industry faced as a result of the pandemic. With that in mind, and as we enter a new fiscal year, I want to take a moment and speak not only to our 2021 results and our outlook for the current year, but more broadly about our strategy and the steps we're taking to position Humana for success. Susan will discuss our results and outlook in more detail in a moment. But at a high level, our 2021 results and our 2020 outlook are largely in line with recently provided guidance. Adjusted earnings per share for the full year were $20.64, which was above our previous estimate of approximately $20.50. This represents growth of 11.6% off of our 2020 baseline of $18.50 while covering a $1 unmitigated net COVID headwind. Looking forward, we provided full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of at least $24. This represents 11.6% growth over our 2021 baseline of $21.50 and 16.3% growth of our actual adjusted EPS of $20.64. This guidance includes an embedded COVID headwind of $1. Before I highlight some of the actions we're taking to deliver the improved individual Medicare Advantage membership and how we're applying learnings from the most recent annual enrollment season, I want to emphasize that we are operating from a position of strength. I'm incredibly proud that Humana is the second largest Medicare Advantage plan provider supporting over 5 million beneficiaries with high-quality coverage. The quality of our product offering is the highest among our public peers with over 97% of Medicare Advantage members in plan with a four-star rating or higher. We've also increased the number of contracts that received a five-star rating from one contract in 2021 to four contracts in 2022, which is the most in our history. Finally, we saw an improvement of 930 basis points in our Net Promoter Score this past year, reflecting our ongoing efforts to enhance the customer experience. We continue to advance our customer segmentation efforts, developing plans that are tailored to the unique needs of our specific member populations. This allows us to provide benefits that enhance and complement an individual's existing coverage through programs like Medicaid or entities such as Veterans Affairs. We're seeing great success through our initial segmentation efforts, growing D-SNP membership greater than 40% in both 2020 and 2021. In addition, our Humana Honor Plan designed for veterans that is also available to all Medicare eligibles grew membership 80% last year. We have a strong brand and our expertise caring for people as their age is highly recognized by consumers. As a result, we've increased market share over time, achieving annualized enrollment growth of 11% since 2017, which is well above market growth. Moreover, we have a proven track record of balancing membership and margin growth with our long-term earnings growth target range of 11% to 15% continuing to be the ultimate goal. With that in mind, a key element of our plan is to return to industry-leading membership growth without negatively impacting earnings growth. We will achieve this by leaning into our successful history of reducing costs and improving operational efficiencies. We are committed to delivering sustainable cost reductions in order to create the needed capacity to improve our competitive positioning. We are committing to drive $1 billion of additional value for the enterprise through cost savings, productivity initiatives and value acceleration from previous investments. This will create the capacity to fund growth and investments in our Medicare Advantage business and further expansion of our healthcare service capabilities. These efforts span several areas. First, we have already begun a critical review of our ongoing strategic initiatives across the company. We intend to further focus our investments on those priorities where we have the greatest conviction of significant value potential. We will slow or pause further investment in some areas in order to focus on accelerating value creation from investments we've already made. Next, we will drive further organizational efficiencies by optimizing our workforce in order to speed these  increase the speed, agility and pace we must work at as a large integrated healthcare organization. We see the opportunity to streamline our operating structure, standardized work and simplify certain processes to eliminate low-value work. Third, we will reduce and optimize third-party spend. In some areas of our business, this will translate to decrease in vendor use, while in others we will outsource work to best-in-class suppliers. In addition, with the ongoing reality of COVID and the way it has changed the way everyone works, we will be significantly rationalizing our real estate portfolio. And finally, we are driving greater operational efficiencies across the organization by modernizing, streamlining and improving our processes through automation and digital advancement. This includes the use of technology to replace manual efforts in our core operations and to increase productivity of our workforce. Beyond creating capacity to invest in our Medicare Advantage products, we are also focused on optimizing our marketing spend and sales channels to maximize growth. As we've discussed previously, we have undertaken significant work each year to determine the optimal level of marketing investment and how these dollars are put to work. Applying our learnings from the most recent selling season, we expect to further optimize our investment in marketing to ensure our messages are heard by more prospective customers. We also plan to accelerate digital capabilities to increase our effectiveness and efficiency and member acquisition and focus on experience of our existing members to improve retention. We will continue to focus on ensuring we have a clear differentiated and omnipresent brand with a strong call to action that supports industry-leading customer acquisition. And as we improve the value proposition of our plans, we believe we will see even greater returns from our marketing spend. Regarding our sales channel, we will look to optimize the use of our internal channels as well as external partners. Our 2,400 employed sales agents work to create long-term relationships with our members, ensuring they are educated on their planned choices and the benefits and additional support services each plan offers. This leads to better engagement, greater plan satisfaction and ultimately better health outcomes and longer tenure with Humana. We do not expect significant shifts in channel mix this year. We will continue our efforts to improve retention of our members broadly. This will include a particular focus on those enrolled in third-party call centers, where we've seen term rates approximately 400 basis points higher than our internal call sales channel. We'll be working with our call center partners to more closely replicate the experience delivered by our employed agents through enhanced training and service level agreements. And we'll also look for opportunities to create greater retention and quality incentives for sales partners. As I mentioned a few moments ago, Humana offers superior quality to its members, has a strong brand and a long history of expertise in caring for people as they age. Additionally, our clinical focus and suite of healthcare service capabilities allow us to take a holistic approach to supporting members, ensuring they receive high-quality, proactive and comprehensive care, which improves health outcomes. We will leverage the strength of these core fundamentals as we work with our internal and external partners to improve retention. As we look ahead and focus on our core operations, we are committed to continuing the track record of being capital efficient as we consider strategic advancement and return of capital to shareholders. To that end, we are committed to advancing our plans to divest a majority interest in our hospice business as we are confident we can deliver the desired experiences and outcomes for patients transitioning for restorative care to hospice through partnership models. We have continued to explore various alternatives for the long-term ownership structure of the business and have initiated steps to reorganize the hospice business for stand-alone operations while also making investments to improve clinician recruiting and retention to position the business for further growth. While we're not able to share details today on a specific transaction structure or timing, we expect that we will be in a position to provide a meaningful update by our first quarter call. Our ability to drive innovation and improved clinical outcomes is enabled by our strong integrated care delivery platform. And in recent years, we've made  have significantly expanded our healthcare service capabilities in order to better serve our members and strengthen our payer-agnostic care offerings. Our healthcare service businesses are an important component of our strategy and will contribute considerably to Humana's long-term growth. Combining our leading Medicare Advantage platform and growing pharmacy, primary care and home services increases our total addressable market and creates the opportunity for improved clinical outcomes lower cost of care and increased enterprise margin from our health plan members. Our PBM, which is the fourth largest in the country, processed 515 million 30-day equivalent scripts in 2021, an 8% increase year-over-year. In addition, our pharmacy dispensing business continues to deliver industry-leading mail order penetration. And we've successfully implemented tools to enhance our e-commerce experience while expanding our mail order footprint as we get closer to the customer. Our success is not only expanding volume but improving health outcomes, evident by our four-star level performance in medication adherence metrics, which are 3x weighted. In our primary care business, we are in the early stages of growth and continue to expand our geographic presence. We are committed to funding the organic growth of our primary care organization in 2023 and beyond through a combination of on- and off-balance sheet such that we expect no dilution to earnings growth from the organic growth expansion. To provide more insight into our primary care organization, we ended last year with 206 centers, representing a 32% increase over the prior year. We are accelerating the build-out of our platform through a combination of de novo expansion and inorganic growth. We completed nine acquisitions last year, bringing 40 newly wholly-owned centers to our portfolio. We also opened 15 new de novo centers and consolidated five clinics into other locations. We plan to continue prioritizing tuck-in acquisitions focused on the markets where we have established presence to provide more access and high-quality care to patients. In addition, we recently announced our intent to build an additional 26 centers this year under our existing joint venture with Welsh, Carson. When combined with planned acquisitions, this is expected to increase our center count by approximately 20% and bringing our total center count to approximately 250 centers by the end of this year. As we look to 2023 and beyond, we plan to build and acquire an additional 30 to 50 centers per year, again financed in a way that is not expected to be dilutive to earnings. I would remind you that each mature center is projected to drive annual EBITDA of $2 million to $4 million, highlighting the meaningful opportunity, increased contribution to enterprise earnings going forward. Turning to the home. We recently announced the appointment of our new home leader, Dr. Andy Agwunobi. Andy comes to Humana from the University of Connecticut, where he serves as Interim University President and as CEO of the UConn Health System. He will join Humana and serve as a member of our management team starting later this month. He has been responsible for many home health organizations as part of its integrated health systems. He has extensive operational experience with for-profit and non-profit organization. And as a doctor, he understands the value of care in the home, why seniors want more of it and our vision at Humana for making it easier for people to get the care they need at home. Kindred at Home has a strong fee-for-service business that we are committed to continuing to grow. In addition, as I shared last quarter, we have made substantial progress towards our goal of scaling and maturing a risk-bearing value-based model that manages the provision of home health, durable medical equipment and home infusion services. We believe the model has significant value creation potential, both within Humana as well as payer agnostically. We have a goal of covering nearly 50% of Humana Medicare managed members under this model within the next five years. The home model is active in South Florida and Texas today will begin  and today we'll begin the rollout of additional markets of Virginia and North Carolina in the second quarter with subsequent rollout to additional geographies this year and early next year. After completing these first two phases of expansion, our value-based home health model will provide coverage to approximately 15% of Humana Medicare Advantage members. In addition to the expansion of the full value-based model, we have the opportunity to accelerate our return on investment by introducing select components of the full based home health model, such as stand-alone DME or utilization management services in less dense markets. We believe approximately 60% to 70% of Humana members will be served by the comprehensive value-based model over time while the remaining will be supported by select components based on the needs of the market. Before I turn it over to Susan, I want to once again emphasize that Humana's core operations are strong, and we continue to create significant value by driving growth in our top-tier Medicare Advantage business, expanding our Medicaid footprint and increasing contribution from our healthcare service businesses and delivering ongoing cost efficiencies and productivity improvements across the company. Indeed, we have great confidence both in the fundamentals of the Medicare Advantage industry and the long-term growth prospects for Humana. And as we look ahead, our improved membership growth, combined with further penetration in our growing and maturing healthcare service businesses, position Humana favorably to deliver on long-term earnings target in 2023 and beyond. We have a proven track record of not only balancing membership and margin to deliver our long-term 11% to 15% earnings growth target, but also improving health outcomes and lowering the total cost of care for our members and optimizing our operations through productivity and efficiency initiatives, and we look forward to delivering on our latest targets. With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning everyone. Today, we reported full year 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $20.64, slightly ahead of our expectations of approximately $20.50. As Bruce mentioned, despite the challenges we faced in 2021 due to the pandemic, our fundamentals remain strong with the underlying core business delivering solid results for the full year. Including the impact of an unmitigated net COVID headwind of $1, our adjusted EPS grew 11.6% off of our 2020 baseline of $18.50 and our individual Medicare Advantage membership grew 11%, outpacing the industry. I will now take a few moments to discuss our fourth quarter results and underlying trends before turning to our expectations for 2022. We reported fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $1.24, slightly above internal expectations and consensus estimates. Fourth quarter results for the retail segment were largely in line with expectations. Total medical costs in our Medicare Advantage business ran approximately 1% below baseline during the fourth quarter, in line with the forecast we shared in early November. While COVID utilization remain higher than initially expected due to the Omicron variant surge, we continue to see a corresponding reduction in non-COVID utilization through the end of 2021 and this trend has continued into early 2022. Although a smaller percentage of individuals that are infected with the Omicron variant require hospitalization as compared to previous surges, COVID admissions in recent weeks have been consistent with levels experienced in January 2021 due to the significantly higher rate of transmissibility of the Omicron variant. With respect to the flu, trends remain favorable to expectations in the fourth quarter and have continued this pattern in the first few weeks of 2022. In our Group and Specialty segment, our results were slightly better than previous expectations for both our group medical and our specialty businesses. All-in utilization and our fully insured group medical business continued to run a bit above baseline but slightly better than our previous expectations. Our Specialty business results also outperformed as utilization particularly for dental services continued to run lower than anticipated. Finally, each of our healthcare services businesses performed consistent with expectations in the fourth quarter. The integration of Kindred at Home operations remains on track and results post acquisition have emerged as anticipated. Fourth quarter 2021 home health admissions were up slightly while hospice experienced a low single-digit decline as compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. From a full year perspective, we have seen home health admissions up low single digits with hospice admissions down low single digits year-over-year. It is important to note that hospice volumes have been impacted by the higher mortality rates driven by COVID as well as lower post-acute facility volumes. As I shared last quarter, we are closely monitoring admission and clinical staffing trends and are making targeted investments to sustainably improve the recruitment and retention of nurses to position the businesses for further growth as trends begin to normalize. We improved home health and hospice nurse retention by double digits in 2021, positively growing net nurse headcount in the second half of the year. We also reduced the number of nurses who attrit in the first 90 days of employment in the second half of 2021 for the first time since the pandemic began. While we are pleased with this progress, we acknowledge that the labor market remains challenging, and there is more work to be done to further improve nurse satisfaction and retention. In our primary care organization, patient growth in our de novo centers exceeded expectations in 2021, increasing 68% year-over-year with these centers now serving over 20,000 patients. We expect this growth to continue into 2022. Finally, our pharmacy operations remain strong with industry-leading mail order penetration. Amongst our individual Medicare Advantage members, 38% of scripts prescribed in 2021 were dispensed by Humana Pharmacies mail order business, which continues to increase year-over-year. In addition, in more mature center well clinics, we have seen mail order penetration rates for Humana members approach 50%. And when combined with prescriptions dispensed by co-located Humana retail pharmacies, total Humana Pharmacy market share can approach 60%. Our strong mail order volumes continue to highlight that members value the convenience and cost savings mail order delivery provides, which also leads to better medication adherence and health outcomes benefiting our members and health plan. Before turning to our 2022 outlook, I would like to add to Bruce's earlier comments regarding our commitment to taking significant actions to create capacity for investments in our Medicare products, which will allow us to significantly improve membership growth in 2023 without impacting earnings growth. We have already begun taking action to deliver on this commitment, including engaging external consultants to benchmark Humana's operating structure and initiating a deep dive into processes across the organization to ensure that we identify a comprehensive set of opportunities. We are on a continuous journey of improvement and are confident in our ability to remain a leader in the Medicare Advantage industry and deliver on our long-term earnings growth target in 2022 and beyond. Now turning to our 2022 expectations and related assumptions. Today, we are providing adjusted EPS guidance for 2022 of at least $24, representing growth of 11.6% over our 2021 baseline of $21.50 and 16.3% over our actual 2021 adjusted EPS of $20.64, consistent with our previous commentary. This guidance contemplates an explicit COVID-related headwind of $1 in adjusted EPS. In addition, as previously shared, we are assuming medical costs return to baseline levels and the costs related to COVID continue to be offset by the depressed non-COVID utilization in our Medicare Advantage business. To the extent the $1 explicit COVID headwind is not ultimately realized, we will be conservative regarding the timing and pace with which we adjust our full-year earnings guidance to ensure we do not get ahead of any potential emerging trends. Our 2022 outlook reflects top line growth above 10% with consolidated revenues projected to be north of $92 billion at the midpoint, driven by continued growth in our Medicare Advantage business and expansion of our payer-agnostic Healthcare Services businesses, partially offset by expected declines in our commercial group medical, Medicaid and Medicare stand-alone Part D or PDP membership, 2022 EPS also reflects the impact of a reduced share count as a result of the $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program entered into in January. With respect to the forecasting quarterly EPS, we acknowledge it will continue to be challenging, predicting the timing of additional COVID surges and the related rise in COVID costs and offsetting reductions in non-COVID utilization which generally occurs on a lag. At this time, we expect the percentage of first quarter earnings to be in the high 20s. We will provide updated color on our expected quarterly patterns throughout the year but would encourage investors to focus on the full-year results given these COVID-related timing dynamics. I will now provide additional color on the 2022 outlook for each of our business segments, starting with Retail. As recently shared, we now anticipate individual Medicare Advantage membership growth of 150,000 to 200,000 members in 2022. We added approximately 138,000 members during the annual election period, including approximately 48,000 D-SNP members. Touching on Group MA, we continue to expect membership to be generally flat for 2022 as we do not anticipate any large accounts will be gained or lost as we continue to maintain pricing discipline in a highly competitive market. From a PDPs perspective, we expect a membership decline of approximately 125,000 members for the full year. As previously shared, the overall PDP market continues to decline as more consumers enroll in Medicare Advantage, and we remain focused on creating enterprise value from our PDP plans by driving mail order penetration and conversions to Medicare Advantage. We are projecting approximately 80,000 of our PDP members to convert to a Humana Medicare Advantage plan in 2022. Finally, we anticipate that our Medicaid membership will decline 50,000 to 100,000 members in 2022. This change reflects membership losses resulting from the start of redetermination, which we expect to begin following the end of the public health emergency in April. These losses will be partially offset by membership additions expected as part of the Ohio contract award, which will go live in July. The addition of the Ohio contract award expands our Medicaid presence to six states, which as we have shared before, has been largely accomplished through organic growth. The Retail segment revenue is expected to be in a range of $81.2 billion to $82.2 billion, reflecting a 10% increase year-over-year at the midpoint. The year-over-year change includes the impact of the normalization of Medicare risk adjustment revenue in 2022, the phase-out of the sequestration relief beginning in the second quarter as well as the impact of changing member mix. The benefit ratio guidance of 86.6% to 87.6% is 80 basis points lower than the 2021 benefit ratio of 87.9% at the midpoint driven in part by the normalization of Medicare Advantage revenue in 2021, partially offset by the expected return to baseline medical cost trends. In summary, we are guiding to Retail segment pretax income in the range of $2.35 billion to $2.55 billion for 2022, an increase of 26% over 2021 at the midpoint of the range, which includes the impact of an approximate 50 basis points increase in individual MA margin year-over-year. Moving to our Group and Specialty segment, we are expecting total commercial medical membership, including both fully insured and ASO products, to decline by 125,000 to 155,000 members. This decline primarily reflects lower small group quoting activity and sales attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic, specifically as it relates to continued actions by our competitors to retain membership as well as the loss of a large group ASO account. These impacts are expected to be partially offset by strong retention of our existing members. From a profitability perspective, we expect this segment to show nice pretax growth driven by improved profitability in the group medical business resulting from the rating actions taken to account for the expected impact of COVID in 2022. This improvement was partially offset by a reduction in expected earnings from our specialty business year-over-year as we do not expect the COVID-driven outperformance seen in 2021 to continue. All-in we are guiding to a pretax range of $185 million to $285 million for the segment. For our Healthcare Services segment, we expect adjusted EBITDA in the range of $1.675 billion to $1.825 billion for 2022. The 2022 outlook reflects a full-year contribution of Kindred at Home and continued growth in our pharmacy and primary care businesses. These items are partially offset by investments to enhance our clinical capabilities and expand our value-based home care model as well as investments to support the continued expansion of our primary care organization. In our Kindred at Home business, home health admissions are expected to be up mid-single digits with hospice admissions up low-single digits year-over-year. As I mentioned previously, Kindred at Home anticipates ongoing staffing challenges in 2022 driven by the labor shortage the industry is currently facing. We are focused on mitigation efforts through targeted investments to improve recruitment and retention of nurses. We expect these investments to continue our second half of 2021 trend of improved retention and net nurse headcount growth providing additional capacity to support top line growth. In our Primary Care business, as Bruce shared, we intend to build an additional 26 centers in 2022 under our existing joint venture with Welsh, Carson, which when combined with planned acquisitions, is expected to increase our center count by approximately 20% in 2022 and bring our total center count to approximately 250 centers by the end of the year. Patient growth in our de novo centers is expected to exceed 10,000 in 2022, reaching approximately 30,000 by year-end, a 57% increase year-over-year. From an operating cost ratio perspective, we are guiding to a consolidated adjusted operating cost ratio in the range of 13.2% to 14.2% for 2022, an increase of 160 basis points at the midpoint from the adjusted ratio of 12.1% in 2021. This increase reflects the full-year impact of Kindred at Home, which has a significantly higher operating cost ratio than the company's historical consolidated operating cost ratio, the incremental 7.5-month impact of Kindred at Home operations are contributing approximately 150 basis points to the expected year-over-year increase. I would like to now briefly discuss capital deployment for 2022. We will continue to prioritize investments in our core business to drive organic growth. Strategic tuck-in M&A remains part of our overall framework and we will be prudent and opportunistic as we focus on organic growth in the near term. And finally, we recognize the importance of returning capital to shareholders, and we expect to maintain our strong track record of repurchases as demonstrated by the $1 billion accelerated repurchase program that we entered into in January. While our debt-to-cap ratio is temporarily impacted by the acquisition of Kindred at Home, we believe we have sufficient capacity to execute on high priority investments initiatives such as primary care growth while continuing to deliver strong shareholder returns. In closing, I would like to reinforce our commitment to drive $1 billion of additional value for the enterprise through cost savings, productivity initiatives and value acceleration from previous investments in order to create capacity to fund growth and investment in our Medicare Advantage business and further expansion of our Healthcare Services capabilities. As reflected in our initial guidance for 2022, we have entered the year targeting the low end of our long-term earnings growth range of 11% to 15%, which includes an embedded COVID headwind. To the extent this COVID headwind is not ultimately realized, we will be conservative regarding the timing and pace with which we adjust our full-year guidance. We believe entering the year with this headwind incorporated into our guidance is prudent in the current environment, and we are proactively taking steps to position the company to continue to deliver on our long-term targets in 2023 and beyond. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Matthew Borsch: Hey, thank you. Maybe if you could talk about how the likelihood of earnings upside for this year just given the way that you're positioned with a very, I don't know, very  but a conservative MA bid for 2022? Don't you think that would make margin upside more likely as you move through the year? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Matt, thank you. So certainly, as we've said repeatedly, we definitely are approaching our 2020 guidance with conservatism, which we think is a prudent thing to do. We disclosed the explicit $1 COVID headwind, which is embedded in our guide. And while we do consider that conservatism, we do just want to reinforce that there remains to be a lot to learn about COVID. There are certain dynamics that continue to emerge, things like whether Medicare will cover over-the-counter testing. We continue to watch the trends in terms of hospitalizations due to COVID. As I mentioned, while the Omicron variant seems to be less severe, it is much more transmissible, leading to many more COVID hospitalizations, some of which are not, frankly, directly related to COVID in terms of the admitting condition, but rather they're being admitted and happen to test positive for COVID. And that results in that extra 20% payment that's provided for under the public health emergency. So those are just two examples of the things that we'll continue to watch, which may prove to be that the $1 COVID headwind becomes necessary. But as we've said clearly, if it proves that  like we've seen historically that all of the COVID costs continue to be offset, and that proves to be conservatism, then you will see that release over the course of the year through additional earnings. And if the entirety of that $1 was not needed, then we would end up above the high end of our long-term targeted range. But just again, encourage everyone to not get ahead of us on that as there's still a lot to be learned and monitor, as it respects COVID trends over the coming year.
Matthew Borsch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. A couple of numbers related questions here. First on the $1 billion, can you talk about how much of that $1 billion will be cost cutting versus other value creation? And what's the timing of the benefit here in 2022 versus 2023 and beyond? And whether any of these benefits assumed in 2022 EPS? And then quickly, just in your release, you reiterated your 11% to 15% earnings growth target for 2023 and beyond. Can we take that to indicate that you expect to grow 11% to 15% next year despite the headwind of lower membership growth from this year? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. I can take that, Justin. So for your first question about the $1 billion cost cutting, how much is cost cutting, Bruce laid out four sort of high-level categories that we expect to contribute to that overall goal of $1 billion in value creation. We would estimate currently that each of those will probably proportionately contribute to that goal evenly over those four categories. There's still a lot to be done to finalize discrete initiatives and the timing of those, but that is our initial thinking. And we'll certainly keep everyone apprised of our progress towards that goal as we go through the year and finalize some of our 2023 pricing and bids. As it respects to the timing of that, as I said, we continue to work on the detailed assessment of opportunities that will lead to a variety of implementations over the course of the year. We are highly motivated to create a path to that. So we have a run rate going into 2023, so we can count on that in pricing. And we would certainly expect some benefit from these actions in 2022, although the benefit would be meaningfully smaller than our overall 2023 target, expecting that most of these initiatives would be implemented late in the year and so contribute less obviously to 2022 guidance. As we discussed recently with the reduction of our 2022 individual MA membership growth expectations that, that all other things being equal would have some negative impact to 2022, certainly, any acceleration we can get from the $1 billion value creation activities can certainly help as one of the puts and takes that we always consider as we finalize our full-year forecast. So all in, again, while we might have some impact from these initiatives in acceleration, that would be contemplated in our guide. And it's just one of many things that we've considered as we go out with our initial guidance. As with respect to 2023 and beyond in our commentary, we do remain committed to delivering against our long-term earnings growth target. We believe that the actions we'll be taking this year to position us to return to leading growth will help us do that without negatively impacting our expected long-term EPS target. So that's our current expectation. And certainly, we'll continue to keep you apprised as we go through the year.
Bruce Broussard: And Justin, just to maybe create some clarity on when we talk about the initiatives that we're focused on and slowing down, I just want to reemphasize to the shareholders that we are very oriented to growing the primary care in the home area. And so those initiatives really would continue to see the planned investments in those areas, those other areas that we will slowly grow or pause as a result of this $1 billion goal.
Justin Lake: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. I guess maybe just to go into this $1 billion value comment a little bit more. I mean some of these sounds like, things that as an enterprise you would be doing to some degree every year anyway. I mean how should we think about this $1 billion number? Is it incremental to what you would normally be assuming? Or is it you normally get $300 million and now you're doing $1 billion? And it sounds like, I just want to confirm that this is separate and distinct from trend vendors, but I just wasn't sure if that trend vendors were part of this $1 billion. Thank you, guys.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I'll take that. It is in addition to what we normally have seen over the years. As you know, we've continued to focus on our productivity. We do believe a number of investments that we've made over the last few years are ripe to really help with the productivity side of our organization. And in addition, I think there's some number of them that will also provide some clinical and additional clinical benefits for us. So this is in addition to our normal, as you referred to, the trend vendors our clinical outcomes there. So why don't we think about the investments there. But to be frank with you, we are pushing the organization to be more efficient. This is a much more larger effort for us as an organization, we feel that we have significant opportunity to do it. We believe that focusing on investing in our customer is the top priority for us and continuing to expand the Healthcare Services side. So that just takes a continued refinement of where we spend our money and focus on continuing to be more efficient.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Baxter with Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask another one about the $1 billion. Any rough sense you can give us on how much of that will be allocated to Medicare Advantage versus Healthcare Services? And then within Medicare Advantage, how should we think about the balance between benefit improvement and what you're talking about doing on the marketing side? And I guess the continuation of that question would be, should we think about the entirety of that benefit as accruing to 2023? Or is there then going to be an incremental benefit from some of these efforts as we move into 2024? Just trying to think about how the growth acceleration could be sustained as we move past 2023. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Stephen, I'll take that. So the value creation will span all segments. Different segments that will probably contribute a little bit differently. Certainly, in our MA business and the scale at which we operate, as Bruce mentioned, we might expect more efficiency opportunities in that business versus within Healthcare Services where we're still looking to grow particularly in primary care, where it's less mature and then within Kindred, as we described, focusing on improving nurse retention for the purposes of creating additional capacity to drive top line growth is where we might focus. So it will look a little bit different. I would say, in places like Healthcare Services, we'll look for opportunities to optimize the business performance to improve additional pretax contribution and value acceleration where some of our more mature businesses will likely see more benefiting from more traditional cost initiatives and productivity. In terms of how we'll use the capacity that we create, that will be a combination of benefits, marketing and distribution on the Medicare side as well as continued investment in Healthcare Services across Pharmacy, Primary Care and Kindred in order to support some of our forward-looking capabilities there. So how exactly that will be allocated will be determined based on some additional work that still needs to be done as we approach our 2023 bids. Our teams are actively working to assess the impacts of the 2023 selling season and formulate their recommendations in terms of how to best optimize those investment dollars across product, marketing and distribution. It's hard to say right now whether we can fully get back to industry-leading growth by 2023. That certainly would be our goal, and we'll work hard to see if we can do that. But recognizing the rate notice still needs to be reviewed once that comes out and a variety of other factors we need to consider that will ultimately determine whether we can do that in one year or whether it takes a little bit longer. And again, as we go through the year, we'll keep you apprised of our efforts. But certainly, we'll work hard to accelerate growth as quickly as possible.
Bruce Broussard: On your question on 2024 and just sustainable, our objective in this $1 billion goal is to have a significant amount of the savings to have a sustainable year-by-year. This isn't just a one-year shot. We're looking to really focus on the improved productivity as an important part of that. Obviously, the clinical programs we can build off of are really two areas that we look at as having sustainable long-term impact.
Stephen Baxter: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. I think I might just ask you about the primary care centers. It's been a while since you talked about the economics of those. I know, Bruce, in your comments, you said that a maturity  a center could contribute $2 million to $4 million. Can you talk a little bit about how long it takes? Any updated thoughts on how long it takes to get to profitability? And then once you get to breakeven, how long it takes you to get to that mature margin? And on a center, what would a $2 million to $4 million represent in terms of an EBITDA margin? Maybe just flesh that out a little more.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hey, A.J. So I think as we disclosed before, we anticipate that it will take roughly three to five years to deliver and achieve certain mature operating performance within an individual de novo clinic and through our Welsh, Carson partnership seem to be on track to deliver that. I don't believe we've disclosed the targeted margin for our primary care centers. But I think what we've said previously, we don't believe that our operating performance would look meaningfully different than others that are operating in the public space, other high-quality performing providers. So we have every reason to believe that our cost will be similar to others and performance level.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I want to get back to the $1 billion of additional value and specifically the impact on Humana. Is all of that getting reinvested to help longer-term growth? Or does some of that actually  some of those savings actually fall to the bottom line? And then you talked about areas where you have the greatest conviction on significant value potential. Should we assume that, that means primary care in the home? I apologize for the run-on question, but the last part would be, you've spoken about a 4.5% to 5% target MA margin for the individual MA as you put this together in terms of this value creation project. Is there a different thought on target margins? And is that  should we be thinking more about enterprise level margins as opposed to individual MA? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Josh, I can take that. So in terms of your first question about whether the $1 billion investment would fall to the bottom line or be reinvested, I think our thinking right now is that it's likely to be predominantly reinvested into high priority areas, including Medicare product, distribution and sales as well as primary care in the home. Having said that though  that allows us to return to industry-leading growth, just the trajectory of that membership growth and the resulting benefits to the full enterprise and the variety of capabilities and services that support those members, that can also allow for some of that margin expansion over time as well. In terms of the references we made to value creation, what that's recognizing is that over the last number of years, we've made meaningful investment in a variety of areas, things like consumer experience, technology platforms, digital and analytic capabilities as well as on the Healthcare Services side within primary care in the home as well as pharmacy. And what we're going to ask the enterprise to do is rather than embark on additional investment in some of those capabilities, rather focus all of our resources on maximizing value creation out of those investments we've already made. And we believe that will lead to opportunities accelerate value creation for the enterprise that can then be reinvested into all of those things I just mentioned. And one example of that is the introduction of our value-based home health model. While we envision a comprehensive model that Bruce described in his remarks, there are also opportunities to deploy discrete elements of that, whether that's stand-alone DME or utilization management in markets that maybe don't have the density to support the full model and that we can accelerate some of that to generate additional value for the enterprise. So those are things that we'll ask the team to focus on and just maximize return off the investments we've made to date rather than continue to invest incrementally more in the current time frame. On the margin question, so again, we remain committed to our long-term individual MA margin. We're pleased to announce that we'll see some progress, positive progress this year as we mentioned in my remarks. We expect expansion of about 50 basis points in 2022. We think that, again, over time, as we return to an industry-leading position and scale some of our other businesses, that does allow us to continue to expand margin long term discretely within the health plan. But also, as we've said before, we think it is important that everyone continue to focus on the broader enterprise margin potential off of our Healthcare Services capabilities which as we continue to expand the coverage of primary care and the home and increased penetration in pharmacy, those discrete contributions allow us to add significantly more value to the enterprise off of that base individual MA membership long term, such that we should be able to see even greater enterprise margin expansion over time. And as we continue to grow those businesses that will just become an increasingly important part of our value creation story and support our long-term sustainable EPS growth target.
Josh Raskin: Perfect, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Two just quick numbers questions, if I could. The first is just if you could update us on for the MRA headwinds related to the pandemic where that ultimately came in for 2021? And then it sounds like are you assuming that you're going to fully normalize on the risk scores in 2022? Or maybe if you could just talk to specifically how much improvement you expect on that? And then just a second one, if I could, just as it relates to HH&H and as we think about what you had previously told us you're planning to do with hospice, I remember that when you had initially gave us the presentation on the acquisition, there was a 50-50 split that you talked about between home health EBITDA versus hospice EBITDA. Still just interested if that's where it's tracking heading into 2022 as well. Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Great. Thanks, Scott. So for the first question related to premium. So yes, we gave disclosures throughout 2021 as we continue to track the submission of diagnosis codes, which obviously, was important into returning to more normalized premium levels for 2022. So we did continue to see diagnosis code submissions track as we expected. Its important to consider that the January premium overall is also going to reflect the impact of members newly enrolled or disenrolled. It also now reflects the impact of the higher mortality that we experienced as a result of COVID. Weve mentioned that weve been studying those impacts for some time, recognizing that the members who passed away as a result of COVID had higher than average risk scores as well as higher-than-average claims, recognizing that individuals with multiple chronic conditions were the most susceptible to severe COVID complications. So you will certainly see that reflected in our premium yield for the year, which all other things being equal, will be a little bit lower than we otherwise would have expected because of that higher mortality due to COVID. Again, the claims also run higher for that population and the results of both of those dynamics are reflected in our estimates. So we do expect our individual MA, P&P [ph] and yield to be in the high single-digit range for 2022.
Scott Fidel: And then, Susan, just on the HH&H [ph] EBITDA?
Susan Diamond: Yes. And then yes, on your question, yes, as you mentioned, when we disclosed the transaction, it was roughly 50-50 split. Hospice had slightly higher margins than the home health business, and those trends continue. So thats a reasonable assumption.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to just talk about the third  you talked about extra training for third-party sales. I just want to get to the bottom of this whole disclosure situation. Do you expect the market to sort of move in your direction? Or can you talk a little bit about how youre going to change or what exactly the training might be to sort of fix the messaging in that channel?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Let me start, and Ill look to Susan to add. Well continue to work with our external partners on being able to ensure that our customers and, frankly, the industry customers are properly  have the proper understanding of what theyre buying. At the end of the day, thats what were trying to ensure. Our disclosures are not much different than others in the marketplace. And the time that people spend on our members throughout the industry, I think, are about the same. But we do believe, considering just the sales channel itself continuing to reemphasize to our  to the members, Medicare members in totality and understanding what theyre buying is very important. We are seeing increasing interest by CMS around this particular matter. And in fact, you saw it in some other regulations that came out in the early part of January that they continue to be oriented to this particular area here.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. Thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Flox with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Is that Dave Windley that you were trying  is it me?
Susan Diamond: Hey Ben.
Operator: Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi, so Dave Windley here. Sorry for the confusion on that. But my question would be how synergistic, Bruce, are your primary care in the home, your home health initiatives and your primary care clinic initiatives? And to what extent  Ive noticed in some of your releases, some of the same states. But to what extent are you focusing your efforts in those two areas on the same local markets to drive kind of duplicative impact?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Thats great question, David. We actually refer to that internally as the flywheel and the ability for us to leverage the touch points with our members in the various different providers, and that would also include the pharmacy side. And were seeing great benefit from that all the way from obviously driving more volume, better clinical outcomes as a result of the coordination thats there and then, in addition, driving higher satisfaction. So its really touching all parts. What I would say is what you see, we started  primary care is much more focused in the markets theyre in, while Kindred has a much broader platform that can be wrapped around the primary care side. And so in a few markets this year, were actually going to work on the integration of that together. Thats one of the reasons why you also see a consistent brand around CenterWell, where were beginning to start to integrate that. So I would say 2022 is a year of beginning that process. But I would say subsequent to 2022, youll see a lot more activity in the local market of much more integration around the care model. And in addition, we see significant benefit from that.
Dave Windley: Is it too  if I could ask, is it too early to know numbers of like how much you bend to trend or cost savings from that flywheel? Do you have any...
Bruce Broussard: Yes. We usually see between two to 4x better outcomes when I say that both financially and clinically as a result of the ability to bring this in.
Dave Windley: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi, good morning. Staying on the primary care, 206 centers now expanding throughout the year. What percent of Humanas MA members overlap with your primary care centers? And what type of retention right you see with these members versus the rest of the book? And then secondly, just to clarify, we talked about the $1 billion in value creation. But as you think about that value creation, how much should we assume is going to come from gross cost cutting initiatives?
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hey, Ricky. So on the first question, Id actually have to get back to you on the actual technical coverage in terms of our CenterWell clinics overlay to our Medicare membership. So we can get back to you with that number. I dont believe weve ever disclosed anything specific to retention related to Humana members in those clinics. I will just point out that our clinics do provide care agnostically. So they have many other health plans that they serve. And so even if a Humana member should choose to enroll in another plan, they have an opportunity to preserve that member should they participate in those networks as well. As those centers continue to expand, that is an area that we are very focused on and really understanding sort of the experience that theyre providing to patients and working to ensure that those  that they have industry-leading retention within those clinics as well. And they do have very high NPS and patient satisfaction as a result of the high quality and comprehensive care that they provide. On the $1 billion of value creation, as I mentioned, the four categories that Bruce described, we think will contribute roughly equally to our overall goal. And so as he described, there are  there is a component that is related to value acceleration, which we think can impact a variety of top line growth opportunities or trend savings, et cetera. But the other categories do involve really taking costs out of the system by working more efficiently and effectively, eliminating sort of lower value work as a way to get more streamlined and focus our associates on the most important work in front of us.
Ricky Goldwasser: So should we just interpret it as you said equally? So do we just take the $1 billion and saying $250 million in gross cost savings? Just trying to think about how should we flow that through the P&L?
Susan Diamond: Yes. So as you think about the  Bruce laid out four categories. Theres the supply chain, which, again, that is savings as well. So Id say, really, its more like three quarters of the total is probably going to come from various savings initiatives and then about 1/4 from other value acceleration opportunities.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with SVB Leerink.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. I wanted to go back to Kevins question on third-party marketing for a second. Maybe just ask this a different way. I think theres still some confusion. When CMS issued their October memo last year around compliance and your oversight of first tier and third marketing organizations, did you pull back materials in the market? Did the actual compliance requirements have an impact on you? Im just trying to understand if you were out of the market and if you think you have a better view on how to course correct this.
Joe Ventura: This is Joe Ventura. Ill maybe handle that one. Weve done a variety of channel checks with our partners to make sure that we were not an outlier when you look at the compliance requirements that came out of CMS. I think as you all know, it was a recognition of responsibility for third-party marketing on behalf of all of the payers. And so our channel checks confirm that we were not an outlier. Our partners are working in this way with other large payers as well. As Bruce mentioned, to make sure that our members when they call and they purchase a plan, they know what they are purchasing and that theyre aware and that its a good quality sale for them.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Bruce Broussard: Just  I know theres a lot of interest in this. So maybe just to provide little more clarity here. What we find in this channel is there is a high degree of confusion that is with the members and what they buy. Thats one of the reasons why you see the high churn. And it has created a number of downstream issues, both confused and  members. And then in addition, just some compliance issues. And thats why you see the efforts by us and other organizations to ensure that we ensure that the individual is properly purchasing the plan that they choose.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Maybe just trying to pull together the commentary on the value creation program. I guess do you envision it allowing you to return to market growth in individual MA kind of while maintaining the target margins that you have for that business by leveraging those savings? And I guess the follow-on to that would be the $1 billion would give you over 100 basis points of margin to kind of reinvest in that business. Can you maybe talk about where those investments would be focused? And then a quick follow-up, if I could. With the 2023 rate notice coming imminently, do you have any expectations that you can share? And how significant of a swing factor do you feel that is for next year given that you are making kind of significant organic investments in the MA product for 2023? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So as with respect to value creation goal that weve set, that is with the intent of allowing us to invest in the Medicare business as well as health care services and return to industry-leading growth not at the expense of margin. So the intent is that, that will be reinvested such that we dont deteriorate margins but rather maintain and then over time, continue to expand MA margins toward our long-term goal. And we believe that target savings and value creation opportunity will allow us to do that. In terms of where well focus those investments, I think within the Medicare business, as I said, theres a lot of additional work to be done. But certainly, we will make product investments. As we analyze our results in the D-SNP space, while we continue to grow nicely, were not growing as much as we had last year. And there are certainly opportunities to enhance that product offering that we think will allow us to get back to a leading position in D-SNP. And well look at other opportunities by product as well as geographically to do that and be really thoughtful in the way we optimize any investments that were going to make. We also are looking at distribution as weve been discussing and what opportunities there may be there in terms of further investment in incentives to encourage retention and other things to optimize those channels as well as marketing. Well continue to look for ways to increase our share of voice, as Bruce described, but also ensure were getting the highest return on that investment. And theres likely some opportunities to do more there. In terms of the rate notice, were as anxious as everyone to see that. That should come out soon. Based on the strong bipartisan support of the program and the strong enrollment and continued enrollment by Medicare beneficiaries as they choose MA, given the value that it provides to consumers, we would expect that, that would be more moderate. Our expectation is that it may not be quite as favorable as weve seen in recent years, but our expectation is not that its negative either. But certainly, this is  we recognize its the first rate notice. Well see how the Biden administration and look forward to seeing that and hope that it continues to support the program and all the beneficiaries that it serves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor with Cowen.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. I just want to ask a little bit about value-based care center well. Conviva noted your announcement about the center expansion expectations for continued tuck-ins. It does look like at least theres a modest increase investment that youre making there for all the reasons that youve highlighted historically. What I wanted to ask about was what is your appetite to do something beyond just tuck-in? I think you said last year, 15 centers acquired at nine different transactions. Weve seen in the public market an enormous valuation correction, which presumably ultimately flows through the private market as well. And we know theres a number of private companies with much larger center counts that have pretty significant overlap with your MA penetration. So just wondering if theres an appetite on the tuck-in side to do something larger in an environment where valuations seem more reasonable?
Bruce Broussard: Gary, just a few things. On the tuck-in ones, we see those as just great opportunities because we can buy them at a fairly low multiple as a result of the synergies that we get in the marketplace there. So they are very  theyre great deals for us overall. So we want to continue to do those. And as you have seen over the years, we have been very sensitive to how we utilize our capital and sensitive to valuations because we do believe over time, the ability to drive value we see greater in the organic side and just densification in the markets that were in. That being said, I mean, we would  we obviously would look at those companies there. We still think the valuations, albeit theyve come down quite a bit, we continue to look at them and say, are they at a level that would make sense today. I just question a little bit of that. But that being said, we would continue to look at them. But I just  we just feel what were doing in the organic side, combined with tuck-ins, is really driving  will drive significant amount of value for the shareholders over a longer period of time and can continue to advance our strategic positioning.
Gary Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Good morning. I want to go back, Susan, to your comments on the PBM side of the business. You talked about Rx being up 8%. Whats your expectations going into 2022 around script growth? And then secondly, what are some of the opportunities you see when we think about specialty and biosimilars for your PBM for 2022?
Susan Diamond: Hi, Lisa. So with respect to pharmacy business, as we look at our 2022 expectation, certainly with the lower-than-expected MA growth, that will have some impact to the PBM year-over-year. But we also had outperformance in the stand-alone Part D space, which to some degree offset, although our PDP members dont use mail quite the same rate as our individual MA. So a little bit of a negative relative to what we would have expected. But otherwise, well continue to work to drive mail order penetration and then certainly utilization trends are expected to continue to increase as you would expect and consistent with historical trends. On the specialty side, the team does continue to look at opportunities in the specialty space and evaluate ways to both provide services agnostically but also continue to drive their ability to participate in distribution of various specialty-related drugs. So they continue to look for ways to expand that business. The other thing that they do is they work very closely with our health plans. What we like about our own specialty business is they are really working towards the health plan goals, which is to reduce waste and ensure that were reducing the cost of those high-cost specialty drugs where and when possible. And we think thats a real advantage to having our own specialty pharmacy, which is very focused and oriented to the health plan goals.
Lisa Gill: And when I was asking about biosimilars, I think Im thinking specifically to something like Humira that will lose patent protection in 2023. Is that  its a delivered product to the home. Is this something that will be beneficial to Humana?
Bruce Broussard: It could be. I mean, again, as what weve seen as they enter generic status, it is a great opportunity for the PBM to drive value. What ultimately happens is we do drive those rebates back to our customer and lower the Part D costs. So as you think about just the opportunity here, its always around how do you create a competitive product in the marketplace. But it is an opportunity for us.
Lisa Gill: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes, good morning guys. And thanks for taking the question. Bruce and Susan, I want to give you a chance to kind of clarify something on the $1 billion in value creation given the questions that Ive already gotten this morning, which I guess is, can you talk about how much of the $1 billion we should think about as cost savings or initiatives that flow to the bottom line versus initiatives that are taken to accelerate revenue growth or growth in the services segment? And then my follow-up to that would be, can you talk about the incremental spend that will be required to achieve the $1 billion kind of above and beyond what was previously planned? Just Im getting this  some analysts and investors are already reading that $1 billion through to $1 billion and operating line savings, which I dont think seems to be the case.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Let me try to clarify that. I think our intention is really to reinvest it in the customer value to be  I think ultimately, it will show back up in the bottom line through higher growth. And as you all know, right, we all are focused on how do we continue to grow our customer line. And we feel today we have the opportunity to find  to invest in both the channel, the marketing and, in addition, the product itself to drive that value. So from an investors point of view, I would look at more of the top line benefit from comes from that than the bottom line, just the margin itself. So its a much harder math to do, but it is something thats very oriented to top line growth. In regards to just the structure of the cost savings of it, as weve talked about on a few occasions, it is a combination of cost savings, taking costs out of the system, being both efficient and eliminating things that lower value and, at the same time, improving revenue but mostly clinical cost as a result of it. So there will be  when you think about the income statement line item primarily, it will show up in the operating expenses with a little bit showing up in the area of the administrative  the clinical piece.
George Hill: Thats helpful. Maybe anything on the incremental spend?
Bruce Broussard: Incremental, thats a net number. As we look at that $1 billion, it is a net number for us.
Susan Diamond: Yes. The only thing, George, as we acknowledged in the release is there may be onetime charges related to some things that we do like real estate, getting out of certain real estate. And so those we would intend to non-GAAP related to any onetime charges in order to realize some of those run rate savings.
George Hill: That's helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Cottrell with Cleveland Research.
Rob Cottrell: Just quickly, curious if you can comment on your expectation for additional individual membership, individual MA lives throughout the course of 2022, given youre already 80% of the way towards your full year guidance? And then within that, I think, Susan, you commented that you expected to convert 80,000 PDP members to MA in 2022. How many of those have already been converted as of January? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Thanks, Rob. On individual MA growth, we continue to monitor our trends both sales in terms into the open enrollment period that runs through March. And I would say that generally speaking, those trends continue to track consistent with our full year guide  adjusted full year guide. So we continue to feel good about that. On the PDP, I would say the seasonality of the PDP looks similar to overall sort of growth seasonality where you do see a disproportionate amount in January. But we do have an opportunity in PDP conversions in particular with low-income members who do have the opportunity to move throughout the year. So its not quite as weighted to January as overall growth but still more than 50% certainly is realized in the month of January.
Rob Cottrell: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So I think you touched on this maybe a little bit, but just wanted to come back on the topic of commissions into the individual MA market. I guess if we go back two years ago, my sense was that Humana and other major carriers were more than happy to pay full commissions in all distribution channels and would actually be willing to pay more if not for the regulated caps on the commissions. But obviously, in some of your commentary from early January, sounded as if Humana was perhaps not paying maximum commissions in certain channels. So really a couple of questions around that. I guess, with hindsight, do you think you were alone among major carriers on not paying maximum commissions, particularly in the telephonic channel that is kind of at the epicenter of all the recent discussion? And also with better hindsight with a little more passage of time, how big of a role did this particular variable ultimately play in the somewhat disappointing AEP? And then just remind us on your commission strategy around that going forward from here, just to kind of round out this part of the conversation. Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Let me start here. I think, first, just to remind the investors are actually we will be close on our sales this year. So it was more of a retention issue as opposed to sales issues. So I just want to put that in some context as we think about commissions. We, today, pay the market value, the maximum commission on the sale itself according to the regulations that are out there. There are a number of other dollars that are invested in the external channel, the telephonic channel. That includes marketing, includes some additional incentives that are more oriented to the company as opposed to the salesperson itself. How the company distributes those and does that, we really dont get into  involved in that. So when we talk about commissions in total, we talk about theres different levels that are invested with the partner. We have been more reserved in where we spend those dollars just because we also find there are more effective ways to do that in other channels over the past number of years. And when you look at our sales success even this year, you see that the commission side is an area there. But it does motivate churn in the marketplace. Thats really what we are communicating to. And that does hurt us this year. And I would say so as others sort of ramped up the payments, it did hurt us on the churn side as opposed to the sales side. Going forward, I dont think were going to provide that kind of detail today. Obviously, its early, but its also a competitive market out there. And we want to make sure when we do something that it is done more proprietary in the way we approach it.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back to Bruce Broussard for closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, and thank you for your continued interest in the company and investing the time today. I hope our comments were put that Humana is in a great position. I think we will continue to lead the industry both in the ability to drive membership growth, and at the same time, improve the health outcomes for the people we serve. And obviously, I want to thank our 90,000 associates and teammates that make this happen every day because without their work, we would not be as successful as we are. So thank you. And again, thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Incorporated Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Lisa Stoner, Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Lisa Stoner: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2021 results and our updated financial outlook for 2021. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public, and media to. Listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts.  This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  In our Third Quarter 2021 earnings press release, as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note in particular that forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in line of these additional uncertainties and risks along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings, we undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements and future filings or communications regarding our business or results.  Today's press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations website. All participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Lisa. And good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.83 for the third quarter of 2021, slightly above consensus estimates. Our year-to-date results reflect the strength of our core operations. As we continue to see strong underlying fundamentals across all lines of business, and have remained focused on ensuring our members received the right care at the right time despite the continued disruption caused by the pandemic. While our underlying fundamentals are strong, 2021 financial results have been impacted by the ongoing pandemic, which has resulted in an adjustment to our full-year adjusted EPS guidance.  As detailed in our earnings press release, we have updated our guidance to approximately $20.50 from our previous guidance of 2125 to 2175. As Susan will share in more detail, this reduction of approximately $1 and adjusted EPS as a direct result of COVID and corresponds to our current expectation that the total Medicare Advantage utilization, inclusive of COVID costs or run 1% below baseline in the fourth quarter, which is 150 basis points less than our previous assumption of 2.5% below baseline.  This update reflects a more conservative posture going into the final months of the year and notably, 2,150 remains the baseline of which to grow for 2022. As a reminder, prior to this guidance update, we had not recognized a COVID headwind in our 21 [Indiscernible] guidance as many of our peers did. Our adjusted EPS guidance has been above our long-term growth target as the [Indiscernible] point throughout the year, at 16% growth. This update results in an expected adjusted EPS growth at the lower end of our long-term range and importantly, is not reflective of any concerns with our core operations.  I will now turn to our operational and strategic update. Our Medicare Advantage, individual above market growth in 2021 of 11% can be in part attributed to our industry-leading quality and consumer satisfaction scores. We are pleased to be recognized by CMS for having 97% of our members in 4-star or higher rated contracts for 2022. We also increased the number of contracts that received a 5-star rating from 1 contract in 2021 to 4 contracts in 2022, the most in our history. [Indiscernible] make adjustments to --
Operator: Excuse me, participants. This is the Operator; the conference will begin momentarily. Please stay on hold until the conference begins.
Bruce Broussard: Well, welcome back. When we started, sorry for the technical glitch there. Let me maybe just go back to our guidance update here and re-ensure that the investors understand the guidance and in addition, how it reflects in the -- as we looked at the future year. First, the guidance reflects a much more conservative posture going into the final months of the year and notably, 2,150 remains the baseline of which to grow for 2022. As a reminder prior to the guidance update, we had not recognized the COVID headwind in our 2021 guidance as many of our peers did.  Our adjusted EPS guidance has been above our long-term growth target at the midpoint throughout the year at 16% growth. This update results an expected adjusted EPS growth at the lower end of our long-term range and as importantly, is -- does not reflect any concern with our core operations. I will now turn to our operational and strategic update. Our Medicare advantage individual above-market growth in 2021 of 11% can be in part attributed to our industry-leading quality and consumer satisfaction stores scores.  We are pleased to be recognized by CMS for having 97% of our members in four-star or higher contract for 2022, we also increased the number of contracts that received a five-star rating from 1 contract in 2021 to 4 contracts in 2022, the most in our history. And while CMS did make adjustments to the 2022-star ratings due to the possible impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, These adjustments had minimal impact on our ratings.  This further demonstrates our enterprise-wide focus on quality, clinical outcomes, and best-in-class customer service, which has been recognized from notable organizations such as Forester, JD Power, and USAA. Importantly, the stars bonus allows us to maintain a strong value proposition for our members and provided value plus supplemental benefits that address social determinants of health and other barriers not addressed by fee-for-service Medicare. Looking ahead to 2022, we are pleased to be able to provide stable or enhanced benefits for the majority of our Medicare Advantage members, offering plans that support members whole health needs, while continuing to deliver the human care, our members have come to expect from us. Our strong clinical and quality programs drive improved clinical outcomes and cost savings that allow our Medicare Advantage plans to continue to expand member benefits on those covered by fee-for-service Medicare.  Our plans include highly valuable extra benefits, including dental, vision, hearing, an over-the-counter medication allowance, transportation support, fitness program memberships, and home delivered meals founding following an in-patient hospital stay. Over the last few years, we've made great progress in addressing social determinants of health and health equity by expanding our Medicare Advantage benefits. Examples of those impactful areas include, Respite Care, distributing 1.5 million meals during COVID, sending fans to seniors with COPD during a heat wave, and providing support for financial need, impacting a seniors health and well-being.  Giving the increasing demand for health equity across America, we have aggressively expanded our efforts to address it. We continue to advance our consumer segmentation efforts, developing plans that are tailored to the unique needs of specific member populations. This has allowed us to provide benefits that enhance and complement an individual's existing coverage through programs like Medicaid or entities such as Veterans Affairs. This approach leads to disproportionate growth. As you've seen in our D-SNP plans designed for dual eligible members, where we have grown our membership approximately 40% in both 2022 and 2021.  We've expanded our D-SNP offerings for 2022 to cover nearly 65% of the dual eligible population nationally. To reduce food and security, 97% of our members enrolled in our decent plans, and will have a healthy foods cart, which provides a monthly allowance to purchase approved food and beverages at various national chains. New for 2022, many of our D-SNP members will have reduced Part D drug co-pays as a result of the D-SNP prescription drug savings benefit, which will help address the financial barriers some members face when accessing needed prescriptions, leading to better medication adherence, an important driver of members health -- overall health outcomes.  As previously shared, we took a more conservative approach to our 2022 bids, recognizing the continued uncertainty associated with COVID-19 and potential impacts to premium and claims assumption, allowing us to prioritize long-term benefits stability for our members. While it is early in the selling season, we believe we struck the right balance and are competitively positioned for our continued growth in Medicare Advantage. Our brand promise to deliver human care resonates with seniors given our comprehensive set of offerings and focus on providing a patient - centric experience based on their specific needs.  Susan will provide more detailed 2022 commentary in our remarks, including high-level EPS and membership guidance. I now would like to highlight the continued progress of our strategy through the build-out of our healthcare service platform, starting with primary care business and then moving to our growing home solutions offerings. We have the largest senior-focused, value-based primary care organization in the country, which by year-end will include approximately 200 clinics serving 300 thousand patients across 24 markets in 9 states.  We are accelerating organic and inorganic growth nationally and plan to open a total of 30 DeNova senior-focused centers in 2022, up from 24 in 2021. This will include launching in 2 new major metropolitan areas, Dallas and Phoenix next year. This faster pace expansion comes as we continue to gain conviction in our DeNova's center model with panel growth in centers launched in '20 and 2021, exceeding plan. And clinical performance in our more mature markets continuing to improve. And our more mature centers, hospitalizations, and ER visits are down 12% year-to-date versus 2019 pre - COVID level.  With stars performance tracking to 4.5 stars. An NPS score of 90. We will also continue to expand through inorganic growth, completing seven acquisitions through the third quarter of this year, bringing 21 newly wholly-owned centers to our portfolio. We plan to continue this pace of acquisitions focused on the markets where we have established presence to provide more access and high-quality care to our patients. Turning to the home, we completed the acquisition of Kindred at Home in the third quarter, and now the largest home health and hospice organization in the nation.  As previously shared, we will be migrating Kindred at Home to Humana's payer agnostic health care service brand CenterWell. Our efforts to transform home-health to a value-based model come at a pivotal time for the industry, seniors increasingly choose Medicare Advantage, there is a meaningful opportunity for home health organizations to engage differently with patients in Medicare Advantage payers, to more holistically address patient needs and improve health outcomes, reduce the total cost of care for health plans, and share appropriately in this value creation.  We've made substantial progress towards our goal of scaling on maturing a risk-bearing, value-based model that manages the provision of home-health, durable medical equipment and home infusion services. With the acquisition of One Home earlier in 2021, a delegated post-acute management services organization for the home. We have the capabilities to be a value-based convener, providing risk-based contracting and referral management, and continue to develop technology enabling us to coordinate with other adjacent services.  These services include gap-in-care, closure, primary or emerging care in the home, as well as coordination of meals, transportation, and other services to positively support social determinants of health. We currently care for approximately 270,000 Humana members on your value-based home care models in South Florida and South East Texas, where we have seen improved outcomes, including emergency room usage, being a 100 basis points better than Humana's national average.  We now are focused on expanding to select markets in North Carolina and Virginia, which we've chosen based on multiple criteria, including market density, opportunity to significantly reduce homecare expense, and a robust Kindred at Home footprint. We expect to begin the roll out in the second quarter of 2022 with the goal of covering nearly 50% of Humana Medicare Advantage members, under this value-based home health model within the next 5 years. We are excited about the continued progress of our strategy in the home. But consistent with our home-health peers, we recognize that the national nursing labor shortage poses a significant risk to the industry.  And we are taking proactive steps to address it as part of our well-developed integration process with Kindred at Home. In some markets, the nursing shortages resulting in adequate capacity to meet demand negatively impacting our ability to grow the top line. We believe that Humana's Center Well brands supported by our patient - centric culture will bolster recruiting and retention efforts for nurses. We've seen increased nurse satisfaction and engagement in pilot markets, where we have deployed value-based concepts with voluntary and nursing turnover, improving nearly 10% among home health nurses in 2021.  In addition to [Indiscernible] sufficient capacity to meet our growth goals, we are implementing broader operational improvements and benefit enhancements, while also making targeted investments in capacity constrained areas to enhance nurse recruiting and retention. With respect to hospice, our intent remains to ultimately divest a majority interest in this portion of the asset. As our experience has demonstrated, we can deliver desired experiences and outcomes for patients transitioning from restorative care to hospice through partnership models.  Since we closed the transaction in August, we have continued to explore alternatives for the long-term ownership structure for the business, and have initiated steps to reorganize the hospice business for standalone operations, also ensuring business continuity and monitoring underlying trends. We do not have a further update on the specific transaction structure, or expected transaction timing, but we will provide additional updates as appropriate moving forward. Given the continued expansion of interest in our healthcare service platform, we are committed to providing additional disclosure to give further transparency into the performance of these businesses, beginning with our first quarter 2022 reporting.  Before closing, I want to touch on the current regulatory and legislative landscape. As you know, last week the White House and congressional leaders released their plan, known as Build Back Better, which includes several proposed changes to the Medicare program, including establishing a hearing benefits starting in calendar year 2024, which will be included in the Medicare Advantage benchmark. Given that today more than 40% of Medicare beneficiaries, over 27 million seniors, and those with disabilities are enrolled in Medicare Advantage, we were encouraged to see that the package did not include any payment reductions to the program.  As this legislation continues to advance and likely be modified, and as we look ahead to the annual CMS call letter and rate notice period, we will continue to work with policymakers and the Biden administration to further improve Medicare Advantage. Building on the programs, innovation, and significant progress in areas like value-based care, social determinants of health, affordability, and financial protection for beneficiaries, as well as reducing the total cost of care.  These attributes, along with the deep consumer popularity of Medicare Advantage, are what have enabled it to have a strong bipartisan support with hundreds of members of Congress on record supporting the program. As Medicare Advantage serving as a leading example of a successful private public partnership, I am optimistic we can continue to lead on important healthcare issues facing both individuals and society, including addressing health and equities and proving held outcomes, and expanding value-based care. With that, I will turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond : Thank you, Bruce. And good morning, everyone. Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $4.83 for the third quarter and updated full-year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $20.50 to reflect a net unmitigated COVID headwind resulting from our current view of utilization levels for the balance of the year. Before beginning, I would point you to Page 4 of our earnings press release for details of our previous assumptions for Medicare Advantage utilization in the second half of the year, actual third quarter utilization results, as well as current projections for the fourth quarter.  I will now walk you through this details, starting with a reminder of our previous commentary. And to our second quarter call, full-year guidance has seen non-COVID Medicare Advantage utilization was run 2.5% below baseline in the second half of the year, with a further assumption of minimal COVID testing and treatment costs for the same period. In September 2021 as a result of the surgeon COVID cases due to the Delta variant, we updated our commentary on full-year guidance to indicate we expected non COVID Medicare Advantage utilization to be 5.5% below baseline in the back half of the year, while being partially [Indiscernible] by 3% of COVID costs.  Therefore, again assuming total utilization would be 2.5% below baseline in the back half of 2021. What we've seen develop for the third quarter is that total utilization is running 1% below baseline versus the previously anticipated 2.5%. COVID costs have been higher than initially anticipated as the Delta variant resulted in hospitalization levels on par with what we experienced in January of 2021, and we're overwhelmingly driven by the 20% of our Medicare Advantage members believed to be unvaccinated. These higher-than-expected COVID costs were fully offset by the press non - COVID utilization in the quarter.  As COVID hospitalizations increased or decreased, we continue to see an approximate one-to-one offset and non-covalent hospitalization levels. We also continue to see significantly reduced non-inpatient utilization when surges occur, offsetting the higher average cost of a COVID admission. However, for the third quarter, in total, we saw 1% incremental reduction and utilization beyond the level needed to offset COVID costs versus a 2.5% contemplated in our previous guide. As a result, we have adjusted our full-year guide to now reflect the fourth quarter running similarly with total Medicare Advantage utilization running 1% below baseline, inclusive of estimated COVID costs, consistent with what we experienced in the third quarter.  We realized higher than expected positive current period claims development and Medicare advantage in the third quarter, as well as other operating outperformance, largely mitigating the lower than anticipated depressed Medicare Advantage utilization, allowing us to report results that were slightly favorable to the street estimates. Our revised guidance does not assume that the higher levels of favorable current period development seen in the third quarter will continue. Taken together, our updated full-year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance takes a more conservative posture going into the final months of 2021.  And it's important to note, as we consistently shared throughout the year the midpoint of our original guidance range of $21.50 remains the correct baseline for 2022, given our approach to pricing. I will now briefly touch on operating results across our segments before sharing early thoughts on 2022 performance. Our Medicare Advantage growth remains on track and consistent with previous expectations. We have refined our full year individual Medicare Advantage membership guidance to up approximately 450,000 members consistent with the midpoint of our previous guidance of up 425,000 to 475,000 members.  This outlook represents above-market growth with an increase of 11.4% year-over-year. Our Medicaid results continued to exceed initial expectations due to higher than anticipated membership increases, largely attributable to the extension of the public health emergency. We now expect to add 125,000 to 150,000 Medicaid members in 2021 up from our previous expectation above 100,000 to 125,000 members. Utilization trends continue to be favorable to initial expectations and the Medicaid team is working diligently toward a successful implementation in Ohio with go-live anticipated in July.  In our Group and Specialty segment, fully insured medical results were impacted by higher-than-expected COVID costs in the quarter, while our Specialty business results continued to exceed expectations as utilization, particularly for dental services remain lower than previously anticipated. Recall that our guidance as of the second quarter did not contemplate significant COVID costs in the back half of the year.  And the commercial business is not seeing the same level of utilization offset experienced in Medicare Advantage. From a membership perspective, we have increased our expected group medical membership losses from 100,000 to 125,000, reflecting the expectation of additional losses in the fourth quarter and the result of rating actions taken to account for the expected impact of COVID in 2022.  Finally, within our Healthcare Services Operations, the pharmacy and provider businesses continue to perform slightly better than expected, with pharmacy benefiting from increased mail order penetration as a result of customer experience improvements and marketing campaigns. And the provider business seeing continued operating improvements in our more mature centers, which are now aligned under the same leadership in our DeNova centers. As Bruce mentioned in his remarks, we are actively integrating the Kindred at Home operations and results post integration have largely been in line with expectations.  Similar to home health and hospice peers, the business is being impacted by COVID and labor shortages. For the third quarter, home health admissions grew low single-digits year-over-year, while hospice experienced a low single-digit decline year-over-year. We will continue to closely monitor trends as we make targeted investments to sustainably improve the recruitment and retention of nurses. Now let me take a few moments to share an early outlook for 2022, starting with membership. As you're aware, the overall PDT market continues to decline as more and more beneficiaries, including dual eligible to Medicare Advantage.  In addition, as we have discussed previously, PDT plans to become a commodity, with the low-price leader capturing disproportionate growth. Consistent with 2021, the Walmart value plan will offer competitive benefits that will not be the low premium leader in 2022.As a result, we expect a net decline in PDT memberships of a few, 100,000 members in 2022, we continue to focus on creating enterprise value for our PDT plans by driving increased mail-order penetration and conversions to Medicare Advantage. With respect to Group Medicare Advantage, we expect membership to be generally flat for 2022 as we do not anticipate any large accounts will be gained or lost as we continue to maintain pricing discipline in a highly competitive market.  Moving to individual Medicare Advantage as previously shared, we took a more conservative approach to our 2022 bids, reflecting the continued uncertainty associated with the pandemic. We expect to grow our individual Medicare Advantage membership in a range of 325,000 to 375,000 members in 2022 or approximately 8% year-over-year. Reflective of our prudent approach, we took the pricing for 2022 and a competitive nature of the market. It is early in the AEP selling season and the outlook we're providing today could change depending on how sales and voluntary dis-enrollment ultimately come in. And consistent with prior years, we have very little member dis-enrollment data at this point in the AEP cycle.  I will now turn to our expected 2022 financial performance. As previously mentioned, I want to reiterate that the $21.50 midpoint of our original 2021 guidance continues to be the appropriate jumping off-point for 2022 adjusted EPS growth, given our approach to pricing. In addition, we feel comfortable that the risk adjustment assumptions in our 2022 pricing are appropriate, as providers have been actively engaging with our members to ensure their conditions are fully documented and that care plans are established to address [Indiscernible] and care.  Provider interactions and documentation of clinical diagnoses that we anticipate will impact 2022 revenue are approximately 92% complete to-date in line with both our expectations for 2021, as well as the estimated completion rate for the same time period in 2019. We also assumed it's medical costs would return to baseline levels reflective of pre - COVID historical trending. From an earnings perspective, we believe the conservative approach we took in 2022 pricing strip the appropriate balance between membership and earnings growth.  Given the ongoing uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect to enter the year with an appropriately conservative view of our initial 2022 financial outlook. Accordingly, we anticipate that our initial EPS guidance will target the low end of our long-term growth range of 11% to 15%. We expect that COVID will be neutral to the Medicare business in 2022, as we do not anticipate a risk-adjustment headwinds and expect COVID utilization to be offset by reduction in non - COVID utilization.  However, our initial guide will allow for an explicit COVID -related headwind that we can tolerate should it emerge similar to the approach some of our peers took in 2021. We believe entering the year with this more conservative approach is prudent in the current environment and sets the Company up for success in 2022. We look forward to providing more specific guidance on our first -- fourth quarter earnings call in early February. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. And again, participants, [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck : Alright, great. Thank you. I appreciate all the color on the 2022 guidance, I think a lot of people are just wondering. The Company had a hard time forecasting where costs are going to be on the upcoming quarter for the last few quarters, obviously, to some degree understandable during the pandemic. But just wanted to see how you felt about your visibility into costs and how good of a handle you feel like that cost trend as you develop your pricing for next year has come in. How do you think about that visibility into the costs as you thought about next year.
Susan Diamond : Sure, Kevin. I'm happy to take that one. To your point, estimating the impact of COVID has proven to be more challenging, particularly given the environment that we were in 2020 is quite different than what we're experiencing obviously in 2021. In 2020, no one was vaccinated, various taste of lockdowns throughout the year, and as we acknowledged in our Q2 call, anticipating how behavior might emerge in an environment where largely people were back to normal and a large percentage of our Medicare population are vaccinated, it is recognized that it was difficult to anticipate whether we see the same level of offset through the surge.  The good news is, as we saw the surge emerge in the third quarter despite it being just as high as what we experienced the last time, we did continue to see a full offset. The hospitalization offsets have been pretty consistent throughout 2020 and 2021, is on the non-inpatient side where we tend to see more variation. And as we explained in the second quarter, that claims service category is one where we don't have the same level of near-term visibility.  Having said that, we've studied all of historical patterns based on what we saw in the third quarter and our estimates of the continued decline in the COVID curve in the fourth quarter, we feel very comfortable with the assumptions underlying our revised guide and feel like we have sufficient visibility to feel confident we can deliver against that. Your question about 2022 is a good one as we've explained in all of our calls, given this late surge in 2021, getting visibility to where baseline trend is actually running, obviously, will be more challenging.  However, given how we approach the pricing for 2022, meaning that we've started with pre - COVID historical levels and assumed historical trending factors, not anticipating any ongoing depressed utilization into 2022, we feel confident that that's an appropriate baseline expectation. So, we'll continue to watch it. And certainly. if we see something different emerge, if any of the depression continues, that would be positive for us, but we are not contemplating it. Which is what gives us confidence about our approach to 2022.
Kevin Fischbeck : Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matthew Borsch : Yeah, so I was just hoping that you could maybe comment on the competition in Medicare Advantage. I know you said it's competitive but, just relatively speaking, we've seen geographic expansions by really almost all of the major public companies over the last few years and a number of new entrants and yet it doesn't seem like it's had a noticeable impact in profit margins. I guess I'm just wondering how you see the dynamic, is the greater availability of products actually, in essence, expanding the Medicare advantage market more than it's necessarily leading to competition that would push down margins? Thank you.
Bruce Broussard : Yeah Matt, think I'll take that. The -- what we see as a few things, I mean, first we do see more and more intensity in the local markets. And similar to -- in the past, we see some players being more aggressive to try to gain market share while others are a little more aligned with the pricing that -- and a little more stability in the market quest. So, we do see a bell curve in just how people are approaching it as their strategic plan is pushing them to make those decisions.  We are seeing more awareness in the marketplace as a result of the amount of education that's going on through marketing and through the sales efforts that are going on. And I think that is a positive for the industry because it really brings a live all the benefits that members receive. It creates more competitive major for that for those members, but it does create, I think more growth industry-wide.  For us, as an organization, we were one of the early adopters of the telemarket market in the tail of sales ever area and we have benefited from that, I think in multiple different ways, benefited from it in the way of both our market growth, and in addition, our ability to reach a population that we haven't been able to reach in the past, so I do think it's a benefit for us. But to answer your question, more competitive in the local market, more awareness as in the industry, that is a good thing in the industry, and I could I feel that we have been a beneficiary of that.
Susan Diamond : One thing I would add to that is well, and our focus on increase mentioned any comments or consumer segmentation efforts by designing products that more specifically addressing consumer needs, you've seen in our duals offerings as well as our veteran offerings that we can direct it proportionate growth. If you think that's a differentiator, something you'll see us continue to focus on.
Matthew Borsch : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Stephen Baxter : Yeah. Hi, thanks for the question. Was hoping to come back to the commentary on assuming baseline utilization in 2022. Just to clarify, it seems pretty clear that there will be some level of ongoing COVID costs into 2022, so does that mean you're continuing to assume non-COVID costs will be below baseline in 2022? And then just any color or context you can provide on the magnitude of this EPS hedge that you're talking about in relation to baseline would be appreciated. Thanks.
Susan Diamond : Sure. Great question. Just to be clear, what we -- right now, all of our experience we would expect that to the degree we experienced additional COVID costs in 2022 that we would see an offsetting depression and non-COVID utilization, but the net of that would be neutral. We're not expecting net favorability like we've seen this year. That 1% we're projecting for the fourth quarter, consistent with these on the other quarter. So, what we would say is we are expecting the -- if the off-COVID costs would be offset and that we would still be at baseline.  But as I mentioned in my comments, what we intend to do with our initial guide though, is despite the belief that that's a reasonable assumption, we will allow for unexplicit that net COVID headwind shouldn't emerge such that it is then we would run actually above baseline levels, should that emerge, then our guide will contemplate and allow for some of that, if it should emerge. And while not giving a specific amount obviously today, when we do give a specific guidance on our fourth quarter call, we will be explicit about how much of a COVID headwind we can tolerate within the guide. So, we will be explicit about that at that time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser : Yeah, Hi. Good morning. So, one follow-up and then longer-term question. Just to understand, Susan, if we think about 80% of your MA members are vaccinated based on your estimate, I just feel like its trying to reconcile what you're saying versus what some of your peers are saying. What do you think happened that drove COVID hospitalization to the levels experienced back in January, was that sort of a specific geography or anything else that you can explain it? And then the longer-term question is really around sort of virtual. Many of your peers launch ed a virtual first offering on the commercial side for 2022. Do you see room for some virtual first type offering in the Medicare population, especially when you consider the Kindred capabilities?
Susan Diamond : Okay, great. So, to take your question, so with respect to the high COVID levels and you're right and honestly, this was something that was a bit surprising to us as well, and we did see levels on par with what we experienced in the last surge despite the high vaccination rates. And what we learned, and to your point, some of that was a reflection of our geographic mix. States like Florida, and Texas, and Louisiana did see higher levels than even the previous surge. It represents a new all-time high and we have disproportionate share there.  So that was part of it. But the main driver is that if we look at the hospitalization rate between vaccinated and unvaccinated, the unvaccinated fairly consistently saw hospitalization rate that was 10 or more times the vaccinated population. And so that again, as I mentioned in my comments, was the overwhelming driver. And because of the spread of the Delta variant, through that unvaccinated population, and that much higher hospitalization rate, that is what drove the levels on par with what we saw historically.  To your second question about Virtual-first and Medicare, we were pleased with the COVID [Indiscernible] and I could see that primary care providers and specialists really did take -- adopt telemedicine at a higher rate to ensure that they could continue to support their patients and their permitted needs. I think as a result of that, frankly providers gained a better appreciation of the range of care and the quality of care that they can provide through virtual, which frankly pre -pandemic they really been appreciate we're adopting.  So, I think we will see some continued use of virtual technology to enhance the operating model and allow for more touch points with their patients than we do pre -pandemic. Your question about home health is definitely a good one and something we are looking at, particularly with the challenges we have in terms of nursing labor shortages.  Virtual is one strategy we're looking at to see how it can be leveraged so we can create more touch points with the patient and improve the efficiency of the operating model to just create more overall capacity. And so, we'll be testing with Kindred appropriate uses of that, and where we can implement it and still see the high-quality outcomes that we would expect. So, we'll be testing that and I hope would be that you will see expansion of that in the future.
Bruce Broussard : Just a few other comments to that. We did a launch a few years ago our virtual first with Doctor On Demand product and that was a success for us on the commercial side. But on the Medicare side, what we do find is that there's a great opportunity to see the patient both to understand the patient in a physical setting.  And unlike more episodic of care versus a chronic care management, that there's a good come -- there is an importance of being able to have a physical and encouraging a physical interaction. We see the telehealth as being an opportunity to have a complementary and more interaction. But I don't know if it would be a replacement for or we would want to motivate highway chronic members to have a virtual first interaction for a whole host of reasons, both from a care point-of-view and from the ability for us to establish the proper care plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin from Nephron Research LLC. Your line is now open.
Joshua Raskin : Thank you, guys. Good morning. Wanted to ask about the shorter short-term. So just the assumption that non - COVID utilization will be down in 4Q. I'm just curious, are you seeing script trends, pure authorizations, or anything that would indicate that level of decline, just in light of what seems to be an abatement in COVID cases currently, and then specifically, are you seeing any different trends with members that are in your centers, or with other value-based providers, are the underlying trends underneath that capitation any different?
Operator: Excuse me, participants this is -- I'm the Operator. I'll just turn the music on for the speakers, one moment.
Bruce Broussard : Go out there and dial [Indiscernible]
Susan Diamond : Hi, Josh. Are you there?
Joshua Raskin : Yeah. Can you guys hear me okay?
Susan Diamond : We can begin airing.
Bruce Broussard : Your question must've been so insightful that it just dropped off the line.
Joshua Raskin : I thought I was so scary that you ran for it. So, I'll ask my question again, sorry. Just in the very, very short-term. My question is, why are you assuming that non-field utilization will be down as much as 4% in the fourth quarter, especially in light of what we're seeing in terms of the big reduction in COVID costs and COVID director of the cases in the fourth quarter?  And is there a script trends, is there pre -authorizations, is there something that would indicate that level of decline that you're seeing today? And then long or sort of adjacent to that, are you seeing different trends with members that are in your centers or even with other value-based providers, the underlying trends underneath the capitation?
Susan Diamond : Your questions. So, we'll just take it a fourth-quarter. As we said before, we have really analyzed all the prior surgeons to understand the patterns coming out of a surge. And you might recall from our previous commentary what you typically see is a tale of depressed utilization. Anytime you come of a curve, which is what allows you to fully recapture the cost of that COVID fee. And so, we've -- with this started to take, I was kind of interesting is different states, as I mentioned before have seen different levels of utilization relative to previous surges.  Texas, Florida were examples where we saw very high peak and a very rapid decline. There are some other states, like New York and Michigan, where we're actually seeing a much more moderate and sort of gradual increase without further seeing the same sharp peak in decline. So, as we've seen that in total, that on a national basis, what we're seeing in this slow of the downturn from coming off of the peak isn't quite as sharp as what we've seen historically. We've drilled into each of those states and are consistently seeing -- irrespective of that difference in peak level we're still seeing that one-to-one offset regardless.  And so, to some degree, we think there's just an overall capacity constraint, particularly on the inpatient side as they come into play and the rest is just that behavior change in terms of providers and patients as they manage through it. So, based on what we've seen emerge and predicting the third quarter with that 1% offset, everything we've seen suggests that assuming the same level of offset as we continue to come off that third quarter peak is reasonable. To your point about early indicators.  We do -- as we've said before, having really good real-time information on inpatient activity that continues to hold whereas the COVID utilization comes down, we'll see a bounce back on a one-to-one offset in the non-COVID hospitalization. That has been very consistent. And we'll continue to watch the non-inpatient, but again, based on everything we've seen, we believe that is a reasonable assumption.  In terms of your question about buy-in [Indiscernible] providers. Interestingly enough, most of our -- both our own centers and some MLR high-performing partners, they have indicated that they are not seeing the same sort of neutrality-oriented benefit from a COVID event that we do. And the theory there is that in general, they manage the unnecessary hospitalization events as lower value is out of the system more routinely.  And so, when you do see a surge, there's not as much utilization to manage -- to be depressed because they've already managed it out on a more run rate basis. And so, we're still frankly trying to assess and use some analytics on that. I think they may take a little bit more time for their claims to fully develop and have a full view of that. But their belief is that they don't see the same level of net benefit that we do on the health plan side, generally.
Joshua Raskin : They see COVID costs, but not be offset, you're saying?
Susan Diamond : Correct. Now, on the flip side of that, though they tend to do better on a revenue basis than our non-risk spare than they were much better about making sure they got their patients in 2020, got their conditions document. It's on the revenue side, say they would make some of that up. But on the utilization side, the typical way you are saying they're not seeing a benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo of UBS. Your line is now open.
Kevin Caliendo : Thanks, and thanks for taking my call. In thinking about 2022, appreciate all the color, but I just wanted to know if there is any other sort of one-time things we should be thinking about, any other headwinds or tailwinds. Whether it comes to investments or benefits that you might be making that could impact the EPS growth for the year.
Susan Diamond : So, I would say, obviously as we mentioned, COVID is the main one that we continue to evaluate. We've been clear that based on history, we think it would be an offset, but we will take a more conservative initial approach and allow for a headwind, should it emerge. And that really is reflective of the fact that, again, the environment continues to shift the level of vaccination, and we will continue to increase.  But now there's the introduction of the need for boosters and so will people be as compliant with boosters as they were in the initial vaccine? [Indiscernible] to variance and all of those things we'll continue to monitor. As well as the ability for people to have re-infection breakthrough cases. So that's the main one. I would say, obviously with what comes out of the administrative priorities, certainly the tax -- taxes are more than we continue to watch and obviously investment, that something that we'll have to watch if there's any 22 impact.  But otherwise, as we said before and Andrew sent in his remarks, we continue to support our Primary Care business. We certainly will continue to look for capital efficient ways to support that business. I would say we aren't expecting anything in 2022 that we can withstand within our guide, so obviously right now there's nothing that I would point to. This [Indiscernible] concern that we have and gives us any concern that we can't manage through in our -- wherever we go out with in terms of our initial guidance.
Kevin Caliendo : Can I just maybe follow-up, is the guidance inclusive or exclusive of the incremental headwind that you're discussing here. Meaning like, is this sort of low-end or 11% net of the headwinds or not? I'm a little confused on how I should think about that.
Susan Diamond : Yes. With what we go out in our initial guide, it will explicitly contemplate a net headwind, should it emerge, that no net impact then beyond our guide, so it is inclusive of that. So, if it does not emerge, then you would see that conservative and release throughout the year, but it will contemplate a potential headwind within the guidance.
Kevin Caliendo : Got it. That's really helpful, thanks so much.
Susan Diamond : You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Scott Fidel : Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to ask another question just on the Medicare Advantage annual enrollment period and I know you already talked about the competitive dynamics. Just interested in terms of what you're seeing on the consumer behaviors side, and in particular, just whether you're seeing any types of shifts and distribution channels in terms of where more of the sales are occurring or not.  I just thinking about, obviously, 2021 was unusual a year for the AEP as it was playing out amidst COVID. So interesting whether -- it should whether you're seeing more of continuation of that 2021 type dynamic, in terms of consumer-buying practices or whether we're seeing more of a blended, post-pandemic and pre -pandemic dynamic more for 2022? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard : Yeah, and Scott, thanks for the question. We are continuing to see an increasing use of the telephonic channel external -- our external partners. And as Matt had asked about, just on the competitive side, their marketing and their aggressiveness in the marketing, I think is bringing more individuals to that channel, as I mentioned also, it's also we feel, is a benefit for the industry because the industry is getting significant awareness and education from that. But we're seeing as a continuation of that trend, even pre 2021 AEP. It was also happening in the 2020 AEP.
Susan Diamond : Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe : Thanks. Morning. Sorry to come back to this, but I guess what does the 2,150 baseline incorporate at this time? Is it what you would've earned with normal utilization and no COVID in it? Is it some level of COVID but lower than normal core? I guess, I'm really just trying to understand what the 2,150 represents. Thanks.
Susan Diamond : Yeah, so the 2150 is your [Indiscernible] and midpoint of our original guide. And if you remember the way we approached earnings for that was a bit different than many of our peers in the sense that we did not contemplate a net COVID headwind. And so that initial guide and the midpoint was actually above our more typical long-term growth range, recognizing some of the tailwinds that supported our pricing in -- towards 2021.  So, by reaffirming that is the appropriate baseline, really just reinforces that the way we approached our 2022 pricing, acknowledged that despite -- however the results emerged in 2021 that our revenue instances would have seen that Medicare risk-adjustment return to more normalized levels for 2022, and that claims also returned to more normalized levels as if COVID, cannot occur.  And so again, for claims we started with pre -pandemic levels in 2019 and using historical trend factors trended that forward. And so that's why we continue to reinforce, given that approach, 2,150 is the appropriate jumping off point, from which we would grow and expect to be in our long-term range than in 2022. Recognizing, however, from an initial guide perspective, we do intend to take a more conservative approach to ensure we're set up for success and target the lower end of that range.
Ralph Giacobbe : Okay. All right, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake : Thanks. First had a quick numbers question. We're going to next year; Medicare Advantage yields probably be in the high single digits in the individual business. Just given the strong rates in the bounce back and risk scores offset, I guess, by a bit of sequestration. Is that a reasonable number? And then Bruce, can you tell us how to think about where you think the growth opportunity is within your positioning management kind of center business. I know you said you're adding 30. I know also that your [Indiscernible] the oil is up in the end of 2022 and you have to think about how to finance those again going forward, so how many do you think you could add post 2022. And how do you think you've financed these things going forward, post that [Indiscernible] and [Indiscernible] expiry. Thanks.
Susan Diamond : Sure. So, I think the first one [Indiscernible] and then Bruce can take the second. So, we obviously haven't given specific detailed guidance points for 2020 yet, so I can't comment specifically. But certainly, as you think about the premium yield in 2022, there are some tailwinds, as you mentioned, there's the favorable rate notice, as well as the events and the expectation that risk-adjusted return to more normal level than the typical dynamics fringes member growth. So, to your point, they should produce tailwinds, but at this point we haven't given specific guidance obviously on premium.
Bruce Broussard : And the primary care out of the two questions on the gross side. I think first -- obviously adding the number of organic units in the earlier years creates a drag as they mature. And we're seeing some great maturations in the cohorts that have been opened a year or 2, of both in a memberships side from a point of view on revenue, in addition on the cost side, so we feel very confident that's one of the reasons why we increase the number of cohorts this year as a result of our confidence and conviction in the business outcome.  While we see over longer periods of time as we call it the J-curve will start to become into profitability of the ones that we open in the earlier years. And that will start to give us growth, so if you were to shut off the development, or actually we see a pretty quick growth rate within the existing business. We are extending that by two other opportunities for growth. One is the existing operations of the businesses that had been open for a while and mature centers and we're seeing some really great same-store growth in that area and they have done a great turnaround over the last few years and being able to improve that.  And although it doesn't show up in the profitability because the J-curve override did a lot. We are seeing some really great improvement there with operationally and that also from a quality and experience point-of-view. And then the third area of growth for us as an organization is really in the NRC Kanik area. As many of you know, we do have a relationships with a number of providers, especially in our more mature markets, that we have the right of first refusal, and then offers us an advantage and being able to continue to densify markets that we're in and add additional sites.  And we did that in 2021, and we anticipate doing that in 2022. And those are very synergistic inorganic opportunities from the standpoint that we're able to evolve, the management of it into our existing management team. We are able to in addition, bring some of our operating capabilities to those centers. So really three that continue of advancement of our J-curve and what we see there. The more mature centers continuing to improve that. And then the third, the inorganic growth and being able to leverage in some of the markets we have.  I think over a period of time, you're going to see over a 5 to 7 period of time, I think you're going to see a fairly sizable business come out of this as a result of the investments we're making today on both in the organic and inorganic area. Really, today is the leading size clinic or clinics oriented to seeing your business. I think we'll continue to maintain that leadership long term.  And relative to financing, we don't have a -- we haven't come to structure yet. And Justin, I think that will be an active conversation with the investors in probably the second quarter of 2022. We will come back to the investors and discuss how we will finance another cohort or number of clinics for the foreseeable future.  We today have enough of the capital to invest from our off-balance sheet financing on [Indiscernible] to get us through to the 2022 openings. And so, we -- this doesn't cause any slowdown to our openings, but we do and are looking at all the different alternatives for financing and the most cost-effective for our shareholders as we think about the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Steven Valiquette : Great. Thanks. Good morning. Lot of questions already on Medicare Advantage. Just to maybe throw another one out there, curious to hear more about the pace of your county expansion. And obviously you already have -- you're in more counties than anybody else already. Even some of your larger peers seem to be growing their County footprint by double-digits for '22, I think you guys are somewhere around mid-single digits based on weak calculated, but just curious your more about your thoughts of pace of county expansion for next year, maybe just in general hear your strategy and thoughts around that.
Susan Diamond : Sure. As you mentioned Humana really was ahead of many of our peers in terms of the rate of expansion, we had a number of years ago, and so we see from an accounting perspective, the same level of growth for us, as you might see for supports [Indiscernible]. Particularly, there's focus on Medicare Advantage annualized several years.  What you'll typically instead see from us is product expansion within our existing geographies. That could be additional -- couple of years ago, when we really focused on our $0 premium LPPO product as an example. You see a continued to expand our dual-eligible SNP footprint and you will see county expansion there in 2022 as well as our veteran offering, both individuals innovator and as we said before, are great examples of where we focused on product and consumer segmentation and designing products that uniquely meet the needs of those consumers.  And when we do that well, it's an opportunity for disproportionate growth. So, we'll continue to evaluate opportunities to do that. But again, I think you'll see more product expansion from Humana versus county exchange. And just because to your point, we've already got pretty broad coverage with some products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of AJ Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
A.J. Rice : Thanks. Hi everybody. Two more, one on perspective and one more on just clarifying what you're saying about 2022. Again, I'm trying to understand, is it fair to say that the MA bids were due early in the summer?
A.J. Rice : Obviously, from your perspective, at least the way it's coming across us, there's been a lot of developments from the back half of 2021 that maybe were different than what you would have said when bid would do. Is the right way to interpret what you're saying today is that you were so conservative when you constructed those bids, that even though the second half is turned out worse, you are still comfortable with the outlook?  Is that the way to interpret what you're saying and then would you give us something on that Kindred? I had assumed, I think, that was going to be an incremental tailwind for next year. Obviously, home health business seems to have deteriorated a bit. Is that still a tailwind in your mind for next year and any way to size how much that might help you?
Susan Diamond : Sure, I'm going to take that. So, for your first question on 2022, we're called that in 2021, when we came out with our second quarter commentary, we acknowledged that we had a net COVID headwind that had emerged that had emerged. And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we did not contemplate that explicitly in our original guidance for 2021. So, as we found that emerge, as we explained in the second quarter, we were able to mitigate a fair amount of that through other business outperformance since they roll prior period development and other items.  But in order to achieve our guide, it did require that base -- utilization continued to run below baseline throughout the year. That is not what we're considering in our 2022 pricing. We assumed that we'd bounced back. And so, it's really just a reflection -- the challenges in 2021 are just acknowledging that while we are seeing net utilization below baseline levels, is running less than we had previously anticipated or needed in order to achieve the guide and overcome that net COVID headwind that we discussed at the second quarter.  Again, given the way we approach 22 pricing, well, our pricing didn't explicitly contemplate COVID costs beyond just through vaccination and testing. As we've consistently said, we did take a more overall conservative approach to pricing, recognizing there will be uncertainty that we would need to be want to navigate through. And also recognizing that it wasn't favorable rate environment.  We had the Emeril headwinds you wanted to make sure that we can maintain long-term benefits stability for our members, and contemplated or maybe a less favorable rate environment in 2023. So again, those are all the reasons that we approached pricing the way we did, and the reason we continue to have confidence because we did not anticipate any ongoing net benefit as a respects to press utilization into 2022.  On Kindred, and we've had this question a couple of times. I think we've addressed it both in the second quarter call and again, maybe in Morgan Stanley, is that we -- that was one of the items that helped us address the net COVID headwind in 2021, the contribution from the full integration. We knew at the time of bids that we would be integrating Kindred, so that was something we were off to consider as we aligned around our targets and our good pricing for 2022.  We've always said that capital deployment is one of the leverage we have available and we'll use to sustainably deliver our long-term growth target of 11% to 15%, so that was something we specifically contemplated in pricing, so it wouldn't represent an incremental tailwind for 2022, but certainly expect -- the value that we expect to create from that value-based model and the continued growth of Kindred will certainly continue to contribute in the future to our sustainable ability to deliver against our long term target.
A.J. Rice : Okay. Thanks a lot.
Lisa Stoner : Thanks, AJ. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill : Susan, I just want to go back to your comment around PDP shift to MA. Can you talk about your ability to retain any of those members and bring them over to MA? I think you talked about losing a couple of 100,000 lives. And then secondly, I know it's still fluid of what's going on down in DC around transparency and direct negotiation on the drug pricing side. But just curious if that will have any impact or you anticipate any impact around your PBM business?
Susan Diamond : Surely. I think the first one, since PDP M&A, so that is something that we have been focused on for many years. And what we see is we actively work to you. Educate our key team members [Indiscernible] in Medicare advantage. In recent years as we've expanded our dual eligible SIP offerings that increase our ability to drive those conversions because of a large percentage of our peaking members are low-income dual eligible members.  And so, what we consistently see is that we will be able to generate a disproportion of share of our PDT members who ultimately choose Medicare Advantage. And so, we will disproportionately capture share within a Humana plan relative to what you would see our share capture and just overall Medicare Advantage. so really pleased with that. And having said that and some of our members do choose other competitor MA plans and so we continue to focus on identifying if there are opportunities to enhance the product, you attract more CDC members who ultimately are likely to migrate to MA?  Are there things we can do to enhance the marketing, product segmentation, all of those things we've talked about to continue to drive increased share capture for those PDT members who ultimately determine that MA provides a better value proposition for them? On your second question around some of the regions effective come out. We certainly are watching it closely. We've really represents a framework at this point. We will have to see some of the details texted ultimately comes through. And with the final proposals are and certainly -- certainly supportive of anything. As we done to reduce the cost of prescription drugs for our members. And something we certainly contemplate and take into consideration in our pricing each year. But I think, at this point, it's too early, we'll need to see what comes out of the final SEC.
Bruce Broussard : Just on that, from our vantage point we continue to put rebates back into our pricing. So, I guess, back directly to the customer. We do not retain those rebates. So, any kind of opportunity to lower the cost of the drugs will directly benefit our members and not have an impact on us as a result of just -- we pass it through.
Lisa Gill : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lance Wilkes from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Lance Wilkes : Great, thanks. Could you provide a little more color on the Primary Care centers? And what it was interested in is looking at the centers and the patient surge. Can you describe a little bit about the composition of patients, what percent are MA versus Medicare fee-for-service, and then how many of them are employer or other? And what percent of those are in full risk contracts versus maybe stages of that? And then how much of the membership -- or how much of the patient base is Humana membership as opposed with other payers? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard : Okay. A few things, I heard that there's a lot in that question, so let me try to provide as much as I can here. They are built really for full risk Medicare advantage members. That's what they are built for. That's how the staffing has constructed. That's out of the recruiting of the physicians. That's out of the business model is built. And so that leads you to the conclusion of the majority of them are going to be MA members. Now, we have some Medicare fee-for-service side members in there.  They are really oriented to how over time they can evolve to be a longer-term member for us through our Medicare's Advantage relationship. They are agnostic platforms, and so there's a good composition of medic Humana members, as well as other payers in the credit, that's why it's really called CenterWell, it's to reinforce that agnostic nature and we are very oriented to that being agnostic. In a number of our sites, there's probably more non - Humana members than there are Humana members. So, you do see us oriented to a much broader opportunity in the -- for Medicare Advantage.  In addition, in a few of the sites we do have direct contracting members as a result of that, and so we are in the opportunity to take Medicare fee-for-service relationships that then -- that are more oriented to value base. Your last part of your question just was the relationship. over time they will take full risk. Now, there might be an earlier part of the opening that they will take a path to risk orientation where they'll have some upside and downside limits and -- but they will, over time, convert to a full risk model. And that's really just as the panel size gets bigger and bigger, the ability to manage the risk is much easier because of the diversification of the panel size.
Lance Wilkes : Great. And what's the trend to breakeven in those DeNova sites for you guys?
Bruce Broussard : Breakeven is between 3 to 5 years and fill up. I'd say the earlier a year is probably 3 years is more around profitability and contribution margin. The fifth year is more around a return on capital obtaining the return on capital side.
Lance Wilkes : Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank AG. Your line is now open.
George Hill : Good morning, guys. And thanks for squeezing me in. Susan, I was just wondering if you'd be willing to provide a little bit more color on how you're thinking about medical cost trend as it relates to 2022. And I guess to provide some granularity about how I'm thinking about the question is, is 2019 kind of the right baseline number from an MLR perspective? Plus, then adjustments for mix because we've seen so much growth in virtual and retail care clinics.  And then if -- you've included some what I'll call some excess COVID headwind. But if we see a continued reversion of utilization, like could we see a number that looks like greater than 100% of that 2019 baseline from an MLR perspective. Are you thinking about utilization being higher offset by changing cost mix? Not asking for the hard number, but just would love how you're thinking about the moving pieces as it really grows in medical costs.
Susan Diamond : Okay. Great. Sure. Yes, for last statistics, I'll try to introduce as much as I can, maybe more generally. But as we -- as you said before, right now in our '22 pricing, our approach to baseline trends was to go back to pre -COVID levels, use historical trend factors and roll that forward. Now we certainly, our models have a lot of granularity to them and so certainly they will take into account any cited service jobs that we may be seeing and then our estimate of what those might be going forward.  They'd also look at what we've referred to these Healthcare pipeline technologies to anything else that we expect that maybe coming to market that would impact trends differently than what we've seen historically. And that's just part of our consistent process. So, all of that work was done to support our 2022 pricing. We have not changed our view of that currently, although as you can imagine, there is a lot of work being done across the enterprise to study as best we can, what has emerged over the course of 2020 and 2021, how we can decipher COVID impact in utilization.  Depression versus what might be just lower baseline trend. I think our view, as you've seen, is consistently [Indiscernible] earnings historically would imply that our core trend forecasting models may have a little bit of conservatism in there. We've not seen that going forward, trending off 19 is certainly more years of trending than we would typically like. And so that's why we're going to do a lot more analysis between now and between our final guidance points for 2022 to see if there's any additional information that would inform our perspective on 2022 baselines.  But what we're considering now, we think is an appropriately conservative view. To your point, if the COVID headwind that we will contemplate in that guide does not emerge -- does emerge, then we would be seeing baseline -- utilization above baseline levels. Or I'm sorry, I said that backwards [Indiscernible]. Yeah, but we would be able to tolerate it running above baseline even though we don't expect that to occur. If it does not occur, then that would obviously represent an additional tailwind for us that you should see unwind over the course of the year.
George Hill : Okay. And if I could go with a quick call, it does --
Susan Diamond : [Indiscernible]
George Hill : I guess my quick follow-up is it just, where do you feel like the flexibility is for your ability to pull levers on the cost side, should costs on the medical side run ahead so that you guys can deliver your earnings targets?
Susan Diamond : I think in general; I would say we continue to work on our trend initiatives and various utilization management and other strategies, no different than any other year to continue to work to reduce total cost of care. Some of them work that we're doing with our value-based home-health model, as well as the use of broader homesteaded capabilities or other examples of how we continue to work to see how we can use those capabilities to focus on patients who are disproportionately likely to see, potentially avoidable hospitalization events and use those capabilities to redirection and alternative sites of service. Like the home or an outpatient settings. So, we'll continue to do all of those things in support of not only 2020 to trend mitigation, but then also longer term to support our value proposition in Medicare Advantage broadly.
Bruce Broussard : Just asked a question about administrative management. We constantly are managing the investments and our costs trends within the administrative side to ensure that they provide the adequate cushion for us as we think about earnings being said.
George Hill : Thank you.
Operator: Gary. Next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo : Thanks for getting me on. And I hope I'm the last one I had just a quick clarification question Susan, I think you said that you would expect that reserve development in the fourth quarter will come in less favorably than you experienced in the third quarter. I just wanted to make sure that I heard that right. And of the membership growth that you expect in 2022, I think 350 at the midpoint, how much of that is coming from, special needs plans duels, etc.? Thanks.
Susan Diamond : Sure. To your first question on current period development. Yes, you heard correctly that, while we did see positive current period development in the third quarter, our guide does not seem that we continue to see this elevated levels. Our guide with already this seems some level of normal quarters CBD. In any given quarter, you can see that 2 declined in year, but we're not assuming currently that that favor -- exit favorability we saw emerge in third quarter will continue.  And during the '22 growth, we obviously haven't given detail guidance. But I can tell you though is while it's still early in the AEP, Bruce mentioned we saw 40% growth in 2020 and 2021. We do continue to see strong growth in 2022. So, while we're not prepared to share a specific number, so bargain while its early, even growth is actually coming in better than we had originally expected for '22 [Indiscernible].
Whit Mayo : Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from Coban. Your line is now open.
Gary Taylor : Hi, good morning. Just 2 quick questions I have remaining. In April, you upped your MRA headwind to a billion three for the full year. Just want to make sure, is that still the right '21 headwind and most of that come spec next year and that's part of how you're offsetting the return to baseline utilization?
Susan Diamond : That's exactly right. Our estimate is not been changed. Their previous update on the emirate headwind. As we said, we're tracking very closely the diagnosis Income submissions in 2021 that will support our 2022 reimbursement, and those are in line with expectations and more similar to what we thought pre -COVID. So, to your exact point, that headwind we do not expect to recur and does provide mitigation from trend, bouncing back to more normal levels.
Gary Taylor : Since -- and just one more quick one. When you talked about -- was just mentioning less development in 4Q. Your third quarter prior year development was very similar to last year, so I presume you were talking about intra -year development from the first half that you recognized in the 3Q that doesn't occur or you're not assuming occurs, is that correct? And could you just give us a little color on where that came from, Inpatient outpatient.
Susan Diamond : When you refer to current period development, the development, in the quarter that would refer to the year. Can you hear us?
Operator: Speakers you are now live.
Susan Diamond : Okay. Hi there, I'm sorry, we dropped again unfortunately, can you hear me? I'm not sure exactly where we dropped, but just to your last point, turning period development does refer to you how planes restated in the first half of the year. And as we say, we did see some favorable restatement. What I can say is, at a high level relative to get them into those Q2 and what we saw in development in third quarter, in the net of the COVID, and COVID costs that we saw positive restatement of about 50 basis points going sort of the first and second quarter of 2021 developed in the third quarter.
Operator: And speakers, we don't have any questions on the line. I would like to turn the call to Mr. A - Bruce Broussard for closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard : Okay [Indiscernible]. I want to apologize for the technical glitches there, I think we have a problem with our leader line and we will definitely work on that to ensure that the services that we are -- that we subscribe to is capable of keeping a consistent connection. Second, I hope you take away from our conversation today that we have been very thoughtful and conservative as we look into the fourth quarter and as we enter into 2022.  As you can see From all the commentary, we do reflect that the uncertainty of COVID and all the aspects of going into 2022. I do want to say thank you for 90,000 associates that make this such a successful organization and their dedication to not only our customer, but also providing our shareholders the adequate return. And I want to thank you for your long-term support for us as an organization. So, thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Humana Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Now, I would like to welcome Ms. Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, please go ahead.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2021 results and our updated financial outlook for 2021. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our second quarter 2021 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note, in particular, that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our forward-looking statement should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Amy, thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today we reported adjusted earnings per share of $6.89 for the second quarter of 2021, in line with our previous expectations. We continue to focus on delivering strong operating results while navigating a dynamic environment due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, all while staying true to our commitment to delivering the highest quality healthcare experience for members and patients. Well, we are maintaining our full-year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $21.25 to $21.75 at the midpoint, representing full-year adjusted EPS growth of 16% above the 2020 baseline of $18.50 in excess of our long-term growth target, while acknowledging the continued uncertainty driven by COVID-19 hospitalization trends and the rate at which non-COVID cost normalized. As Susan will describe in more detail, our full-year adjusted EPS guidance now assumes a $600 million COVID-19-related headwinds that is expected to be largely offset by favorable operating items. In addition, this guidance assumes non-COVID costs will run approximately 2.5% below baseline in the back half of the year, including an assumption of minimum COVID testing and treatment costs for the remaining of the year. Id like to reiterate that our core fundamentals are performing well and 2021 is a year of COVID-19 transition with various pandemic-related financial impacts, including reduced Medicare Advantage revenue resulting from the significant temporary deferral of utilization in 2020, as well as the lingering near-term uncertainties regarding the pace and level of the return of utilization for the balance of the year. We also acknowledge that we are seeing increase in COVID utilization in recent weeks, which we will continue to watch closely. While we continue to navigate this pandemic-related uncertainties in 2021, as Susan will lay out in detail, we expect 2022 to be a more normal year. The healthcare system has been open for several months and we have seen vaccination rates in the seniors reach approximately 80% nationally. Accordingly, our members continue to engage in more routine interactions with their providers, which we anticipate will result in more normalized Medicare Advantage revenue next year as providers are able to ensure that our members are receiving appropriate care and that their conditions are being fully documented. I would reiterate our remarks from the last quarter regarding our Medicare Advantage bids for 2022, which reflected the continued uncertainty associated with COVID-19 and our premium and claims assumption with a focus on maintaining benefit stability in 2023. While it is still too early to provide 2022 guidance, we believe our operating discipline in 2021 combined with the depth of our planning for 2022 Medicare Advantage AEP puts us in a strong position for financial growth in 2022. I will now turn to an operational and strategic update. Importantly, our underlying core businesses continue to deliver strong results on solid fundamentals with individual Medicare Advantage membership growth outpacing the industry. As we highlighted at our recent Investor Day, this growth is balanced across various product lines, including HMO, PPO and Dual Special Needs Plans or D-SNPs. Our Medicaid business continues to perform well in 2021 and our South Carolina plan is now operational. We are diligently preparing for the Ohio contract go-live date in early 2022 and are continuing to improve our operating model building off of our core Medicare Advantage capabilities. We also experienced slightly better-than-expected results in our home and provider businesses and increased mail order rates in our pharmacy business. Finally, as announced last quarter, we have entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining 60% interest in Kindred at Home, and we expect the transaction to close mid-August, which weve included in our revised estimates for the year. Our strong operating performance this year is in part attributed to our strong partnerships with providers who are delivering high-quality care to our members. We are currently seeing 87% of our provider partners and value-based arrangements and surplus. Further, our relentless focus on consumer centricity has led to an all-time high net promoter scores for our retail organization, contributing to Medicare Advantage membership growth and resulted in an external recognition of Humana as an industry leader in customer satisfaction, including the announcement this morning that we received the highest ranking in mail order pharmacy customer satisfaction for the fourth year in a row in the J.D. Power 2021 U.S. Pharmacy Study. On the public policy front, as policymakers explore changes to Medicare, including adding dental, vision and hearing as part of the Medicare benefit, we stand ready to both innovate for the more than 12 million of our members who already have these benefits, including 7 million dental and vision policies in our MA group, as well as offer ideas of public private collaboration to leverage our deep capabilities in Medicare and specialty markets, so that beneficiaries could quickly see benefits go from a proposed law to a tangible benefit. Before turning the call over to our new Chief Financial Officer, Susan Diamond, Id like to take a moment to speak about Susans experience at Humana over the last 15 years. She has served in various leadership roles across the company during her tenure, spending eight years as part of the Medicare and leadership team with various financial and operational in line of business responsibilities. She also spent two years on the finance team, leading enterprise planning and forecasting and overseeing the companys line of business, CFOs and controllers. Most recently, she led our home business, growing it to the largest offering of its kind. Her strong financial background and extensive knowledge of our business make her uniquely positioned to step into the CFO role. The Board and I have great confidence in our abilities and the contribution she will make in the next chapter for Humana as we execute on our strategic plan and deliver shareholder value. In addition, during the strategic nature of the CFO role, Susan will continue to contribute in a meaningful way to our home health business. With that, Ill turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today we reported adjusted EPS of $6.89 for the second quarter in line with our previous expectations. Our underlying core business fundamentals remained strong and we experienced a positive start to the year across our segments with the first quarter coming in modestly ahead of our previous expectations. Our results moderated back to expected levels in the second quarter, albeit with variation in the way specific underlying assumptions emerged, with COVID treatment costs coming in lower than expected, offset by non-inpatient utilization continuing to bounce back faster than originally anticipated. As I will describe in further detail in a moment, uncertainty remains for the balance of the year due to the pandemic, specifically as it respects COVID hospitalizations and the rate at which non-COVID costs normalized inclusive of both volume and unit costs. Recognizing the majority of todays call will focus on our emerging experience and our 2021 guidance, I want to quickly touch on operating performance across our segments before diving into that detail. Our Medicare Advantage growth remains on track and consistent with our previous expectations with individual MA growing solidly above the market at an expected 11.4% at the midpoint. Our Medicaid business results are exceeding our initial expectations given membership increases largely attributable to the extension of the Public Health Emergency as well as higher than expected favorable prior period development. In our Group and Specialty segment, consistent with our commentary on our last earnings call, medical membership declines are lower than we expected coming into the year. Our Specialty business results are exceeding expectations as utilization, particularly for dental services, has been slower to bounce back than initially expected. Finally, within our Healthcare Services operations, pharmacy continues to see increased mail order penetration as a result of customer experience improvements and additional marketing initiatives. The Home business, CenterWell Senior Primary Care and Conviva are performing slightly ahead of expectations, and we remain on track to open 20 new clinics this year with Welsh, Carson. In addition, as Bruce indicated in his remarks, we now expect the Kindred at Home acquisition to close in mid-August subject to customary state and federal regulatory approvals. Before I go into more detail on our 2021 guide, I want to reiterate that the uncertainty we are seeing in 2021 relates solely to the difficulty estimating the impact of the pandemic and is not expected to carry forward into 2022. We remain comfortable with how we approached 2022 pricing, which I will expand on later in my remarks. Turning to full-year 2021 guidance. I would remind you, our adjusted EPS guidance represents growth at or above the top-end of our long-term target of 11% to 15%. Our philosophy regarding 2021 guidance has been to provide transparency into the uncertainty caused by COVID-19 and the ability to deliver our targeted earnings growth with solid underlying core business performance and largely offsetting COVID-19-related headwinds and tailwinds. We have been consistent in and remain committed to this philosophy. There is a reasonable path to achieving adjusted EPS within our initial guidance range. And accordingly, today we are maintaining our full-year adjusted EPS guidance of $21.25 to $21.75, while acknowledging the continued uncertainty as it respects COVID hospitalization trends as well as the pace at which non-COVID costs bounce back and at what level they ultimately normalize. Additionally, we expect our third quarter adjusted EPS to reflect a low-20s percentage of our full-year adjusted EPS. As Bruce indicated, given our experience to date, together with our current estimates for the back half of 2021, we have effectively recognized a $600 million COVID-related headwind for Medicare Advantage in our full-year guide, offset by favorable operating items. These favorable items include, among others, higher than initially expected prior year development, the previously discussed better-than-expected Specialty and Medicaid results and the expected contribution from Kindred at Home given the transaction is expected to close in the coming weeks. Now let me provide an update on the underlying changes since our initial detailed guide in February, articulate key assumptions regarding utilization in the back half of 2021 and expand on the continued pandemic-related uncertainties I described. I will begin with Medicare Advantage revenue. As discussed last quarter, given our significant exposure to Medicare Advantage, we are disproportionately affected by COVIDs impact on Medicare Risk Adjustment or MRA. Recall, our risk-adjusted revenue for 2021 is determined by 2020 dates of service, medical utilization and resulting documentation, which as previously discussed, was materially depressed in 2020. As we have indicated since the beginning of the year, the MRA headwind we are facing in 2021 is significant, and we have closely monitored it over the course of the year. Our April guide recognized we had $300 million of additional pressure from MRA relative to our initial expectations for the full-year, which was offset by the net benefit of the extension of sequester relief. In July, we received the mid-year MRA payment, and it came in modestly lower than expected. We are however taking operational steps now to be able to recover some of the MRA revenue in the final payment for 2021. Accordingly, our MA premium estimates, net of capitation, remained largely in line with our initial expectations when factoring in the net sequestration benefit. Now turning to benefit expense. At the beginning of the year, we indicated that we expected non-COVID costs for our Medicare business to run 3.6% to 5.5% below baseline. We defined baseline as 2019 experience trended forward based on a normalized trend factor, excluding the effects of COVID. In the first quarter, we acknowledged that non-inpatient costs were bouncing back faster than initially expected. However, that was offset by COVID utilization decelerating faster than expected. We also recognized, however, visibility into non-inpatient claims were significantly less than inpatient. And therefore, we acknowledged that there was more uncertainty around non-inpatient service categories in terms of exactly where we stood. However, at that time, we could still tolerate overall utilization returning to baseline late in the year if the non-inpatient acceleration we were seeing was due to pent-up demand and leveled off in the second and third quarters. In the first and second quarters, non-COVID costs ran approximately 7% and 3% below baseline respectively with the bounce back outpacing expectations in the second quarter. Non-inpatient utilization did not level off and instead continue to increase in the second quarter and was offset by lower than expected COVID costs and other business outperformance. As the healthcare system has been open for several months and a high rate of the senior population has been vaccinated, our current guidance now assumes that non-COVID costs level off and run approximately 2.5% below baseline levels in the back half of the year. Consistent with our original forecast, our current guidance assumes minimal COVID testing and treatment costs in the back half of the year. That said, we do acknowledge that we are seeing increases in COVID admissions in recent weeks, although it is too early to determine if they will be offsetting declines in non-COVID utilization and we will continue to monitor this recent development. Finally, as it respects to our 2021 guide, for our commercial business, we expect all-in utilization for COVID and non-COVID to continue to run above baseline as anticipated. In summary, I want to emphasize that 2021 is a COVID transition year. There is a reasonable path to deliver against our guidance expectations. However, if non-COVID utilization or COVID treatment costs increased beyond our expectations in the back half of the year, it will present a headwind to our guide absent offsetting tailwind. I also want to reiterate that the $21.50 midpoint of our original guide continues to be the right jumping off point for 2022 adjusted EPS growth. Our members continue to engage in routine interactions with their providers, which we anticipate will result in more normalized Medicare Advantage revenue next year as providers are able to ensure that our members are receiving appropriate care and that their conditions are fully documented. During the first half of 2021, provider interactions and documentation of clinical diagnoses that will impact 2022 revenue outpace those experienced in the first half of 2020 and are approximately 80% complete in line with the estimated completion rate for the same time period in 2019. Lastly, I would remind you that our Medicare Advantage bids for 2022 reflected the continued uncertainty associated with COVID-19 as it relates to our premium and baseline non-COVID claims trend assumptions with a focus on maintaining benefit stability into 2023. Before we open up the line for questions, Im excited to announce two finance leadership changes that will promote the growth and versatility of our finance leadership team. First, with the expected integration of Kindred at Home, our Home business is growing significantly, and Amy has accepted the role of Vice President and CFO of Home Solutions. She will be a key member of the Home Solutions leadership team, responsible for the financial oversight and planning and forecasting for the segment. Lisa Stoner will succeed Amy, accepting the role of Vice President, Investor Relations. Lisa has worked with Amy over the last four years and is well known and respected by our investors. We are excited about the opportunity this affords both Amy and Lisa, and Lisas continuity in Investor Relations will allow for a seamless transition. With that, we will open up the lines for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question is from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Obviously, a lot to cover. I'll try to keep it to one question here. But I'm hoping you could give us a few numbers. One is the MRA. Can you tell us what the full-year impact is of the negative MRA? And I think there's a lot of confusion around two things. One, it sounds like the first half or the second quarter, I should say, was worse than expected. And yet you still kind of came in line from an MLR perspective. So you're telling us the back half needs to be more optimistic. So what happened in the second quarter beyond that allowed you to make the MLR, but still had higher medical costs that need the back half? And then I guess around that the $600 million specifically, can you flush that out in as much detail as you can because is that comparable to the old COVID estimate? Or is that a new COVID headwind that you've kind of thrown in there for the back half of the year for us to think about?
Susan Diamond: Sure. So I'll take these one at a time. I'll start with your last question around the $600 million. So just to clarify, the $600 million represents our full-year estimate of the Medicare Advantage-only net headwinds and tailwinds related to the COVID pandemic. And if you recall back to our initial guidance earlier this year, we provided a schedule that laid out the specific line items that were considered in that and a range of estimates at the time. So this $600 million represents our current view and what is contemplated in our guide related to those items on a net basis, so the net of all the various headwinds and tailwinds based on our current expectations. As it respects the first half and second half, as we described in the call, what we continue to see throughout the first half of the year was COVID costs coming down faster than initially expected, but non-COVID outpatient in particular rebounding faster than expected, and that continued through the second quarter. And we anticipate that that will extend some into the third quarter before it levels off. In the first half of the year, the benefits we saw from COVID-related costs, as well as some lower non-COVID inpatient costs, we do not expect to continue at the same rate because our expectation had always been that those costs on the COVID side would come down as a result of the rollout of vaccinations and that utilization would rebound to more normal levels, such that there is less positive upside that can offset those costs in the second half of the year, which is why we are now estimating a net 2.5% decline in non-COVID utilization in the back half of the year to meet our guide. As it respects MRA, I think we provided the net detail in terms of what our current estimates really are. I know we provided the line item in the initial guide in terms of the beginning of the year. And what we're saying is on a net basis, net of capitation, there's about a $300 million additional headwind, and in the context of the overall guide that is largely offset or fully offset by the net impact of the positive sequestration benefit.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then just the quick follow-up on the $600 million, that was all really helpful. The $600 million, can you just tell us what that compares to specifically because you had like a $400 million to $700 million COVID number thrown into the original schedule. Is that the comparable now? And then have you said that that's all eaten away in the first half of the year, so effectively that updated $600 million is comparable before the $700 million, and it's completely gone effectively so you don't have any  none of that's assumed in the back half. Is thats the way to read it?
Susan Diamond: Yes. So just to be clear, the $600 million and full-year estimate, so inclusive of first half and back half. But I also want to clarify, it is not meant to be specific to the line item, its labeled COVID testing and treatment on that initial schedule. That was one line item. When we refer to this $600 million, it is the net impact of all of the line items that were represented on the schedule. And the other thing I would add as well in terms of your question about how did you offset that, there was a lower COVID and another inpatient costs. But also recall, we had other business outperformance that we mentioned in the discussion around the prior period development, commercial Medicaid that also offset some of that headwind we experienced in the first half of the year as well.
Justin Lake: All right. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I wanted to I guess follow-up on the assumption for trends in the back half of the year. I guess you're saying core utilization 2.5% below. I guess, if you could maybe provide a little more color on that? I mean, how do you get there or some things above average or some things below average? If I understood what you were saying, I think you said that when you include COVID costs, total trend is above average. Just want to make sure I heard that, but just color on how you get to the minus 2.5% for the back half of the year and why there isn't more of an assumption of core back to normal by the end of the year?
Susan Diamond: Sure. So just to provide a little more detail. So as we mentioned, the second quarter ran about 3% below baseline for that non-COVID utilization. Our third and fourth quarter now on average are estimated to run 2.5% below baseline and recall that that's inclusive of both utilization as well as unit costs. So as I mentioned, we do expect given that the country has been largely open, our population is largely vaccinated that we will see those non-COVID utilization start to normalize. And so we've allowed for some additional return to baseline relative to what we've experienced in the second quarter. I would also say that as we see that utilization come back, we also see that the average cost per hospitalization will come down because lower severity cases are reintroduced. And so the combination of leveling off of the utilization and continued reductions in the unit costs contribute to that 2.5% below baseline. I think you suggested that overall utilization might be above the baseline. I think you might be referring to my comments about commercial, where we had planned to see in total COVID  non-COVID to run slightly above baseline as we were beginning to see that at the end of 2020. But for our Medicare business because we're including limited COVID costs in our forecast in the back half of the year, it's not contributing significantly, so that would not take it over baseline.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. But when you say below baseline inpatient, outpatient, physician, drugs, you get those four categories, are they all kind of there or some above, some below?
Susan Diamond: Sure. We are seeing variation in some of the service categories, as you can imagine. One of the reasons we believe that some of the pent-up demand has been worked through the system and the things like surgical procedures, colonoscopies and things like that. We did for a period of time to see it go slightly above the baseline. But other traditional, normal course, ER and observations and other activities continue below baseline.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thanks.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. Thank you. Maybe I can just continue on this theme. I'm trying to understand with the Medicaid baseline through the end of the year. Do you think that what is sort of thought of is deferred care or the healthcare that didn't happen that would have happened I guess really over the last five quarters? Is a lot of that just not going to cut  that isn't something that is going to flow through as pent-up demand? It's sort of embedded in there is that assumption that seniors, I guess, are going to still have some avoidance of the healthcare system even in the back half of this year? Just trying to understand that.
Susan Diamond: Yes. I would say that our view would be given the pace at which the non-inpatient utilization in particular bounce back, which was faster than we anticipated that we are seeing. In a lot of that, you'll see they're re-engaging with their physicians and specialists more than normal rate. And so I think we do believe that some of the pent-up demand is a result of the deferred care in 2020 has been reflected in our first half of the year results. And again, because of the length of time, the country has largely been open that that pent-up demand has worked through, and therefore, we are expecting a little bit more return to baseline relative to our second quarter performance that that will stabilize through the back half of the year.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Okay. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Albert Rice: Hi, everybody. Just to put a fine point on some of the discussion and then two other data points. The 2.5% for the back half, I think in the beginning guidance, you said that the underutilization for the full-year would be 3.6% to 5.5% deferred relative to baseline. As we get an updated number, how much are you at the lower end of that? Are you even  the overall range when you think about that original number? And then I would also ask you about the operating expense. Obviously, you've updated that. Is that mainly related to Kindred? Are you expecting more investments in the back half of the year in other areas? And then if I could squeeze in one more, your comment about the offset of sequestration versus the MRA headwind this year. Does that in your mind reverse next year? So if we lose sequestration, the MRA catch-up by having fully coded all the people from last year and this year offsets that, is that the way to think about it?
Susan Diamond: Sure. So Ill take these one at a time. So the first to your question, based on our experience for first half of the year and our 2.5% expectation in the back half of the year, if you do all that math, it suggests that for the full-year, our non-COVID utilization will end up at about 3.75% below baseline. So effectively at the low-end of the range we had given you at the start of the year. On OpEx, as you said, you're exactly right. The reason for the change in the guide and the increase that is directly attributable to incorporating the Kindred performance into our guidance points, and so that is largely the reason for that increase. We do, however, I would say in terms of our core business, and even within Kindred anticipate some investment like we would in normal course, Kindred, as you can imagine, by integrating it, there are some investments we might want to make there as a respect to evaluate the operating model that we've described at Investor Day, and so that is contemplated in there as well. On your second question on sequestration, we do expect that to reverse in 2022, that would have been contemplated in our bids and pricing, and our MRA assumptions, as we think about 2022 would not be impacted by that explicitly. They are independently calculating what we believe the risk adjustment will be based on the diagnosis admissions that we would expect in a more normal environment.
Albert Rice: Okay.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Good morning. So one clarification on utilization and then another question. So just to clarify, Susan, is basically what you're saying is that the 2.5% below baseline really encompasses the fact that care is happening outside the four walls of the hospital. I think you mentioned lower ER visits. You're also mentioning that you don't expect 2022 risk adjusters to be impacted by the lower utilization. So is it that just you're seeing a shift in work here is being provided, i.e. the telehealth, primary care and that's what's impacting that below baseline, thats a dollar number. And then my second question, if you can give us just some color and context around the announcement that we saw last week on the investment that you're making with Anthem on into a new PBM?
Susan Diamond: Okay. So to your first question on the 2.5%, so again, that is related to non-COVID utilization and all inclusive of inpatient and non-inpatient, again, both rate and volume. And so I wouldn't say that we're necessarily seeing shifts in the site of service or the site of care, but rather just as utilization returns to normal, there is some level of utilization that just hasn't come back on an absolute basis. But really we are seeing with the exception of some of those specific service categories, I mentioned like surgical, other categories are largely still running below baseline across the board. As far as MRA impact, as we said, what we are seeing in terms of the normal routine interactions with our providers, our in-home assessment activity and other annual wellness programs, those are all trending exactly as we would expect to see in order to deliver against our 2022 revenue estimates contemplated in pricing. And so we feel really good about our trajectory there. Should we see somewhat depressed utilization in the back half of the year, given the way risk adjustment awards, generally speaking, we feel good that so long as there's not sort of a full shutdown like we saw in 2020, which is not what we anticipate currently. We feel confident that we should be on pace to deliver against what we need for MRA, again, based on what we're currently seeing. And I dont know Bruce, would you like to address the Anthem partnership?
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Similar to what we've done in the past and other more utility oriented areas, I think availability would be an example of that. We've tried to find partners within the industry that can help build a longer-term utility. And we look at the particular partnership with Anthem as the opportunity to update and really give a more both increased productivity and at the same time increase the experience for members in the area of the PBM side. We for a number of years have been using SS&C as a vendor to help with the existing technology, but now I've been able to take it and really enhance it through this partnership with Anthem and SS&C.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Baxter from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. I was hoping that you could talk in a little bit greater detail about why the risk adjustment revenue ended up coming in below where you expected it for this year. I guess you had a lot of visibility into certain inputs and not others to the extent you could flush those out. I think you would help give us a better sense of how comfortable we can be around next years assumptions? Thank you.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So as it respects, the $300 million that we referenced that was contemplated in our April guide. So just for context, our January payment in 2021 would reflect claims that were submitted through to September submission deadline. And then that requires us to estimate the submissions that will come in organically as well as a result of our activities around short review and prospective programs for the remainder of the year. At that time, we were not anticipating a significant surge that we saw across the country in the fourth quarter due to COVID and the resulting reduction in non-COVID utilization. What that led to was lower, what we referred to as organic diagnosis submissions. So those are not related to the campaigns that we initiated, but rather organic submissions across the provider community based on the utilization that's happening. And those ultimately proved to come in lower than we had anticipated. And generally speaking, I think we've mentioned before that those organic submissions are more difficult to estimate obviously than the initiatives that we are executing. So that was reflected in our April guide at the time. In terms of the midyear adjustment, as we've said on previous calls, the adjustment there was solely related to new members or members who were only enrolled for a partial year in 2020, where we don't have full visibility to their claims. And so while we made an estimate of what we thought the impact would be based on what we were seeing within our concurrent population, ultimately, if that made your payment came in, it reflected a lower level of contribution for those new members in our estimates had originally anticipated. I would say that going into 2022 because those impacts were directly related to the COVID pandemic and impacts of utilization, I would not expect to see that continued uncertainty carried into 2022 based on what we're seeing so far this year.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Joshua Raskin: Good morning. So I understand, we're coming out of the second quarter with non-COVID utilization running 3% below baseline, but how do you see that continuing to run 2.5% baseline for the second half of the year if you're also assuming that you're not going to see any direct COVID costs for testing and treatment. I sort of think of those as related. And then would a rise in direct COVID costs, so if we did see this increase that you guys mentioned that you're seeing in the last couple of weeks. If that did continue, would that end up being a net negative now because you've got all the direct costs, but you're already assuming lower utilization?
Susan Diamond: Sure. So I would say that our view of non-COVID is not influenced by what the recent activity and uptick we've seen in COVID cases. That is not why we're assuming that it runs below the baseline. Our view is, again, just based on the trajectory, we've seen that given the level of utilization increase, we've seen that we were at a point where it will be in the plateau and level off and sort of just a new baseline for the back half of the year. As a respect to COVID, as we mentioned, it's just very early in terms of the increase we've seen is literally just in the last couple of weeks. It is still a bit too early to determine whether or not we will see offsetting non-COVID utilization impacts like we have seen in all previous surges. I will say, just this last week, we just began to see some level of reduction in inpatient  non-COVID inpatient as the COVID cases increase. It's simply just too early to really assess the duration that we might see in terms of an uptick and the offsetting utilization. But should we see offsetting utilization in the non-COVID space in order for that not to present a headwind, it would be incremental to the 2.5% that were currently forecasting.
Joshua Raskin: Got it. Thanks.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lance Wilkes from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. Actually my primary question is on the pricing environment. You called out a little bit of pricing environment, I think in group MA. Can you talk a little bit about that pricing environments impacts and magnitude in 2021, outlook for 2022? And then in general for pricing both individual and group, how does this work towards your return to kind of target margins here? And then on the utilization, the one extra thing Id just ask on that 2.5% below baseline, just if you're getting any indications on impacts of Delta variants on utilization in any of your owned clinics? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Just to take these one at a time. First is with respect to pricing. You asked an issue about the group MA. And I think as we've said before, the group MA space particularly for larger group accounts continues to be highly competitive and we would expect that to continue and so the margins that we would see on those accounts to continue to be competitive and pressured. I think though, as we think about group MA, there are a lot of other benefits to winning those large accounts in terms of the impact that can have in a local geography on the networks and our ability to work with provider partnerships, et cetera. But we expect that to be continued to be competitive. On the individual side, this is always a process we go through every year to understand sort of the rate environment, the competitive environment, other business performance, we always strive to maintain benefit stability knowing how important that is to our members as well as our sales and distribution channels. So that's always our goal. And there's always a number of puts and takes that we will consider, including the broader enterprise performance as it respects first and foremost, delivering against our overall growth target of 11% to 15% and after considering sort of strategic investments, other business performance and then understanding what's required of our Medicare business and what we're trying to achieve balancing both growth and margin in the long-term. All of those are taken into account. We remain committed to achieving long-term, our targeted individual margin of 4.5% to 5%, and that will vary each year based on those things that I mentioned. But would expect this to continue to progress towards that goal. On utilization, I would say, really it's too early, I think for us to really see anything specific at the clinic level. That information is not as real time available to us as our health plan information. And so to-date, I have not seen anything that would provide us any visibility. I will say, there are some concentrations geographically, as you've seen probably in the press, Florida is a state that is seeing higher rates given we have a concentration of some of our clinics there. I imagine that they would see some, but we actually don't have detailed information on that just yet.
Lance Wilkes: Okay. Thanks.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. I guess going back to the 2.5%, if your assumption is that 2.5% below baseline. I think your original guidance was to run above baseline towards the end of the year. So why wouldn't that represent upside or where is the offset there? And then can you give us how much COVID costs you've seen sort of through the first half against that $600 million full-year estimate? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Okay. As it respect to 2.5%, as you mentioned, I think in earlier calls during the first quarter, we did mention in our original forecast did contemplate over the course of the second half of the year that we would begin to approach baseline and potentially for a short period of time see above baseline utilization related to pent-up demand. So we just projected that to occur later in the year. Our view is that given the rate of which we've seen it bounce back more quickly that we have seen that in the first half of the year instead. And so at the time, I don't think we've given specifics on sort of the monthly trajectory. But in general, our original forecast going into the year did anticipate a slower return to baseline and could tolerate it, getting to baseline by the end of the year. But as I described in my remarks, because we saw the faster bounce back in non-inpatient and in the first half that was again, largely offset by the reductions in COVID and inpatient, those trends will not continue at the same level. And therefore, we will need to see below baseline utilization on the non-COVID side in order to achieve that full-year estimate of 3.75%. And then could you repeat your second question? I'm sorry about the COVID costs?
Ralph Giacobbe: Yes. Just trying to get a sense of what it ran in the first half of the year relative to the updated sort of $600 million. Are you fully through the $600 million at this point? Is that what you're trying to imply? And there's nothing baked into the back half. Just trying to get a sense of magnitude there.
Susan Diamond: No. So again, that $600 million is a full-year estimate. It does, just to be clear, include the assumption that the non-COVID utilization will run 2.5% in the back half of the year. So that's contemplated in that. But I don't think we had intended to provide any quarterly detail of how that's emerging. But that is a full-year number. It would not represent just the first half of the year.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Just to highlight on the $600 million. That is  if you were to go to the first quarter or the February earnings release for the fourth quarter. We put together some lows and highs all the way from MRA COVID testing that did press utilization and sequestration. And what the $600 million is as if you were to take that and roll that forward now, all the ins and outs from that would be the net number, thats $600 million. The operational aspects of our business, as Susan has talked about, is offset all of that $600 million. But included in that $600 million net number is an assumption that 2.5% below baseline will be remaining for the remaining part of the year.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. First, I think you just clarified part of the question that I was going to ask, which is just confirming that the net headwind and tailwind that had been zero in that 4Q 2025 deck, that's now $600 million, right. And then also just on the MRA piece, in that same slide deck, you had called that out at $700 million to $1 billion of expected headwind. I guess, given the update that you guys have given us around the $300 million incremental impact a couple of months ago and then how things came out in the midyear claims review, just interested if you have an updated estimate that we can compare now against that $700 million to $1 billion number. And that's sort of, I guess, just putting this all together, just how this sort of nets out for 2021, putting all the pieces together, what that sort of implies and what you're assuming for your MA pretax margin, so we can think about sort of the earnings run rate now relative to the long-term target margin facts.
Susan Diamond: So what I would say, we never at the time, as you mentioned, the schedule that we gave you, which provided a range of $700 million to $1 billion. I don't think at that time, we ever said exactly where we were in that range in terms of our internal estimate. And what we just wanted to clarify was that we have seen $300 million of net pressure incremental to that, which is again, in terms of the schedule offset then by the sequestration. And then can you repeat your second question? I'm sorry, I think it was at 2021. What was your 2021 question, I'm sorry.
Scott Fidel: Yes. Basically, just trying to take all the different pieces together and what they net out to what sort of the underlying pretax MA margin assumption is for 2021, so we can think about that relative to the long-term target?
Susan Diamond: Yes. So what I would say is as you see in our guidance points, our MER target  our MER range hasn't really changed because of the offsets and the nature of those offsets, they were many within the Retail segment and Medicare in particular. So I would say, in general, there's not material movement in the individual MA margin because the net headwind is largely offset by other positivity. And as we mentioned, the positive prior period development, as an example, as well as the sequestration would be attributable to the Retail segment.
Scott Fidel: Okay.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
George Hill: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my question. And I'm going to try to put in two very quick ones. I guess, Bruce, as I think about the JV investment with Anthem, that's much more of an infrastructure and back-end investment as opposed to more of a PBM JV, if I understand that right. And then just kind of net-net of everything, am I hearing things right that the $21.25 to $21.75 is the right jumping off point as we think about fiscal 2022 EPS, inclusive of all the moving pieces, basically that they're all offsetting?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. To answer your first question, you're exactly right. It is an infrastructure investment, and again, it's a utility for the industry, and actually we would enjoy others to join that joint venture over a period of time. In regards to your second question, you're exactly right. The midpoint is $21.50, and that is what we would base our 2022 growth.
George Hill: Okay. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Thanks for taking my question. You touched on this a little bit, but I wanted to try to bring a finer point to it. The 2.5% baseline in the second half, would you expect that not sustaining timeframe, but would you expect that to return to baseline? Or are you seeing some permanent shifts, like, ER utilization that would cause you to stay below baseline beyond 2021? And then what are you seeing in terms of member acuity as the bounce back utilization has come? Are you seeing higher acuity as patients represent for services? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Fair question. So as we said, the 2.5% represents an average for the back half of the year. I think it remains to be seen at what rate it ultimately settles in at if it come in more depressed in the third quarter and then get closer to baseline. There's obviously a range of scenarios that could emerge, some of which could be that by the end of the year, it gets close to baseline. So I think that until we get to the plateau and then  and see that sustain, I think it'll be hard to assess the long-term, whether that's a long-term new normal or not. So we'll continue to watch that. As for acuity, I would say, so far we are not seeing indicators that there is a higher acuity or there's been impacts from the deferred care in 2020. We are continuing to watch it, but so far we have not seen any sort of systemic indicators of that. And in fact, some of the things that we were able to initiate along with our provider partners to ensure members receiving the needed preventative care through telemedicine were quite helpful during the pandemic. And one data point as an example was that we saw higher medication adherence through the pandemic than we actually did pre-pandemic. So a nice indication that members were receiving the needed preventative care, receiving their medications and hopefully staying on top of their conditions. But so far, we're watching it, but we're not seeing any indications of higher acuity.
David Windley: Good. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Cottrell from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Cottrell: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to revisit the operating cost guidance and how should we think about that for future years, absorbing the full-year costs of Kindred, and also any potential synergies that could offset that into 2022 and beyond? Thanks.
Susan Diamond: Sure. As I said, the current year guidance revision was a direct  it directly attributable to incorporating Kindred in the guide. To be quite honest, we're going to need to do some work post-closing an integration to revisit our forward  probably more in 2022, what our guidance points look like and whether they need to change. Obviously within Kindred, they have direct cost of care. Those are all  all of their costs are included in that OpEx ratio. It's not showing up anywhere else in the guide. So that's something we'll look at. So we'll need to see whether there's anything we should break out separately specific to the Kindred business. As a respect to synergies, the Kindred transaction was not really a traditional synergy play. We obviously don't have a home-health business to integrate into  the operations will be largely standalone. We are certainly looking at opportunities to see where we can create some synergies based on the capabilities we have and they have, but I would not expect those to be significant. The real value is going to be on the new products and models that we intend to introduce, particularly the value-based model we shared during Investor Day. That will be the source of value creation as a result of that transaction.
Bruce Broussard: And just to reemphasize, we don't see net-net our operating costs going up as a result of the transaction outside of some investments we're making in the short-term as a result of the integration. We continue to maintain a long-term orientation to continuing to increase our productivity. You're seeing that over the last number of years and that has not changed. And the investor shouldn't walk away from that. This is an increasing cost. We continue to keep that as a discipline. I think what you do see is it's just sort of taking one organization that has a different margin and different operating structure and bringing it into our operating structure. And as we bring the two together, we'll have that same emphasis of continuing to improve productivity on the organization.
Amy Smith: And I think that was our last question. So Bruce, if you have any closing comments.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. And we really appreciate everyone's support. We recognized that this quarter as a result of the transition year of COVID is a difficult one. We are very oriented to continuing to have the transparency between what is COVID and what's operational. And I hope you guys can just discern between those two as we continue to have further questions on the operational performance. That being said, I do want to leave the investors with the understanding that we continue to believe that the organizations operational performance in 2021 has been very strong as a result of what you see and just some of the operational offsets to some of the headwinds from COVID. And then secondarily, as we see 2022, we did take a very conservative view into pricing in our planning for both AEP and as we start to enter the AEP season, I think you guys will see that thoughtfulness and reflect some of the uncertainties that maybe continue into 2022. So as always, we appreciate your support and we also appreciate our teammates continued to drive to both improve our operating performance and serve our customers in the best we can. So thank you.
Operator: And with that, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] With that, I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, and please go ahead.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2021 results and our updated financial outlook for 2021. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. Additionally, we have posted supporting materials to our Investor Relations page related to the Kindred at Home transaction announced last night. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our first quarter 2021 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note, in particular, that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic.  Our forward-looking statement should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risk along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Amy, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $7.67 for the first quarter of 2921, and reaffirmed our full-year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance of $21.25 to $21.75. Our first quarter results reflect solid performance across each of the company's segments fueled by strong individual Medicare Advantage and state based membership growth and improved profitability in the group and specialty and healthcare services segments. As we continue to navigate the pandemic, we also meaningfully advanced our strategy during the quarter. I want to congratulate our Medicaid organization on this significant contract award in Ohio, which when combined with recent additions of Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Wisconsin brings our Medicaid footprint to seven states. These additions affirm our capital efficient organic growth strategy and further demonstrates the strength of our Medicaid capabilities built on our Medicare Advantage chassis. We also continue to deliver a compelling dual special needs plan membership growth. [This net membership] increased approximately 23% in the quarter, and we now serve more than a half a million [these net members]. We remain committed to proactively addressing disparities in health care for underserved populations, and recognize them Medicare Advantage and Medicaid plans are uniquely positioned to address the needs of these members. Data shows that Medicare Advantage is continuing to grow as the preferred option for those who are low income and for racial and ethnic minorities, with more than 28% of Medicare Advantage beneficiaries being racial and ethnic minorities, as compared to 21% in Traditional Medicare. Currently, 55% of Latino and 39% of African American beneficiaries have actively chosen to enroll in MA, and there is growing diversity in enrollment because of the value provided to beneficiaries. The ability of MA plans to adapt to change and drive innovation and better clinical outcomes is why today nearly 27 million seniors have chosen MA over original Medicare. Our ability to drive innovation and improve clinical outcomes is enabled by our strong integrated care delivery platform. And in recent years, we have significantly expanded our healthcare service capabilities from primary care to pharmacy to home care and more, in order to better serve our medical members and to significantly strengthen our payer agnostic care offerings.  These services help deliver on the promise of better quality and health outcomes, lower costs, and a simpler more personalized experience for the people they touch. These advancements also provide a solid foundation to ultimately serve individuals beyond our MA membership base, including original Medicare fee for service members as we continue to evolve and expand beyond managed care to a broader clinical services orientation, but the ability to manage risk and coordinate care outside of MA. During the quarter, we took the next step in this evolution introducing CenterWell as the new brand to unite our broad range of payor-agnostic healthcare service offerings. The CenterWell brand speaks to how we put our members and patients at the center of everything we do. The first Humana owned services to adopt the brand are partners in primary care and family physician group named CenterWell Senior Primary Care. We're also accelerating our strategy around the home. And as I will discuss in a moment, the Home will be the next service to adopt the CenterWell brand. We see the home coupled with our primary care strategy as the next meaningful opportunity to improve access to quality, proactive care for a broader senior population. As such, we continue to invest in assets that allow us to better manage the holistic needs of our members and patients by expanding care in the home, including primary care, telehealth, and emergency room care are also addressing social determinants of health. The home health industry is among the fastest growing healthcare industry in the U.S. as a result of an aging population, the prevalence of chronic disease, and growing physician acceptance of care in the home. This need has only been accelerated by COVID-19. However, we recognize for some time that the current volume based fee for service model has limited the innovation and home health. Accordingly, in 2018, we acquired a 40% interest in Kindred at Home, embarking on a journey to test and learn innovative clinical models in the home with a goal of evolving home health to value based payment models. Today, Kindred at Home employs approximately 43,000 caregivers, providing home health, hospice, and community care services to over 550,000 patients annually. They have locations in 40 states providing extensive geographic coverage, with approximately 65% overlap with Humanas individual Medicare Advantage membership. Yesterday, we announced that we signed a definitive agreement to acquire the remaining 60% interest in Kindred at Home. As detailed and the press release, we issued last night, the Kindred at Home transaction represents an enterprise value of $8.1 billion, including the value of Humanas existing 40% equity interests. This acquisition, which is expected to close in the third quarter of this year is the largest in Humanas history, and comes at a pivotal time in healthcare. When a worldwide epidemic has exasperated the existing disparities in health care for underserved populations and highlighted the power of telehealth and in-home care and addressing those disparities. Further, the pandemic has reinforced patients increasing desire for convenient and personalized delivery channels, requiring innovative homecare offerings. The acquisition of Kindred at Home will provide us with an extensive network of nurses, a critical distribution channel for delivering care in the home. However, we recognize the need for innovative home care offering at scale. Through our successful partnership with Kindreds management team and our Private Equity Partners, over the last few years, we have proved that altering the nurses clinical interaction in the home improves care. We've demonstrated that we can reduce the cost of care and provide value to shareholders through additional referrals to Kindred, advancing effective clinical interventions in the home and supporting higher acuity patients by leveraging other home-based assets we've assembled. Humana at Home Health Episodes served by Kindred at Home has increased from 8% to 19% overall in markets with geographic overlap, reaching penetration as high as 49% in certain key markets.  In addition, Kindred at Home continues to demonstrate superior patient outcomes, including reduced hospitalizations, admissions, and ER utilization, managements successful transition of Kindred at Home to an independent home health and hospice company. The strong and growing core business is reflected in Kindreds solid historical EBITDA compounded annual growth rate of approximately 20% since 2017. Our demonstrated ability to deliver savings to health plans through reduced hospitalizations, and the ability to drive increased referrals to Kindred at Home provides us the confidence to accelerate our 100% ownership of Kindred. Full ownership allows us to move from market testing to full scale implementation over time. We recognize the significant value we can deliver to members and patients by integrating this asset into our holistic approach to care.  Fully integrating at home, Kindred at Home will enable us to more closely align incentives to focus on improving patient outcomes, and on reducing the total cost of care. This is critical to deploying at scale, a value-based advanced home health model that makes it easier for patients and providers to benefit from our full continuum of home-based capabilities. By leveraging the best channel to deliver the right care needed at the right time, we believe we can deliver outcomes and value beyond what isn't possible on traditional fees for service models. As shown on the slide deck that we posted to our Investor Relations website this morning, Home health utilizers are 5 times more likely to have an inpatient admission within 120 days of the start of their home health episode, as compared to an individual MA member that does not utilize home health. This speaks to the significant opportunity we have to continue to improve outcomes and lower costs for this population. We look forward to sharing additional details about the value creation we plan to drive with our home health strategy at our Investor Day in June. While the acquisition includes the operations of Kindreds hospice and community care operations, our intent is to ultimately only maintain a minority interest in this portion of the asset. Our experience with hospice demonstrates the integration of palliative and traditional hospice care improves the quality of life for patients transitioning from restorative care to hospice. However, we have been successful delivering the desired patient experience and outcomes through partnership models, demonstrating we do not need to own a majority interest in the hospice asset long-term. Kindred at Home will be integrated into Humanas Home Solutions business under the leadership of Susan Diamond. When combined our Home Solutions geographic scale, a clinical breath will provide the opportunity to offer care beyond Humana members. And as a result, we will transition to our CenterWell brand as CenterWell Home Health. Luckily, kindred care services will be integrated and coordinated with other care offerings, including CenterWells senior primary care, and Conviva, as well as our primary care and emerging care offerings in the home via our investment in Heal and Dispatch Health. Before turning the call over to Brian, I want to acknowledge that this will be his last earnings call at Humana and thank him for his valuable contribution to Humana over the last several years. Among his many contributions, Brian brought rigor to his role in the creation of a strong financial capability not only through sophisticated physical and ongoing operational discipline, but also by developing a deep bench of talent within our finance organization to drive this discipline forward. We wish Brian the very best in his next chapter.  As previously announced, Brian will remain in his current role through June 1, and then serve in an advisory role through the end of the year. On June 1, Susan Diamond will assume the role of Interim CFO, while we complete our search for a permanent replacement. Given Susan's strong knowledge of our business and financial expertise, I have great confidence in her ability to lead the finance team as we recruit a new CFO. Susan will also continue to lead the Home Solutions Business. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you Bruce and good morning everyone. Today we reported adjusted EPS of $7.67, reflecting a positive start to the year across our segments, particularly in light of the impact that the pandemic has had on our results, which we outlined on our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call in February. While the first quarter came in modestly ahead of our previous expectations, it is early, and we are continuing to work through uncertainty related both to our revenue and claims due to the pandemic. Specifically as it relates to revenue, given our significant exposure to Medicare Advantage, we are disproportionately affected by COVIDs impact on Medicare Risk Adjustment or MRA. Our risk adjusted revenue is determined by 2020 [dates of service], medical utilization, and resulting documentation, which as previously discussed was materially depressed last year. In particular, we were focused on monitoring the impacts on utilization from the late surge of COVID cases in 4Q, which occurred following the communication of high level 2021 guidance on our third quarter earnings call. While the extension of sequestration helps mitigate any potential pressure against our estimates, I would remind investors that a critical indicator of 2021 revenue relative to our initial expectations will be the mid-year MRA payment, which we expect from CMS anytime in the next one to three months. The major payment, which effectively rolls forward the dates of service used for 2021 payment to year-end 2020, for mid-year 2020 and incorporates the impact on risk adjusted revenue of our new members is meaningfully more uncertain this year given the 4Q dynamics I mentioned, as this payment requires significant estimation, even in normal times.  As it relates to benefits expense, non-COVID utilization is running largely in-line with our previous expectations, and as anticipated, is still depressed relative to baseline. The first three months of inpatient admissions were down approximately 20%, 15%, and 10% in January, February, and March respectively relative to baseline, with the first few weeks of April, seeing non-COVID inpatient trends moderate to around 5% depressed. Separately, non-inpatient spend is also depressed. Although it appears to be rebounding a bit faster than previously expected, with the caveat that the completion on non-inflation claims is much slower, and therefore there were significantly more uncertainty around these service categories in terms of exactly where we stand. Finally, COVID emissions, which tend to have higher unit costs and those of non-COVID came down more quickly than expected in the quarter. The COVID case deceleration moderated in late March, and seems to be holding flat in early April as certain geographic locations have become hotspots. We expect utilization to continue to rebound to par as we move through the second quarter, and to slightly exceed baseline towards the end of the year.  Given that we remain in a period of heightened uncertainty, we are reaffirming our full-year 2021 adjusted EPS guide of $21.25 to $21.75, as well as the benefit expense and operating cost ratios, notwithstanding the favorable first quarter results. This represents adjusted EPS growth of 16% above the 2020 baseline of $18.50 at the midpoint of our guide, nicely above the high-end of our long-term EPS growth target of 11% to 15%. I would note that we have been consistent in our expectation of adjusted EPS growth above our long-term target, since we provided our initial 2021 commentary on our third quarter 2020 earnings call in November. Additionally, we expect our second quarter adjusted EPS to reflect a low 30s percentage of our full-year adjusted EPS. As we look ahead to 2022, we are pleased that our members appear to be engaging in more routine interactions with their providers, which we anticipate will result in more normalized Medicare Advantage revenue next year, as providers are able to ensure that our members are receiving an appropriate level of care and that their conditions are being documented. While it is of course too early to provide 2022 guidance, I would note that as we think about our Medicare Advantage for 2022, our intention is to reflect the continued uncertainty associated with COVID-19 in our premium and claims assumptions. In addition, I would like to reiterate that the appropriate baseline for calculating 2022 adjusted EPS growth is $21.50 the midpoint of our 2021 guidance range. I will now briefly discuss each of our segments performance in the quarter. In the retail segment, in addition to the revenue and claims dynamics I discussed, our Medicare Advantage growth remains comfortably on track and consistent with our previous expectations, with individual MA growing solidly above the market and an expected 11% to 12% increase. As Bruce indicated in his remarks, we experienced robust growth and decent membership added 95,000 members in the first quarter with an additional 12,400 added effective April 1. I also want to Bruces congratulations to our Medicaid team on their State Contract Awards in Ohio and Oklahoma, along with our application approval in South Carolina during the quarter, an incredible achievement, demonstrating the strength of our Medicaid capabilities. In our Group and Specialty segment, consistent with our commentary on our last earnings call in February, medical membership declines on account of COVID were less severe than initially expected coming into the year. The segment performance continues to improve. And we continue to execute on the first phase of a multi-year plan to grow our group commercial and specialty products, bringing in strong new talent, increasing our local presence in certain key markets, and deepening our partnerships with innovative companies. Our dental network expansion is proceeding ahead of plan. Our small group commercial medical pipeline volume is back in-line with pre-COVID levels, and our net promoter scores for our large group medical accounts were at a record high for first quarter performance.  Finally, our healthcare services operations remain on track with our previous expectations. In our pharmacy operations, we continue to pursue pharmacy initiatives that we expect to further increased mail order penetration as the year progresses. I would note that this anticipated spend to accelerate growth coupled with labor related over time and shipping costs due to weather related disruptions in February, did modestly impact the pharmacy business results in the court. CenterWell senior primary care and Conviva are performing well and we continue to execute on our clinic expansion with Welsh, Carson. Kindred at Home is also delivering solid results, and as Bruce indicated in his remarks, we are accelerating our full acquisition of Kindred at Home. With respect to Kindred, last night we announced that we signed a definitive agreement to acquire the remaining 60% interest in Kindred at Home for a total enterprise value of $8.1 billion, including $2.4 billion associated with our current 40% equity interest.  We do not anticipate the material impact to non-GAAP or adjusted earnings in 2021. We expect the transaction to provide modest additional financial flexibility as we set targets for 2022 earnings. Although I would note that binding Kindred has long been a part of our financial planning process, which is included providing capability to build on our clinical capabilities and value-based care model. In addition, we intend to exclude one-time transaction and integrated costs related to the acquisition from non-GAAP earnings. Key financial terms are outlined in the slides available on our website accompanying today's earnings call. The innovative partnership we created with Welsh, Carson, and TPG will deliver significant strategic and financial value to Humana. Executing on the Kindred at Home transaction now, versus waiting for the contracted sponsor put option that would likely not be exercised until mid-2022 given the assets strong EBITDA growth not only accelerates the strategic benefits as Bruce described, but importantly allows us to acquire the nation's largest home health and hospice company for a multiple meaningfully lower than where comparable public companies are trading today. Additionally, we expect that we will be able to capitalize on the robust market for hospice assets by diversity a majority stake in that portion of the business and what we anticipate will be an attractive valuation. As to the EBITDA multiple we're paying for Kindred at Home, investors should consider the $5.7 billion purchase price for the remaining 60% interest, plus our initial investment of $1.1 billion for our 40% stake in 2018, which went grown at a reasonable 8% weighted average cost of capital for a present value of $1.4 billion equates to a total cash purchase price of approximately $7.1 billion all in. When using a normalized full-year 2021 estimated EBITDA for Kindred at Home, inclusive of hospice and community care, the transaction EBITDA multiple is approximately 11 times. It is important to note that the normalized EBITDA excludes expected home care and hospice investments and clinical capabilities and value-based care models, one-time costs, including transaction and integration expenses, and any potential synergies. Expected synergies will primarily result from the meaningfully enhanced clinical capabilities Bruce has described, which will materialize over time in addition to the EBITDA benefit of in-sourcing further Home Health Episodes from other home health providers. One other important note regarding the financial value created that I would mention, after adjusting for our intended divestiture of a majority interest in the hospice and community care assets at a reasonable market valuation, the implied transaction EBITDA multiple for acquiring nation's largest home health business would be in the mid-to-high single-digits based on the roughly 50/50 split of the EBITDA between the home and hospice community care segments. As far as the transaction financing is concerned, we expect to fund the $5.7 billion purchase price, which again is net of our existing equity interests with a mix of parent company cash and debt financing. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2021, subject to customary state and federal regulatory approvals. Immediately following the closing of the transaction, we expect our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio to be in the low-40s with significant de-leveraging expected post divestiture of the majority stake in hospice and community care. We expect the debt-to-capital ratio, including assuming a customary level of share repurchase to return to a more normalized target leverage level during 2022 freeing up the balance sheet for further capital deployment. We anticipate maintaining our investment grade credit rating as a result of this transaction. Before we open the line up for questions, I want to take a moment to thank our associates, shareholders, and sell-side analysts for their support over the last seven years as this will be my final Humana earnings call. I'm very proud of what the company has accomplished in a period of rapid transformation. And I know that under Bruces leadership, and with the support of the outstanding team across the organization, the company is well-positioned to [keying to] execute on its strategic plan and deliver significant shareholder value in the years ahead. It's been a true honor to serve the millions of Humana members, and I'm grateful to have worked with so many talented colleagues. I remain fully committed to a seamless transition in the coming weeks and months. And I'm very excited that Susan Diamond will serve as Interim CFO. Susan is someone I've worked with extensively over the last seven years and is one of the most talented people I know. With that, we will open the lines up for questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question come from the line of Matthew Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. Good morning. I was hoping maybe you could elaborate a bit on the increased competition that you're seeing in the group Medicare Advantage area, what you think is driving that and how you think that might settle out?
Bruce Broussard: Sure, I'll take that. Good morning, Matthew.
Matthew Borsch: Good morning.
Brian Kane: Well, as we mentioned, it really  several calls, the group MA market, particularly on the large scale accounts has continually become more competitive. There are several players who you know well who are pursuing these accounts. And, you know, they're obviously attractive pieces of business, their large membership, significant revenue. And you know, there are positive knock on effects as well to winning these accounts, in the local markets in which we operate with respect to providers, etcetera and visibility. And so, there's a lot of competition for these accounts. We remain very well positioned there. Our Group MA team has really been very smart about how they've underwritten these accounts. We're not going to chase accounts down to profitability levels that we don't think are sustainable. And so, we're being prudent and thoughtful as we pursue these opportunities, but again, feel very good about how we're positioned in Group MA notwithstanding the competition there. I would note one thing though, that at the smaller group account size or mid level accounts and small level accounts, the profit margins are better, and more attractive from a profitability perspective.
Bruce Broussard: We are trying to  just to add to Brian's comment, we are trying to differentiate through the service component of that and we do find as a result of employers being responsible for the selection of this. That's an important differentiation. Its not always going to win over price, but we've found a number of accounts that has won over price.
Matthew Borsch: Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks for the question. I guess, maybe just one on the headwinds and tailwind and appreciate the qualitative commentary around utilization and COVID testing and treatment. Just wanted to see if those ranges you had laid out last quarter around those headwinds are still, kind of how you're seeing the world one quarter in? And then on the tailwind side, I know you were looking at the sequestration relief of I think just one quarter, last quarter, and now with it being pushed out to the end of the year, just wanted to get your latest thoughts on how thats being contemplated within the updated guide? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Well, I would say that the ranges that we laid out in the fourth quarter call are consistent with what we're seeing today. And so we remain within those ranges. And again, that's, you know, I think, why we're comfortable, obviously reiterating the guide that we've put forward today. The sequestration clearly is positive from an earnings perspective. But I think we have to consider that in the context of the overall headwinds and tailwind that we see over the coming nine months. And so while that certainly, as we mentioned in our remarks, is a positive tailwind to offset any potential pressure that we might see over the coming months. You know, it's still very early. And so that's why we reaffirm today.
Robert Jones: Got it. Appreciate it. Best of luck, Brian.
Brian Kane: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First, let me wish Brian, good luck as he moves on. And thanks for everything over the last seven years Brian. It's been a pleasure. And then my  I wanted to follow-up based on Bob's question here, just, kind of to narrow it down a little bit, you know, my read of, kind of your updated view on 2021, is that, you know, you feel more comfortable about offsetting the headwinds that you kind of lined out in January given where trends coming in, plus that benefit of sequestration and that the remaining swing factor here, is that risk adjustment true up in June? Am I thinking about that correctly first? And then if so, any thoughts on how wide the outcome could be on that true up? And then lastly, can you tell us how you're doing with recapturing risk scores for 2022? Thanks.
Brian Kane: First of all, Justin, thank you for the comments. You know, with respect to  we'll start with risk adjustment. You know, obviously, there are ranges of outcomes, and you know, it could be material, and so, you know, I would say as we think about, you know, potential headwinds and tailwinds that is one that we're very mindful of. And it's something that, you know, as I said to the last question, the sequestration is helpful, but it's still early. And so, you know, I would say that we're sort of in similar posture as we were last quarter at this time.  There are headwinds and tailwinds that we that we look at. And we want to be, I think, pretty cautious as we head into the last five months of the year, because there's still a lot of uncertainty. And clearly, MRA is an important element of that, but there's also the claim side, which we have to see unfold over the next nine months. And we obviously have assumptions about how claims are reverting to baseline levels, which they seem to be doing, sort of in-line with largely as we expected. I would say, you know, non-patient, maybe a little bit faster, but you know, sort of in the range and inpatient in-line COVID coming down faster.  So that's obviously a positive. So, there are a few puts and takes in those numbers, but I think there's a bit of a ways to go before obviously, we're fully comfortable there. As it relates to the documentation for 2022, as I mentioned, we are feeling reasonably good about what we're seeing so far. It still is early, but the documentation codes do seem to be coming in, in a way that makes us feel good about 2022.  We've been effective in getting into the home through our in-home assessments program. We ramped those up pretty meaningfully and so that I think is a positive sign for 2022, but we also will be cautious as we price 2022 and run, you know range of scenarios to understand what the various eventualities may be on both revenue and claims as a result of the pandemic.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, Justin, maybe I can just reiterate what Brian is saying. You know, we obviously had a good quarter and I would say that we, as Brian has said, as were early into this were looking at the assumptions we made in setting out the year. And this is, you know this is a good growth year for us, which can be in excess of 15%. And we just want to make sure that we see how the rest of the year plays out more before we adjust any of our estimates there. And I think that's probably the best thing that investors should take away from, is that we still are confident in what we've put out there as an assumption side, but it's the first quarter of four quarters here.
Justin Lake: Thanks for the color.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody and best wishes, Brian as well. It's been great working with you. Just maybe I'll go and ask about the Kindred asset. You know, as you describe the way you're calculating that 11 times purchase price, I may not be thinking about it rightly, but if it's 3.2 billion of revenues, and 11 multiple that you pay, given your purchase price, it was implied, sort of operating EBITDA of about 645 million. I wondered if that was the right way to think about it. And then if you got clarity on how you're going to get rid of the hospice businesses that had open for sale, is it a spin off? And will that hospice business then be able to get back into adult home care and compete with Kindred or is there limitations on that hospice business? 
Bruce Broussard: A.J., I'll take the latter question and then Brian can just verify the multiple side. We are in the early stages of spinning it off. So there is definitely a commitment of us to spin it off. Our intentions would be to move down the road of possibly an IPO, but there's long ways between here and there and we understand that this is a great asset. As an asset it is a leading hospice asset in the marketplace. It is, you know, it's got great operations from an operating point of view, strong management team. And so, I think it is going to be an asset that is going to have a lot of interest from multiple different buyers so to speak. We haven't worked out the contractual terms of can they re-enter into the home, home business, I think even if they were to do that, it is a fragmented industry, but it is also an industry that, as you all know, because of the legalities of licensure issues and being able to get a home health license isn't the easiest thing in the world, especially both in [CLN states] and to get a Medicare reimbursement side. So, we do believe that there's various entry and just getting into the business. So, we're less worried about that.
Brian Kane: Yeah, I would say A.J. on the EBITDA that's, you're broadly thinking about it right, in terms of the numbers.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. Thanks and thanks, Brian, for all your help over the years. But I guess, I still struggle a little bit with this guidance number. You know, we were coming up with the sequestration benefit being, you know maybe as much as [$1.5 or so]. And so, I guess, this lower visibility, I guess, today than when you had, you know, last year, or we provided guidance for Q4 is a little surprising to me, it's not necessarily something that I'm hearing from the other managed care companies. I just want to hear a little bit more about why you think there is still so much, you know, lack of visibility in that number at this point, even though Q1 came in better where there was good PPD and now you've got a big sequestration tailwind, it seems like that uncertainty would have to be significant. And then if it is significant, you're still reaffirming this number as your base for thinking about 2022, you know, how can you feel comfortable that you would be able to fully reprice that into next year?
Bruce Broussard: Well, I guess there's a lot in that question. I would say first of all, in terms of our confidence for pricing next year, I mean we, as I said in my remarks, we're going to reflect any uncertainty that we see in [our bids] to ensure that there are, you know, any issues that we can contemplate here with respect to various scenarios that may play out, we would have considered in our bid. So, I think that's the first thing. So $21.50 you know, from a pricing perspective we feel very good about. We also feel good about the reiterating guidance that we provided today.  I would say, relative to perhaps some of our peers, we have a much higher concentration of Medicare revenue. And Medicare claims, which I think in many respects, particularly in the revenue side have more volatility, but on the claim side as well, you're making assumptions about how seniors who have not used the health care system for a long time, how they're going to respond to the next, you know, call back half of the year. And in that regard, we just want to, we think it's appropriate to be cautious about how they might use the system in the back half of the year, especially as we saw, again, the depressed utilization in the fourth quarter, how does that all play through. And so that's, I think, appropriate caution. As we said, the sequester benefit is beneficial for obvious reasons.  So, that is clearly a tailwind by understanding how impactful on our revenue numbers, the last fourth quarter was is still out there, in particular, because the way the mid-year payment works is it rolls forward, for the last six months of the year, in terms of how we get paid, and understanding of the documentation codes that were collected is something that we really need to understand, you know, both on existing members, as well as, frankly, new members. We get a lot of new members every year. Remember, it's not just the net growth, but it's just the number of new sales that we have. And so from that perspective, there's uncertainty there. Again, I feel pretty good about where we are today, but we don't think it would be appropriate to change our guide. The last point I'd make is, we came into the year committed to our 16% growth rate, which was above our target. And that's, you know, that's where we continue to be. We, you know versus perhaps some of our other peers, those numbers have not modified. And we obviously put out a number of ranges on a number of variables here, which, you know, are a reasonable amount of uncertainty starting from the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned that continues, but again, I think the first quarter is a good quarter, but theres still ways to go.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay great. I assume, just real quick, when you say that you'll know the number when you get the payment from CMS mid-year, does that mean with Q2 results, but you kind of have the answer, you know, the coding benefit will be know and then sequestration will come in and we would expect an updated guidance for Q2 event, is that how to think about it?
Bruce Broussard: Well, depends, I mean, possibly, I mean CMS changes, you know, each year exactly when they give the mid-year payment. My guess is, we will have visibility by the second quarter call, but there's no guarantees, but I would say most likely by the second quarter call, we will have some visibility into our mid-year MRA payment. Yes.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Thanks. Good morning. I'll echo the congratulations as well as the thanks for Brian as well. So my question is just on the segmentation, and what does it look like? What does the, you know, the segments for Humana look like if we think, you know, sort of three years out, I'm interested in both, sort of organizational operational structure of a company, but also reporting and Im really concentrating on, kind of what businesses you are going to be included in? I don't know what you'll call, sort of a non-insurance segment, it sounds like most of the branding is going towards care well, and sort of, what sort of disclosures and thoughts you guys have on that?
Bruce Broussard: Let me start and Ill ask Brian to add. You know as we are building a healthcare services division, I think [indiscernible] component, which will, you know will have  start out with our pharmacy business, which is the largest part of the business, our primary care business will be part of that. And our home health business will be part of that and then we'll have some other health care services area there over time. Those would be the three primarily large driving profitable arms of the organization there. They will serve multiple different markets. They will serve our existing members and be integrated with our existing members through technology and the service component of that. They will also serve in when in the appropriate area. Medicare fee for service areas such as direct contracting would be an example of that. And they will serve other providers, I mean, other payers, as we do today in value based payment models, and we'll take full risk. So, the opportunity we have is to take advantage of the  in the organic growth of each of those markets, to be able to then integrate those together and take advantage of offering a value-based offering two different payment mechanisms whether it's within MA to other payers or within a direct contracting area. And then in addition, it's also the opportunity for us to serve our existing members there. And so, I think you'll see the CenterWell segment the just evolving to be the  our healthcare service segment.
Josh Raskin: And are there short-term thoughts on increased disclosures or rebranding or re-segmentation?
Bruce Broussard: I think with the entree onto with Kindred, I think we will have to bring in other discussions there. And I think that probably as we close on Kindred, you'll probably see enter the 2022 you'll probably see more enhanced statistical side of the operational aspects of our healthcare service division.
Brian Kane: Yeah, and I would just add that just in terms of what we disclose today on the healthcare services side, as Bruce said, you know a lot of our revenue today is in our company because of the pharmacy segment. And obviously, CenterWell primary care has, it is a payor-agnostic business and has external revenue, which we'll see in Kindred though, because it's not like payor-agnostic, but also, obviously serves the fee-for-service program, it will be a lot of, you know, that $3.2 billion of revenue, you know a good proportion of that is obviously non- Humanas. So, you'll see more disclosures there and well provide more, you know, operating metrics around that as well. So, I think you will get enhanced disclosure. We try to be very transparent with investors in our various businesses and I think you'll continue to see that going forward.
Josh Raskin: Perfect, thanks.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: First I wanted to focus on utilization, looking specifically in the retail segment we're estimating that maybe the impact of the HIF and the net increase in [PYD] this year or maybe about the same size. And so, if I neutralize those out, your MLR on, kind of an apples to apples basis for the first quarter would have also been up about 100 basis points, is that right? And then as you think across the balance of the year, how are you thinking about utilization coming back in terms of acuity and then any permanency in terms of [sight of service] shifts and things like that that would impact intensity in medical costs as the year progresses? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Yes. So let me start with the MER question. The way I would think about it year-over-year is, we were about 110 basis points above last year. The difference in PYD was about [110 million]. Coincidentally, also 110 basis points, so call that 220. The HIF and memory, you have to tax affect it because we did give some of that back to members, it composes a good portion of that 220. And I would say, the group phenomena that we call about and the PDP mix is not insignificant in terms of impacting the MER.  So I would, if you want to do an apples to apples incurred basis, I would actually say, the MER got better year-over-year if you exclude prior periods, and you just do it on an incurred basis, other than, like I said, you know, the group MER, as we expected, and as we price for it, you know, I think that does have an impact on the overall margin in the retail segment, as I think we've discussed on the last call. With respect to your utilization bouncing back, we do assume as we mentioned that there will be  we expect to bounce back utilization, we are starting to see that, again, in-line with what we've expected, particularly on the inpatient side as more people are using the hospital facilities in particular, but they are still below par.  We do expect the utilization of the system to run at or perhaps a little bit above par as the year continues. We're not seeing increased acuity as yet, although, as I mentioned, with respect to both 2021, but also 2022, we just want to be mindful of how acuity or long haulers might play into our cost base, particularly for later this year, or next year. And so, we're definitely mindful of that, as well as any just general bounce back and utilization in the system. And then on the side of service side, we'll see where it goes.  We have seen a decline in SNF usage, and that's moved into the home, which I think also, frankly, helps validate the thesis behind the Kindred transaction, just as more and more cares is taking place into the home and as Bruce outlined in his remarks, doing everything we can to make the home a much more comprehensive setting where care can be delivered. And so, I think our belief is that will continue whether members are more shy or shy away from the institutional setting, or [Technical Difficulty] I would say that [Technical Difficulty].
Operator: Excuse me. This is the operator. I apologize, but there will be a slight delay in todays conference. Please hold and the conference will resume shortly. Thank you for your patience. [Operator Instructions]
Brian Kane: Okay. David, are you still there? We are on the call.
Dave Windley: Yes, I am still here.
Brian Kane: Sorry about that. Were in a conference room here and something just happened. We dont know what it is. So, I'm not sure where I got cut off. I heard a little beep. I think it was right around where we're talking about site of service, site of care, is that where we got cut off?
Dave Windley: Site of service. Yes, you were.
Brian Kane: Okay. I tell you, when I said it was actually very profound, so Im going to see if I can repeat it again this type with feeling. So
Dave Windley: You were on a role.
Brian Kane: Okay. Im going out with a bang here. So, on the site of service side, it's, we will see what happens in terms of whether seniors are less comfortable about using the institutional setting. We think it's possible that that could happen. It's certainly not something that we're going to underwrite in our  either assumptions this year or bid assumptions next year, but it's possible.
Amy Smith: Did you hear this missed comment? I want to make sure that when that cut off.
Dave Windley: Im sorry, what [indiscernible]?
Brian Kane: We are seeing, I think you went for the SNF comment [indiscernible] we are seeing lower skilled nursing claims and that people are using the home in that regard that validated  one of the validation points of the Kindred transaction. Hopefully you heard that part as well.
Dave Windley: Got it. Very good. Thank you. And best of luck, Brian. Thanks.
Brian Kane: Thanks, Dave. Appreciate it.
Amy Smith: Next question, please. Operator, are you on the line?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And I'll just echo my best wishes, and thanks to Brian as well. And question  I know, it's been a theme throughout the call just around some of the trends that you saw in the first quarter and then keeping the guidance unchanged, but did want to just throw in a bit to group in specialties and looks like you actually achieved considerably more earnings in the segment in the first quarter relative to the full-year, reaffirmed guidance for that segment. So, I think that in particular looks just pretty conservative right now. So, and obviously that's a segment that's not really exposed to this uncertainty around the risk adjusted dynamic in Medicare. So, just maybe a little insight into that in terms of, still just wanting to see how utilization ultimately develops or are you planning on, sort of leading into that tailwind to increase your investments within that sector?
Brian Kane: Well, thanks for the question Scott. Thanks for the comments. I mean, I think you're reading it, right. I mean, we're very, you know, pretty bullish on how group and specialty is doing this year. It is early. They do not have the same types of, you know, headwinds that Medicare does, certainly on the revenue side, but it is early. The prior year development was a positive note. The incurred results that we've seen, we feel good about.  The specialty results are also doing well, specialty, meaning dental. And I think the military business is having a good start to the year. So, really all elements of our strategy are on course, and the financial performance, I think is showing, but as you rightly point out, it's still very, very early. And so we want to see a few more quarters develop.
Scott Fidel: Got it? And Brian, just are there targeted investments that you would look to lean in on that, or is the scenario where the trends continue to look like thats where you could ultimately revise the guidance around that for the year?
Brian Kane: You know, I would say that that you're probably more leaning towards more earnings in this segment than investments. We've built in investments into our guide already. And then there are things around the edges that we would always do in a good year just to shore up the segment for future success and something that we really want to do because we think there's, we think there's really a lot of growth in this segment potential and really an opportunity to disrupt the current market as it exists. There's a lot of appetite to do that among our customer base and so we will be prudent as we look to make investments, but I think if you said there are meaningful outperformance on the earnings side, we would imagine that that would flow through.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to just flesh out the group MA commentary a little bit more hoping you could frame the magnitude of the pressure from that alone. Because if I heard right, Brian, I think you said that [core-MLR] was actually better year-over-year, so pretty sizable jump in group MA, and then it sounds like that's more of a premium issue than a cost issue. So, I guess how does that get fixed at this point? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Okay, I wouldn't have characterized it as a problem. I would just say to Matts initial question that the market is more competitive at the high-end of the range, and these are large accounts. So  and just given the high PMPM premiums, you could have pretty significant revenue dollars here at lower margins. And so, I wouldn't call it a problem. I would just say, when you look at the overall retail segment MER, I think it's important to normalize for some of the impacts there. And so, if you sort of strip that out and you look at, sort of year-over-year, I think we're  from an MER perspective in a pretty good position.  And so, I wouldn't want to quantify it specifically or meant to say, I think, you know, anything not made up by the sort of HIF, including the tax benefits, some of which we pass through, with the group MER impact because of the lower, bidding on the lower margin levels for these large accounts, as well as frankly, the continued decline of PDP, which also, as we've talked about has, you know, the way the MER dynamics works with, I think you know impacts the first quarter in a way that would also effectively more [indiscernible] to year-over-year.  So, we feel good about the year-over-year comparison, but again, I wouldn't get too, too caught off in the in the group MA, MER specifically, but rather just an overall commentary on the competitiveness in that one segment of the market. And so it's just something that we're mindful of, and we continue to be very thoughtful about how we price there.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah, hi. Good morning. So question around, sort of how you think about build versus partner, you know, at home is clearly closely aligned with telehealth and remote monitoring. So when you step back and you think about company investment that you need to make in that area, do you think that telehealth is an asset that you should buy or that's sort of something that you can partner with someone on?
Bruce Broussard: On the telehealth side, first we will [buy technology]. I think the technology side we would be leasing it or via someone who would lend it to us. We feel that that technology is frankly will be a commodity over time, so that I just want to break down the different parts of telehealth. The second aspect is from who the providers are in there and we always see there is different channels there, one of the partners and our provider value based relationships that we have.  Most of them already have telehealth and so we don't need to provide that to them. In our clinics, we today have telehealth and we are utilizing a few different technology platforms and so we are offering that and that's, you know, so we are in that business, but it's through our provider businesses. And then providers that are needing telehealth, we will partner on a [vended basis] with some technology company to offer that that's probably less than a minority part of our telehealth business.  The first two will be the majority. And so, I would answer the question, that we don't need a partner. It would be more of a vended solution to offer the technology where we will offer or our partners will offer through our contractual relationships on the provider side.
Ricky Goldwasser: And my second follow-up question is on the synergies for the acquisition, I think you talked to one of the areas is the in-sourcing, the home health episodes from other providers, I know that in a deck, you talk about 1.1 billion in spend for Humana [MA members] ended overall its kind of 19% of episodes are currently managed by Kindred and then 45% in some select market, so should we think about the opportunity of in-sourcing kind of going from 19% overall to 45%? Is that sort of a good proxy to think about that?
Bruce Broussard: I mean, that could be a proxy. I would say that we're not putting any estimates out there, but our intention is to continue to penetrate in the markets, in the markets that we operate and the nice thing about the Kindred asset is it has 65% overlap with for the organization. So, we have a lot of markets that we can go into, but your math is an estimate, but I would also just like I think  our capacity to cover that, because we're not in 100% of our markets.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yeah. Good morning, guys. And Brian, I'm excited to see where you pop-up in your next endeavor, and I want to wish you well. I guess just as we think about the Kindred and CenterWell initiative stepping back, can you guys talk about your outlook for the regulatory environment and provider risk hearing? And simplistically speaking, it seems to be a more benevolent regulatory environment than the core MA business and should create a better opportunity for returns in the [near-to-medium term method]?
Bruce Broussard : I would say from a customer point of view, the regulatory side, because just there's a significant amount of regulation around how we approach the customer and certain rules and compliance around how we service the customer. So, I would say from the insurance component, you would be right. But within each of the care models there is regulatory. I mean there is compliance regulatory, there's, you know, there's obviously licensure requirements, billing and etcetera. So, I would say and it follows a more traditional provider oriented fashion, regulatory environment. But I wouldn't say its a free reign here, I would say that it has the proper caveat around it.
George Hill: Okay.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lance Wilkes from Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Lance Wilkes: Yeah. I certainly wanted to thank Brian as well. And on the Home Health business, could you just talk a little bit about how you're looking at the home care delivery models with physicians like the Heal and Dispatch sorts of models? And would that be the sort of thing if you expanded into that that would be integrated into that business or would it be separate? And I guess, similarly, this frail, elderly, and programs like pace, kind of something you contemplate within this home health segment are those other sorts of business ones?
Bruce Broussard: The nice thing about the home channel that we're developing, they have multiple different markets to go into. They're just so  if at the appropriate time pace makes sense, and we can make that market. I think going to that market, our big focus was how do we get geographic coverage? And obviously the Kindred distribution of nurses really provides us that opportunity as serving in different markets. Where they reside in the organization today, Heal and Dispatch relationship resides within our Home Solutions Group, but it is closely aligned with both of the plan and closely aligned with our primary care strategy. Because what we find is the best solution are the ones that are integrated together where the plan is integrated with the provider side, the provider, the primary care is integrated with both going into the home, the clinics, and the home care offerings that we have. So, I would say that it does reside in the Home Solutions area, but the way we operate it is really and the goal is to have it integrated in the markets that we serve.
Lance Wilkes: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. Just curious, as part of your capital strategy around this spin off, would you contemplate placing leverage on the spin? I mean, it looks like if you're 300 and some odd million of EBITFA in the hospice side of the business, you could put quite a bit of debt or a couple of terms of debt. So, just curious your philosophy about how you would capitalize the SpinCo? And then secondly, what is it about the hospice and personal care business that makes it more suitable for a partnership arrangement as opposed to ownership, is it just geographic overlap, is it just valuation, what specifically could you say about the reason for that? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: While I take the first one, Brian can talk about the capitalization side. What we find is the palliative  the integration on palliative and hospice is very powerful and being able to offer both of those in an integrated fashion really creates the opportunity for us to partner across the hospice business as opposed to having one vendor so to speak in that. The second thing, hospice is much more fragmented than Home Health, although Home Health is quite fragmented, hospice is much more fragmented. So, our ability to offer hospice in multiple markets, you're going to have to partner anyway. And so what we we've  I think we found a very dangerous solution here where we can still be have a significant relationship with Kindred hospice through a minority ownership, and be able to then utilize that as a opportunity to integrate in the markets that they're at and integrate palliative as part of that, but still have the flexibility to offer it in a broader fashion. Obviously, as we think about where our priorities of capital and where we put capital, you know we were going to put it in the areas that had the most impact and where we can have the most opportunity for growth and we see home having a platform that has multiple different platforms to grow. And so when we think about capital deployment and efficiency of capital, I know, Frank, you've been following us a long time. I think you can say that that is a area that we're constantly looking at as not only the businesses we're in, but also how do we continue to generate above average returns, and the way where we deploy that capital as important to that.
Brian Kane: And just to add on the capital question, there's no doubt that hospice is a company that we can leverage. And so it's not something we'll disclose today, but we do intend to put that on the [hospice before] we spend it. And so stay tuned for that. You are correct.
Frank Morgan: Thank you very much and congratulations.
Brian Kane: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn back the call over to Bruce Broussard. Sir, please continue. 
Bruce Broussard: Thank you. Just to conclude the call, Id like to just make a few comments. I think first, there's been a consistent question around, you know, basically, why didn't we raise earnings to be completely honest with you, be direct here. We have had a strong first quarter, but we are early in the year. I just want to re-emphasize that we continue to see the trends that we put in the first quarter as being continuing, but we want to make sure that we are able to see those trends through a longer timeframe before we make any kind of adjustments in our estimates there. And I hope the investors take that away. It's much more around  its just earlier, as Brian has said early in the game here. The second thing as many of you have said, I thank Brian for his just wonderful contribution over the seven years he's been here and I know he'll show up some place in healthcare and I think you'll  I'm sure that each one of you will invest in what he does on his next goal there. So, because he has delivered a lot of value to our shareholders and to our members and to our associates there. And then third, the quality of our earnings, our strategic advancement this quarter and over the many quarters previous to this couldn't have been accomplished without our 50,000 associates that are working every day on behalf of each one of you, and our providers and our customers there, and I want to thank them for that. So thank you and I hope everyone has a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Humana Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] With that, I would now like to hand the conference over to Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, and please go ahead.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2020 results and our updated financial outlook for 2021. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. Additionally, we have posted supporting materials to our Investor Relations page for reference during Brian's prepared remarks. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's Web site, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our fourth quarter 2020 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note, in particular, that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the potential impacts to us of one, actions taken by federal, state, and local governments to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and in turn relax those restrictions; two, actions taken by us to expand benefits for our members and provide relief for the healthcare provider community in connection with COVID-19; three, disruptions in our ability to operate our business effectively; and four, negative pressure in economic, employment, and financial markets among others, all of which creates additional uncertainties and risks for our business. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Amy, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $18.75 for 2020, consistent with our commentary throughout the year, as expected, reflecting a loss in the fourth quarter largely driven by our investments and programs to support members, patients, employers, providers in the communities we serve. Our fourth quarter results were impacted by the continued wavier of Medicare Advantage cost sharing, including for primary care and COVID-19 treatment, delivery of meals, masks and preventative tests to our members, in-home assessments, investments in programs to assist underserved communities, and efforts to ease the financial burden for our provider partners. For the full-year, these initiatives, among others, exceeded $2 billion. Defined by the worldwide pandemic, 2020 was an unprecedented and challenging year. I'm proud of the resilience and response of our associates, putting our members', patients', and providers' holistic health at the forefront while continuing to advance our strategy. Despite the pandemic, Humana continued to accelerate on all fronts in 2020, including our short-term operating and financial performance, our ability to drive and invest in our long-term strategic objectives, and in our customer-centricity efforts. The strength of our underlying core business is compelling. In our Healthcare Service business we delivered double-digit percentage growth and adjusted EBITDA year-over-year in 2020, with our pharmacy, provider, and home business all performing well. In our pharmacy business, we processed 478 million scripts, and drove mail-order penetration up over 37% in MAPD. Today, our pharmacy business has organically grown to the fourth largest Pharmacy Benefit Manager or PBM. In our provider business, we ended the year with 156 wholly-owned primary care centers after opening 15 new centers in 2020, including expanding to Louisiana and Nevada. In addition, our Conviva primary care clinics delivered significant clinical and financial improvement as the turnaround in the business continued, including a 5% reduction in admissions per 1,000. In the home, we've made important investments in our strategy to offer primary care and post-acute services in the home through minority investments in Heal, a pioneer of in-home primary care and dispatch health, a provider of emergent in-home medical care. In addition, Kindred at Home successfully managed to transition to the new CMS payment model, while also implementing a new operating system in 2020, setting it up to drive further operating model advancement in 2021. We demonstrated in over 50,000 home episodes integrated new proactive clinical models within the nurses' workflow significantly reduces downstream emergency room visits and hospital admissions. The success of these clinical test-and-learns provides the confidence scaling these programs will provide meaningful quality and cost improvement in 2021 and beyond. We also delivered strong fundamental results in our core insurance business. While investing for the long term, we remain very focused on the consumer experience broadly across all platforms and are proud to have driven an overall 670 basis points increase in our net promoter score or NPS in 2020 with a meaningfully higher increase in our NPS for our commercial group business. We announced that 92% of our MA members are in plans rated four star or higher, leading the public traded MA companies. We ended the year with approximately $4.6 million total Medicare Advantage members, reflecting year -over-year growth of 11% fueling consolidated revenue growth of 90% in 2020. The positive momentum continued in 2021 Medicare Advantage Annual Election Period or AAEP. For the full-year, we are expecting individual MA growth of approximately 425,000 to 475,000 members or 11 to 12%. Importantly as in prior years, a robust growth is balanced across multiple MA plan types as a result of the strength of our clinical programs, provider partnerships, and distribution channels as we as our broad offerings that allow for deeper personalization to meet the member needs. In the AAEP we led the industry in each of HMO special needs plans or DSNP, and MA-only membership growth, and continue to grow our LPPO membership. We also launched Author by Humana in South Carolina in January, managing five Medicare Advantage plans with approximately 13,500 members. Author is designed to meet the emerging expectations of digital savvy seniors aging into Medicare, leveraging health coaches, digital and artificial intelligence to create a simplified and integrated experience for consumers. We plan to scale Author by delegating more MA lives over time and look forward to sharing our learnings. We continue to focus on how we can expand our presence with underserved population in effort to drive improved clinical outcomes and reduced health disparities. In Medicare Advantage we experienced industry-leading growth in DSNP in 2020, increasing DSNP membership approximately 41% year-over-year. We expect another year of robust DSNP membership growth in 2021. Our Medicaid is strategy is predicated on the core strengths of our Medicare chassis, including our clinical programs, provider relationships focused on value-based care, and commitment to investments in the communities we serve. We are able to offer states individualized approach to care that considers the physical and mental well being of beneficiaries as well as the critical social determinants that impact the population. We began serving Medicare members in Kentucky in 2020, and recently announced our entry into the South Carolina Medicaid program as well as the acquisition of iCare in Wisconsin. We firmly believe organic growth is the most efficient use of capital for our shareholders and remain committed to further organic Medicaid growth supplemented by smaller tuck-in acquisitions. We have a long history of success growing our Medicare Advantage and pharmacy businesses organically. And in just the last week, we were awarded the managed Medicare contract in Oklahoma, a state that previously did not offer managed Medicaid. I would like to thank the Medicaid team for their tireless efforts and congratulate them on these key wins. As I reflect on what we learnt from the pandemic, I am energized by the way the collective healthcare system responded to the crisis and how actions taken to combat pandemic strengthened and accelerated critical tenants of the system. As an industry in partnership with policy makers, we took deliberate and sustained actions to remove financial barriers and enhance access to care in response to the pandemic, easing some of the burden on our nation's most vulnerable population at a time when they needed most. Supported by CMS, health plans, and providers proactively address social determinants of health that exacerbated by pandemic and quickly pivoted to the telephonic and in-home care. Advancing in a matter of months what may have taken years absent the pandemic. Our combined actions underscored the strength of the Medicare Advantage program as an enduring public-private partnership that puts seniors and their holistic health at the forefront. Humana's pandemic response continues to evolve. And we are actively engaged with the Biden administration including HHS and CMS as well as state and local governments regarding our role in the vaccination process as both a primary care provider and as a health plan, representing a significant portion of the nation's most vulnerable population. As such, our role is multi-faceted. And we stand ready to assist further as the nationwide distribution progresses to later phases and more and more individuals become eligible for the vaccine. Driven by our strong care coordination capabilities, our role includes identification of eligible members utilizing our analytics, vaccination education, and concierge services, seconders reminders, and ensuring we follow up on any complications. We are also engaged in industry wide efforts to conduct vaccine surveillance, identify regions where vaccinations are lagging, and intervene to help our member's access. Vaccine by collaborating with other health insurances, we can align regionally communications efforts to educate and engage members, and reduce disparities in vaccine use across the U.S. And equity and healthcare is an area that we are particularly focused on recognizing that we must play a critical role working closely with our industry and governmental partners to address the imbalance that exists today. Data shows that Medicare Advantage is continuing to grow as the preferred option for those who are low income and for racial and ethnic minorities. Of the nearly 26 million Medicare Advantage members, there is growing diversity enrollment with more than 28% of the beneficiaries being racial and ethnic minorities as compared to 21% in traditional Medicare. This demonstrates that as we think about disparities in healthcare for underserved populations, Medicare Advantage plans are uniquely positioned to address the needs of these members. Humana is committed to leverage our business platforms to support local communities in their efforts to lower social and health disparities. This includes enhancing access to care by continuing to expand and build primary care centers in underserved markets, offering supplemental benefits including over-the-counter medication coverage, transportation, dental, and vision as well as taking a leadership role enhancing innovative solutions aimed at addressing social determinants from Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, we recently named Dr. Nwando Olayiwola to the newly created position of Senior Vice President and Chief Equity Officer effective in April of this year. Dr. Olayiwola will set direction and establish strategy to promote health equity across all Humana lines of business including our care delivery assets while working collaboratively with a broader healthcare community to advance health equity so healthcare and work better for everyone regardless of background, age, or economic status. In closing, we remain committed to public-private partnerships that are solution oriented and drive results that will meaningfully benefit the healthcare system in the coming years. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning everyone. Today, we reported full year 2020 adjusted earnings per share of $18.75 consistent with our guidance commentary throughout the year. As Bruce described in detail, despite the unique challenges we faced in 2020 due to the pandemic, our fundamentals remain very strong with the underlying core business, delivering compelling results for the full year, including a 19% increase in consolidated revenue and an 11% increase in our total Medicare advantage membership. We were also pleased to be able to maintain stable benefits and premiums for our members. Despite the return of the $1.2 billion health insurance fee or HIF, which was not deductible for tax purposes and disproportionately impacted our business relative to the competition. In addition, I would like to echo Bruce's congratulations to our Medicaid team for our recent contract awards in Oklahoma, and our announced expansion in South Carolina. These awards further demonstrate our ability to drive organic Medicaid growth and together with our Eye Care acquisition in Wisconsin expand our Medicaid presence from three states to six. I will turn now to our fourth quarter results and underlying trends, which provide important concepts for our initial 2021 guide. As expected, we reported an adjusted loss per share of $2.30 for the fourth quarter of 2020 on account of the significant investments made in all of our constituents because of the pandemic. Further as disclosed in our 8-K filed January 8, we experienced a significant increase in COVID treatment and testing costs across the nation in November and December. For full year 2020, we incurred $1.5 billion in gross COVID treatment costs, $1.3 billion of which were related to Medicare or $825 million debt of capitation to providers in risk arrangements. As a result of the dramatic increase in COVID during these months, we also experienced a decline in non-COVID utilization in the fourth quarter, particularly for Medicare as fewer people sought non-emergent care. As a result non-COVID Medicare utilization was approximately 15% below baseline in November and December after having yearly return to baseline levels in October. Overall utilization in the quarter, including COVID costs was a bit below baseline for Medicare and above for commercial, while the magnitude of these changes was unexpected. The decline in non-COVID utilization in the quarter, relative to our prior expectations, more than offset the increase in COVID treatment and testing costs. We were therefore able to increase our spending for ongoing pandemic relief efforts and investments to advance the company strategy. It is important to note that investments in the group and specialty segment in the quarter, particularly those intended to ease financial stress for providers while positioning the business for long-term success or disproportionate relative to the reduction in non-COVID utilization levels for the company's commercial group medical and specialty members significantly increasing the segment's benefit ratio. In addition, as is customary marketing costs associated with the Medicare advantage annual election period along with COVID related investments were heavily weighted to the fourth quarter in our retail segment, as reflected in our operating cost ratio. I will now speak to our expectations and related assumptions for 2021. Today we are providing adjusted EPS guidance for 2021 of $21.25 to $21.75 reflecting approximately 16% growth off of our 1850, 2020 baseline at the mid-point. While this guidance is consistent with our previous high level 2021 commentary from our third quarter earnings call, the embedded COVID assumptions and today's guidance have changed materially since that time with largely offsetting headwinds and tailwinds in revenue and benefits expense. This is consistent with our previous commentary that there are natural countervailing forces between Trencin COVID treatment costs and Trencin non-COVID utilization. Importantly, in an effort to simplify any explanations we are going to provide, we have included a slide on our investor relations Web site, which summarizes the expected full year impact of the various material headwinds and tailwinds to our guidance today, rather than discussing any incremental changes since the third quarter conference call. At the time of that call, we reflected both revenue and expense puts intakes into our high level commentary about expected 2021 financial performance. Since that time, the magnitude of the COVID related impacts have increased significantly. Therefore, as I said, we will provide full year estimates inclusive of where we stood at the time of the third quarter call. So, as to provide our investors with a comprehensive assessment of our latest estimates, I would note that this heightened level of transparency whereby we provide granular assumptions on a number of variables is necessitated by the unique uncertainties that the pandemic creates for our 2021 financial outlook. I would also note that the numbers we are providing today are for individual and group Medicare advantage only, as the net impact of a pandemic on our other lines of business is currently expected to be relatively immaterial. Additionally, it is important to note that we are providing reasonably wide ranges, given the inherent uncertainty of our estimates for each line item. And finally, so as to make it easier for investors to understand the full financial picture, all the COVID related figures we are discussing today are net numbers. After taking into account our capitation agreements in which provider groups take risk in whole or in part on the member. With that context, I will now discuss the material COVID related headwinds and tailwinds facing our Medicare business in 2021. I will begin with Medicare risk adjustment or MRA. We now expected MRA revenue headwind of approximately $700 million to $1 billion representing 1% to 1.5% of Medicare premium for the full year. As a reminder, Humana's 2021 Medicare advantage revenue is primarily driven by the risk assumed to care for our membership, established through conditions, documented by providers within the 2020 calendar year. While we know the 2021 perspective payment amounts from CMS based on diagnosis codes incurred through June of 2020 and submitted by the first Friday in September, over the coming months, these payments will be adjusted to reflect additional conditions, documented for claims incurred within the 2020 calendar year. While we estimate an accrual for the incremental revenue from anticipated submissions as the year progresses, there is a higher degree of uncertainty in our revenue projections compared to a normal year. Let me spend a few minutes addressing the drivers of this increased uncertainty. First, while we worked tirelessly throughout 2020 to ensure members had access to and were receiving the appropriate level of care, including by significantly increasing outreach and availability of in-home care and providing access to video telehealth clinician visits, the meaningful drop in non-COVID medical utilization in November and December was not expected. Those are important months as they round out our ability to drive meaningful clinical interactions with our members. And therefore the unexpected decline in utilization affected our ability to appropriate appropriately document their conditions. Second, the mix of utilization was very different in 2020 relative to prior years or example the dramatic increase in the number of telehealth visits from 2019 to 2020, although critical and allowing our members to access care while affording us the opportunity to document their conditions. Nonetheless creates greater uncertainty around the type and volume of diagnosis codes collected. Separately utilization for inpatient, and non-patient continued to increase for COVID diagnosis throughout the year. Accordingly within the mix of submissions from 2020 that drive our 2021 revenue, we also expect organic diagnosis code submissions tied to COVID claims for which we have limited visibility at this time. These are just two examples of how emerging experience in 2020 creates more uncertainty in our MRA revenue projections for 2021, because we were not able to place the same level of reliance on historical trends as compared to a normal year. I will now discuss COVID related utilization. As a general rule, we have seen an inverse relationship between COVID treatment costs and levels of non-COVID utilization. As surges in the pandemic led to less non-essential care being sought by our members, while the ratio of COVID treatment to non-COVID depressed utilization has varied to date we have seen in our Medicare book that the level of depressed utilization has more than offset the treatment costs. The shape of the COVID case curve is one of the largest drivers of these two related factors. And as such, they remain the two largest sources of uncertainty for 2021, given the unprecedented nature of the pandemic. To set a bit more context around what we are seeing currently, the COVID and non-COVID utilization trends we saw in the fourth quarter persisted throughout January. Medicare inpatient non-COVID utilization is running approximately 20% below baseline with non-inpatient reduction percentages in the low teens with a significant caveat that we have a much better view of inpatient admissions for which we receive weekly authorization data that we do for non-inpatient utilization. Importantly, the increased COVID treatment costs incurred in November and December 2020 ramped up quickly with the reduction in non-COVID utilization initially lagging that ramp as would be expected. We expect the inverse to occur in 2021 such that when COVID treatment costs begin to decline, the rate of decline will likely be steeper than the bounce back in non-COVID utilization, but gently creating a favorable impact for a more prolonged period of time. This is consistent with what we saw throughout 2020 as COVID cases ramped up and then declined in various markets. As a result, we now expect Medicare COVID treatment and testing costs of $525 million to $925 million, which when combined with the Medicare physician fee schedule increased that I will discuss in a minute represents approximately 1.9% to 3.1% of normalized Medicare claim costs. This is similar to what we experienced in 2020 and is consistent with the expectation that the pandemic will begin to subside as more people get vaccinated through the first and second quarters. In addition, subsequent to the third quarter call a net claims headwind of $175 million to $200 million resulted from the increase to the physician fee schedule rates for 2021 as part of the December stimulus bill, partially offset by a net $80 million to $90 million impact from the Medicare sequester relief extension through March 31. Our guidance today does not assume that the sequester relief will be extended for the rest of the year. Finally, for full-year 2021, we currently expect a reduction of $1.3 billion to $2 billion in Medicare non-COVID utilization, often normalized claims pattern, including lower flu costs, which are significantly reduced compared to normal seasonal patterns. This reflects overall non-COVID annual reductions of approximately 3.6% to 5.5% of a normalized claim pattern and inclusive of COVID treatment costs or reduction of approximately 1.7% to 2.4%. For full-year 2020, the all-in reduction within without COVID was approximately 5.9% and 8.6% respectively. We of course acknowledged that the ranges we are providing are wide and are a consequence of the continued heightened uncertainty surrounding the ongoing pandemic. We recognize that it will take at least several months, the both ascertained from CMS, the negative impact to our 2021 revenue growth expectations resulting from decrease utilization experienced in 2020, including in particular, the unanticipated depression and non-COVID utilization in the final two months of 2020, and to the extent to which this reduction in utilization and associated medical costs impact net of COVID related expenses persists into 2021. With respect to quarterly utilization patterns, our guidance ranges assume that we will experience non-COVID utilization levels that reflect double-digit percentage reductions to baseline levels throughout the first few months of 2021, before ramping back up and running slightly above baseline levels towards the end of the year. Similarly, we assume COVID testing and treatment costs will continue to run at the higher levels experienced in November and December in the first quarter of 2021 and trend down as the vaccine becomes more widely available in the second quarter. With that said, there are a range of potential scenarios, and we would expect any variance in our assumptions around COVID treatment costs to be more than offset by a change in non-COVID utilization. As I said before, we expect that COVID and non-COVID utilization are driven by naturally countervailing forces. Also, as a reminder, we believe capacity constraints in the healthcare system will prevent non-COVID utilization from running materially above baseline, and also limit the amount of time a modest increase above a normal baseline could continue. Therefore, given the deviation from historical patterns, we will experience in 2021 forecasting quarterly EPS splits is much more difficult than usual, but we do expect a meaningfully higher portion of our earnings coming in the first quarter than we typically see. As such, we expect the first quarter to contribute just below one-third of the annual total versus a more typical first quarter, which will contribute 800 to 1000 basis points less. As an important aside, while utilization patterns will be most significantly affected in the first quarter of the year, we expect the negative impact on revenue to be more equally split throughout the year. Now that I've walked you through the material, Medicare headwinds and tailwinds, I'm going to turn to our expected operating performance by segment. I encourage you to reference the waterfall slide provided on our investor relations Web site with the webcast materials. As outlined in the waterfall, given the pandemic, we must first reset the baseline off of which to grow 2021 adjusted EPS. As discussed previously, our starting point is $18.50, which represents the midpoint of our initial adjusted EPS guide for 2020 and effectively neutralizes for any COVID impacts throughout 2020. Importantly, we believe we struck the appropriate balance in our pricing between top and bottom line growth while investing for long-term sustainability, contemplating both the permanent repeal of the health insurance industry fee and the significant impact of a pandemic, which creates more uncertainty than we would experience in a typical year. Our 2021 consolidated revenue guidance of $80.3 billion to $81.9 billion at the book midpoint reflects year-over-year growth of approximately 8% from adjusted 2020 consolidated revenue. This growth is primarily driven by our expected 11% to 12% individual MA membership growth partially offset by anticipated declines in group MA and standalone PDP membership. The revenues also adversely impacted by the MRA headwind previously discussed as well as fewer months of sequester relief in 2021 versus 2020. Additionally, and as previously discussed, the after tax benefit of the HIF was worth approximately $2 in EPS. And we took a balanced approach and increasing our benefits to our members while providing enhanced earnings to our shareholders. We have incorporated the HIF's impact in the segment waterfall bars. In our retail segment, we are excited about the balanced Medicare growth we have seen in particularly our industry leading decent growth. Our Medicaid business also continues to perform very well. And we're excited about the opportunities ahead for this growing business. Take it together. The retail segment is expected to show strong operating improvement as demonstrated in the waterfall can contributing an incremental $1.21 to adjusted EPS. With respect to our Group and Specialty segment, while we were facing some pressures on account of the pandemic, specifically as it relates to actions by our competitors to retain membership. The business continues to execute on its growth strategy. And we are excited about the prospects for our major Medical, Specialty and Military businesses. We expect the segment to contribute approximately $0.05 of incremental adjusted EPS to the enterprise for 2021. For healthcare services, we experienced double-digit adjusted EBITDA percentage growth from 2019 to 2020 and expect high-teens growth year-over-year in 2021. Accordingly, we expect the increase in healthcare services adjusted EBITDA to contribute an incremental $1.72 to adjusted EPS. In our pharmacy business, we anticipate continuing to momentum, primarily driven by our strong Medicare advantage membership growth and continued increased Mail-Order Penetration. Likewise, our home business is anticipated to perform well led by Kindred at Home, and our wholly-owned provider businesses continue to improve core operating performance while meaningfully expanding our primary care center footprint as Bruce described. In summary, our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance of 21.25 to 21.75 reflects growth of 16% from the 18.50 baseline at the midpoint, modestly above our long-term target of 11% to 15%. Since 2017, following the termination of the Aetna merger, the company has achieved and adjusted EPS compounded annual growth rate of 16.4%, which is above the top end of our 11% to 15% long-term growth commitment we have made to our investors. While it was very early, I want to close with some preliminary thoughts on our current view of 2022. Our expectation is that 2022 will be a more normal year. And as we get into the spring and summer, we expect the vaccine to take hold and COVID utilization to decline allowing non-COVID utilization to trend back to more normal levels, enabling providers to see our members in the ordinary course and appropriately document their clinical conditions resulting in more normalized medical costs and revenue expectations for 2022. Therefore barring any major unforeseen circumstances or significant changes in the course of the pandemic, the midpoint of the 2021 adjusted EPS guidance that we provided today are 2150 is the baseline off of which investors should think about growing earnings for 2022. As we do every year, we will consider a variety of factors as we approach our bids in the spring, including any lingering impacts of the pandemic, either on revenue or utilization relative to baseline as well as other external dynamics. Before I open up the line for questions, I also wanted to announce that we plan to host an investor day on Tuesday, June 15th, 2021. Please save the date. With that, we'll open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. We have our first question from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Maybe just following up on that last point about kind of how you guys are viewing this year's guidance as a baseline, I guess when you guys submitted your bids back in June, obviously there's been some slighter changes, things like that that have happened. So, basically what you're saying is that COVID has completely offset all of the kind of external legislative changes and everything else. I just want to make sure that I'm understanding that correctly, and that I guess everything can be "Reprised," I guess I'm just struggling a little bit with $2 HIFs and how to think about that over a multi-year period, it feels like it's a relatively low net -- addition over time.
Bruce Broussard: Well, good morning, Kevin. Let me just try to provide some context on our bids and how we roll forward today. When we approached our bids in the spring and early summer this past year, we obviously knew we had a significant pandemic that we had to contend with, and we ran a host of scenarios on the revenue and the cost side to put into pricing what we felt was an appropriate adjustment. And to our certainly countervailing forces, we anticipated that there could be a revenue headwind, we ran various utilization scenarios to see whether there would be any offsets, and we put our assumption into our pricing. Rolling forward to the third quarter, when we gave guidance, obviously a lot of things by definition changed since pricing, and sort of the high level guidance we gave at the time reflected our current view of those headwinds and tailwinds that we would face. I would also remind you that as we've said multiple times throughout the year that our operators were spending a significant amount of time working to try to mitigate any of those revenue headwinds by really trying to see our members, which was really important to get into their homes, visit them either in-person or via telehealth, where we would also have the benefit of being able to document their conditions. And so, we took a really significant effort and invested a lot of dollars to be able to do that. And so, as we approached the third quarter, we understood where we were relative to those expectations and obviously updated our utilization expectations for 2021, and in that context, we provided 2021 guidance or a high-level guidance. November and December happened, a lot changed, significant decrease in utilization which was unexpected as the COVID pandemic really took off and hit levels that really exceeded any expectations and were much higher levels than were even hit in the spring and was nationwide. And so, that clearly impacted our perspective. And so, as we approached the JP Morgan conference in January, we felt it was important to get out to our investors and provide some high level commentary on what we were seeing on potential countervailing headwinds and tailwinds. And so, we've done that. Here we provided obviously a lot of granular detail on that. But, there's a lot of variation in these numbers. I mean you can see there are wide ranges. And we've deliberately provided those wide ranges. We think what's on this page is obviously reasonable. There's nothing that we're seeing that suggest that these numbers aren't reasonable. But where we fall in these ranges on all these variables matters a lot, and that's something obviously that we're going to continue to watch closely, and as appropriate, we would update investors on that. But, I would just say as we said in our remarks that 2021 has heightened uncertainty relative to what we thought coming into the year, and to your question on the HIF, we actually feel we achieved an appropriate balance between giving dollars back to our members through higher benefits, which we did, and giving higher EPS growth to our shareholders where we're exceeding our typical 11% to 15% growth and at our midpoint -- not withstanding all the COVID headwinds and tailwinds, we're still able to guide to a midpoint that's above that range. So, we think we've achieved the right balance. There's no doubt that 2021 has a heightened level of uncertainty and we're going to be monitoring it very closely and keep you updated, which is why we've also I think anchored investors on 2022 with the hope and expectation that that will be a much more normal year.
Brian Kane: Kevin, just to add a little bit on the HIF side, our historical practice has been passing the pre-tax onto our members, both the cost and the benefit [indiscernible] come and gone during the year. So, this past bid season was very consistent with what we've done on the pre-tax side and then the post-tax side, the tax benefit and we've always tried to be fair as -- to both our members and shareholders, and we've typically divided that 50-50 both on the cost side and on the benefit side there. So, I think what we've done this year is pretty consistent from our historical treatment of the HIF.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question, comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi, good morning, and thank you for all the details. Just a couple of questions of clarification, when we think about your guidance and sort of the balance, the cadence between first-half and second-half, what are the embedded assumptions for return of utilization for the Medicare population versus baseline, or at least what is the range? And then secondly, when we think about 2022, to your point, we want to anchor in 2022 off that starting point of 2150, but when you think about the 2021 COVID-related headwinds, can you maybe help us quantify what is reasonable for us to back out of the 2021 numbers that we think for more normalized 2022? I think they're truly one-time in nature.
Brian Kane: Yes. Well, let me start with utilization patterns and then try to address 2022 recognizing we just gave 2021 guidance. So, we're not going to provide a lot of details on 2022 obviously. With respect to the utilization patterns, as we mentioned in our remarks, we expect the first quarter to see the most depressed utilization and certainly the highest COVID treatment costs. And so those, as I mentioned, offset one another, but again, we expect that the most sort of utilization depression will occur in the first quarter. We expect the utilization to remain depressed in the second quarter, although not as much, and then we expect it to ramp up more towards normal than a bit above normal as we approach the back-half of the year and the end of the year. So that's how we're broadly thinking about it, which we think is consistent with what we're seeing with the vaccinations, and the progress there. That impacts 2022 -- it's really hard to give specifics at this point. Again, we'll have to decide when we get to the spring what's appropriate to reflect in our bids. We'll be very mindful of what we're seeing in terms of headwinds and tailwinds with respect to COVID and revenue and utilization like we were this year. But beyond that, I wouldn't want to comment other than to say will you think 2150 is a reasonable baseline off of which to think about 2022 without providing any more specifics beyond that today?
Amy Smith: Next question please.
Operator: We have our next question, comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. So, I know you guys have spoken in the past about new members and MA coming in at higher MLRs in that first year. Could you just give us a sense as to what the typical first-year MLR looks like for an MA member and then this inability to risk-code, is that affecting new lines at all or is that really just an existing book that typically sees the revenue improvement, and then apologies, but I just -- clearing, I know 2022 isn't -- we're not looking for guidance here, but is it correct to think that there'll be kind of a bullish of premium benefit. You'll have all of the older members that have been with you for a couple of years that get coded correctly as well as the new cohort in 2021. Is that a fair way to think about the MRA benefit in 2022?
Brian Kane: Yes. Good morning, Josh. So, the way I would think about it, rather than focusing on MERs, I'd rather just focus on pre-tax as what we've discussed in the past. I think it's fair to say that new members tend to be breakeven, [indiscernible] a little bit better -- out of the gate, but not a lot of profitability in the first year. Certainly as we get to the second and third year, we start getting to more of our normalized margins as we're able to document our members' conditions and also get them in our clinical programs. And that really hasn't changed. I think that's consistent with what we've seen, and certainly that's what we typically plan for in our bids. Without providing too much detail on 2022, I think it's fair to say that you might see effectively a catch-up in 2022. So, any MRA revenue headwind we've seen in 2022, which is a function of -- from our existing membership base. So remember, it's not just the members that we've had, but it's also the new members that we got, particularly if they were in other Medicare plans. So if they were a switcher they would also have sort of -- we'd have less of their documentation than normal for the same reasons, because our competitors weren't able to get those conditions documented either. And so you will see sort of in the -- for us the 2021 cohorts as well as, frankly, some of our other cohorts where we weren't able to re-document their conditions, you will see a more of a sort of an increase in 2022. And that will be something that we plan for in our bid as we figure out what percent of normal do we expect to be for 2022 based on 2021 utilization. Hopefully that was clear.
Josh Raskin: Yes, perfect. No, perfect, thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Okay, thanks, Josh.
Operator: We have our next question, comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to go back and understand the assumptions on the core again, or the non-COVID utilization. I think in the slide it said minus 3.6 to minus 5.5. Sounded like that was off of a 2021 normalized baseline. Just wanted to make sure that's right. And I guess I'd be helpful to understand what you normally assume for utilization increases or maybe even just how it compares to 2019? And then it sounds like the first quarter is running down 20% on the non-COVID, did I hear that right? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Yes. So, Ralph, so we don't -- we're not going to give you specific sort of utilization assumptions, that -- that we're very transparent but we can't be that transparent on some of our quarter stuff on that regard. But I would just say as it relates to utilization, we've been thoughtful about sort of normalized trends, and then think about what the impact might be when we did our pricing for 2021 on all these various variables that we've talked about. Really what we mean by normalized baseline is just actually really straightforward, which is to say if you were -- if just stripped out COVID entirely what would the claims assumption be based on sort of the normal inflators we would use from 2021 over 2020. And so whatever sort of secular trends and other things that we billed in, trend benders and other things, we get to sort of a net trend ex-COVID. And that's where the baseline, just to give you a -- make it easier for you to compare relative to, say, a 2020 ex-COVID what the baseline reduction is. And that's why I try to say ex-COVID for Medicare, call it 8.5%-8.6% down for 2020 relative to the 3.6% to 5.5% that we guide today. So again, we think that number is reasonable. Again, we could be wrong. That's -- there's a wide range here. And again, as I just emphasized, that there is more uncertainty around this 2021 number than we would typically have, because when we formulate those trend assumptions that you're asking about we have a lot of historical experience, we have hundreds of actuaries, very smart people working on our trend assumptions. It's something that we think we're very good at and ensuring we bake in the appropriate levels of potential trend variances, we're dealing here in a whole new world with the pandemic, where we have no historical experience. And so that's created some of the challenges in our forecasting.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Just to drill down a little bit on the '21 outlook. So, you've had the COVID testing and treatment headwind is substantially less than the tailwind for as far as COVID utilization, but you're talking about the interplay there. And I think in the prepared remarks you said as the vaccine gets widely disseminated you'd expect the COVID testing and treatment to come off quicker than the utilization of non-COVID to come back, so longwinded setting stage for the question. So if you -- if the vaccine gets widely distributed quicker than you think or later than you think does that move the assumptions around within the range or could that throw you outside the range? And I guess I'd also ask, and you've talked a lot about the investments that you made this year. I know a lot of that investment was just giving help to your constituents. But does that give you any flexibility within this guidance range because you pulled forward investments in 2020 that would have otherwise could have happened in '21. How much flexibility does that give you in your range?
Brian Kane: Good morning, A.J. I would say on the first question, there's a lag really because as people are not for seeing their doctor and going to the hospital, they're not able to schedule the surgeries, for example, it just takes time for the system to ramp back up. So there's just sort of a natural trail off that just given the volumes we're talking about, they're not insignificant. And it's one of the reasons why we had the tailwinds we had in 2020 was that delay. It just takes time to get the gears cranking again. And they will crank again, and we certainly forecast that. But there is that delay. To the extent the vaccine rolls out more slowly or there's a variant in the virus that we've heard, and that they're not as effective, that for sure can affect our ranges here. We try to capture what we think are reasonable ranges based on today's sets of facts and circumstances. To the extent those facts and circumstances change, it's conceivable that some of these sorts of COVID treatment versus non-COVID costs effect of the impacted; again it's likely that because there's that inverse correlation it will offset one another. Although in the Medicare business it tends to lead to a tailwind, as we've mentioned. Commercial business is not as clear. Back -- as we mentioned in the fourth quarter, we are running a little bit above par all-in. But for the Medicare business we were below. The investments, to your question there, we really, I would say, pulled all those out for 2021, so there's really not any additional flexibility there. We were very clear to confine those investments to 2020. And we've described, we benefit all of our constituents, and really gave back a lot of those dollars, which was important to do, but that was not baked in, in any way, into our 2021 pricing or to our guide.
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We have our next question, comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks for the question. And maybe just to go back to the MRA headwind. I know it's a tricky thing to get your arms around, but maybe just more of a tactical question. If you are in fact expecting non-COVID utilization to be down again because of -- obviously because of COVID, obviously the risk adjustment was an issue coming into this year. I guess just tactically speaking, what thing specifically are you thinking about doing differently in '21 as it relates to getting the appropriate risk coding given that there's probably going to be a similar dynamic at least for part of the year that made it a challenge coming into this year? Just curious of there's a different approach maybe you're taking or more aggressive approach you're taking this year as it relates to risk coding?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, Brian, I'll take that, and to give you a little break. Just on the -- really, the third and fourth quarter were fairly aggressive in trying to ensure that our members were utilizing the health system, and in addition that we were being able to provide in-home assessments, and other areas where documentation was appropriate. And I would say we would continue to carry that forward in the first part of this year, and continuing throughout the year, because I would -- we did re-address where we're at, and began to really become aggressive and use all availability. I do believe the biggest area that we are challenged with is just the normal course of people not using the healthcare system. We are very active, both with our value-based providers, and in addition with our outbound engagement with our members to ensure that they are going to the physician office or are utilizing the healthcare system. We'll continue to do that. We have a team of people that are focused on this every day to try to really help, whether it's lining up transportation, to the ability for us to provide telehealth to them, to the ability to have an in-home assessment. And I really would say we'll just continue to do what we did the third, fourth quarter. But getting people into the healthcare system is our biggest, both, opportunity and challenge. And as the healthcare system readjusts itself to really treating COVID and the social isolation becomes more and more of an issue, and more markets are spiking, that really gives us the largest challenge, I think. If it was just COVID-related and it was fairly stable in the marketplace we would be able to navigate through this really affected national programs we have.
Brian Kane: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Good morning. Just a couple of questions here on numbers, first you've given us a lot of detail here. Can you tell us what the total Medicare risk adjustment impact was for 2021 on gross basis meaning how big of an impact is it to your yields overall? And what do you expect your yields to be for 2021 on a year-over-year basis, and then just on Medicare Advantage margins looks like your retail margins were about 3% in within guidance? Can you confirm that's kind of where you expect individual Medicare Advantage margins to be in 2021? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Justin. So on the MRA side, what we're showing here, effectively is the total headwind net of mitigation. And so as Bruce just described, we did a lot to really try to get our members into the healthcare system and make sure we can see them. And so this is the sort of the full headwind that we currently face and again, we want to be very transparent. But this is net of our mitigation efforts. As it relates to yields, we typically don't as you know guide the PMPMs, but just to help you out, I would say, is sort of flat, maybe modestly up is the way I would describe our individual MA PMPM expectations, and we'll see where that ultimately goes. But there are a lot of things that impact that Justin, as you know, obviously, MRA is one of them, the rate notices and other sequester is another remember this fewer months of sequester relief this year, business mix is a very significant and driver, because there are pretty disparate rates around the country. So depending on where you grow, that can impact it. So there are a host of things that impact yields. But it's a fair question and understand where you're going. Now, I would be disappointed if you didn't ask us about the margin question. So I'm glad you took the opportunity. And I know it's a fair question. I think it's important when you look at the overall retail margin is to remember that there are multiple businesses inside the retail segment. First off, the margin has been impacted by the hits and the fact that it was non-deductible. So there's a lot of geography going on there. And certainly, we thought about aftertax, we sort of managed the pretax but think about the aftertax impact as we thought about our pricing, et cetera. As we just discussed, we balance giving back some of the tax benefit both to our members in the form of higher benefits, as well as to our shareholders. So there're some geography issues that will impact and depress the margin. There also as we've discussed on the PDP side, lot of the margin has come out of that product. And in fact, most of the margin today, if not all the margin today is in the pharmacy for us. We've talked about how that product has become much more of a commodity product that at these levels of premium, it's hard to make money on the insurance side. And so we're doing nicely on the pharmacy side. And so we want to, we'll continue to be aggressive in this business. And as Bruce commented in his remarks, our mail order penetration continues to reach very, very high levels both on the MA side, but also on the PDP side, so -- but again, that's a geography issues as you think about individual MA margins, you need to take that into account. Also, just to be transparent here, your group MA has seen some margin impacts from some of the larger accounts that have been shifting back and forth between major competitors there, when there's margin in those accounts, when they get re-bid, sometimes takes a few years to recover that margin, and so, that that's also driving some of the impact there too. So it is for sure the case that we are below our 4.5% to 5% target, I would say we're reasonably below that target. We're committed to that over the longer-term to get back to that 4.5% to 5% but I would just say there are a lot of things impacting that number. And there's a lot of sort of variables embedded in that retail overall guides that you're looking at.
Amy Smith: Thank you, next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lance Wilkes from Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes, can you talk a little bit about the investments in provider assets in particular was interested in what we're seeing as far as in a large differential and growth rate differential for members and lines of business that are value based care partner or owned primary care assets? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take that. We see great results in the primary care clinics, both the ones we own and the affiliated ones. We would see and we've showed a slide on a number of years as physicians continue to evolve deeper value based relationship model, we see superior performance and star scores, typically greater than four to four and a half, we see great MLR, significantly below what the average is in the industry. And we also see a great Net Promoter Score. All that combined, that's why you see us aggressively pursuing both our affiliated relationships and in addition, building our primary care clinics to place our members in those clinics. The challenge with the clinic side is just their organic, there's not enough capacity in the marketplace to fill the demand. So you see a lot of startup clinics from a startup point of view being invested in to build a capacity there. And so for us for more capacity constraint as opposed to for our growth, our growth traditionally has been at equal to and greater than what you see in the traditional 10% to 12% growth that you've seen over the last few years in these clinics and getting more and more members in those clinics. And I think you'll see that growth is accelerating as the capacity becomes more and more available for us. On the value based provider side of the business outside of the ones that are clinic oriented, we continue to see really, really great good results from that, those results are a little less than the clinic results we see. Good star scores received, and four and above, and we see good Net Promoter scores, but it does not compare to the outcomes that we see in the clinic side.
Lance Wilkes: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask just about maybe an update on how you're thinking about some of the puts and takes with the ESRD coverage expansion that played out. And obviously, that was already one of the big changes for MA in 2021 before COVID kicked in. So just interested maybe first if you can, if you have an estimate of how much your MA membership for ESRD actually changed for 2021. And then as we think about the impacts of the pandemic on that population, and then try to overlay that into the rates that you have, how you're thinking about sort of the overall margin profile expectations that you have for that population now versus pre-pandemic? Thanks.
Brian Kane: I'm happy to start, and Bruce can color on any of the strategic side here, but I would say just from a share numbers perspective, we got about call it 10,000 or so plus or minus lives from ESRD in the ADP, which puts us to around 29,000, 30,000 members, which was really right in line with our expectations, what we expect is as we've said, for a number of quarters here, we think it's going to take several years to get up to the Medicare Advantage penetration, we think that that continues to be the case. And so, I got to say right in line with our expectations. These are not profitable members, I think over time, as we continue to manage them and work with partners and really try to get them before they get the ESRD and slow their disease progression. We think there're real opportunities to drive profitability, but I would say we're getting to the point where it's more or less breakeven, as opposed to having any meaningful losses on these members. But Bruce, I don't know if you want to add anything on that.
Bruce Broussard: I'd just add, Scott I know this was a active conversation for us in 2020, and how we were going to deal with it and I really have to take my hats off to the team and how they've been able to really develop some deep partnerships with the two major dialysis providers and really be able to evolve relationships to a Value Based Payment Model that shares the risk and that that has helped us in being able to effectively manage the clinical side of this and the cost side, on the clinical side of ESRD. And then the second thing is we continue to invest in innovative models both around the coordination of care, and then also where the care is provided. And those two strategies really have given us more confidence in the ability to manage these patients. As Brian said, the patients will continue to be costly and continue to be no margin or very, very low margin business for us going forward. So again, I think we're in a great shape from where we were a year-ago. And we began talking about this. And as Brian also said, we do see this will be years in the making to see the penetration to the average penetration of MA overall.
Scott Fidel: And, Bruce, do you think that the pandemic itself has much impact on this population? I know that some of the providers here at talk, given some updates recently, just thinking about that population as it relates to pandemic itself?
Bruce Broussard: Typical to any vulnerable population, whether it's ESRD or other chronic conditions, you do have a higher likelihood of having a more severe cases in those populations, and for us, we are very active in managing the populations that have those as vulnerable condition. So I would say they're different than the average population because of their conditions. But they're not different than our other chronic members, and how we effectively reach out to them and manage them. And they are reflected obviously and the results that Brian was talking about in our and where we look at COVID being more costly in our forecast.
Scott Fidel: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch: Yes, thank you. Maybe I could ask about on Medicaid, what you are assuming, or how you were thinking about the Medicaid rate process, given the action states took in the second-half of last year. And then maybe also, what you're assuming on the resumption of re-determinations, if you can just address that?
Bruce Broussard: Sure, I'm happy to take that. So just on the rate side, we're waiting to see in our major states are Kentucky and Florida. I think we expect some rate adjustments, and we're waiting to see and we surely bake what our expectations might be into our Medicaid budget. And so we're waiting to see the impact there. With respect to re-determinations, you see, we've got a pretty wide guidance range on Medicaid membership. Effectively, the assumption is, the public health emergency ends in April, will if that happens, then we expect to lose some lives because we saw a nice increase this past year, but as the re-determinations happen, that will cause the membership to decline. And so, I would say that's sort of our base case expectation, as we think about our overall guidance and revenue, et cetera. To the extent that the public health emergency is extended, re-determinations don't happen, that will cause the increase in membership to continue, which again, I think would be relatively immaterial to the overall enterprise. But would cause us to have a higher membership at the end of the year and that, of course, excludes anything from South Carolina or Oklahoma, which will kick in later this year. And our guide excludes that.
Matthew Borsch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning. So maybe just a question for Bruce, just on the COVID cost risk, as you do think about your ability to control the medical costs in '21 versus 2020, specifically for COVID. Has there been any evolution on the provider side for '21 where value based providers that wanted to go at risk for any sort of episodic bundled payments related with patients, or is that not really evolved? And if not, are there any other evolving payment arrangements that providers you can talk about specifically tied to COVID, that's different for '21 versus '20? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, good question. We don't have a bundled type of payment model for COVID. I mean, we have many bundles and other conditions but not for COVID. And we haven't seen that really any uptake with physicians on that. Keep in mind that a lot of the COVID cost is on a DRG basis and incorporated into DRG side, the testing is something of a lesser, lesser magnitude here. So going at risk for that, I think is fairly small and material kind. I think, to broaden your question a little bit, what we do see is that when we do have value-based relationships, the proactiveness of really helping the member in this time is so important for us, especially as you think about downstream costs and other conditions that could occur if not properly maintained and traded. So to answer your question, Oh, we don't say much in COVID bundling and a type of payment, but we do see very different proactive care models and our value-based payment relationships in this time especially with the more vulnerable populations.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yes, good morning guys and thanks for taking the question, Bruce. I just wanted to circle back and make sure I heard you right to say it's a pharmacy Mail Penetration was 37%. Was that for the quarter or for the year? I assume it was for the quarter. And I guess is it your expectation that kind of comes down a bit, as things returned to normal and would love to hear you talk a little bit more about the strategies that you guys have used to drive Mail Penetration to such a high level.
Bruce Broussard: Okay, great. Yes, that's right. That is actually for the year. We did see an increase in Mail Penetration as we looked in the early part of the COVID pandemic. We saw it in March and April timeframe as people were really concerned about the lockdown that was happening and therefore were taking 90-day prescriptions and really utilizing the Mail-Order along with the fact that they couldn't get to the drug stores, if they were normal users and became more active users of the Mail-Order. But we have seen is as a result of the convenience of Mail-Order and really, I would say, as a result of our service improvements, you've seen more and more people really converting to Mail-Order as a result of that. So the pandemic we have seen as it helped educate individuals are the benefit of Mail-Order and the ability to continue to utilize it on an ongoing basis, as opposed to just through the pandemic and some of the shutdown periods. So we look at it as first as of as early an accelerator for us. And then the second thing is that we have a very active investment going in and to making it much more consumer-friendly on the Mail-Order side all the way from the digital platforms that are being used to the turnaround time of delivery to be able to ensure that we can meet the expectations and the changing expectations of customers today on when they expect deliveries to happen. And I would say that our goal is to really grow the penetration of Mail-Order in our existing book of business. You ask why sort of high penetration, I would say has been a very concentrated effort by our management team and really all the way from our service centers on the insurance side to our providers, that we have relationships with our Specialty pharmacy area of continuing to remind our members of the benefits of the Mail-Order. And that continued use throughout the organization of bringing the Mail-Order conversation then at the appropriate period of time as really assisted in us being able to increase that, right from the -- much different rate isn't the average in the industry to really a superior rate that you see demand of having
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about telehealth, Bruce, you've mentioned it a couple of times during the call. How has Humana incentivizing telehealth? How are you looking at it as a facilitator to know whether it's the primary care effort that you're putting forth home health and extension there, yes, I'm just wondering where are you using it aggressively and how are you incentivizing and reimbursing its use?
Bruce Broussard: We're big believers in telehealth for all the way from the convenience of the member to really being able to have a channel that is actively engaging with the member of time -- especially the more vulnerable members that transportation is always a limiter for them. Answer to your question about how do we incentivize them? We're really doing it on two sides. First on, we did carry over the zero copay this year to telehealth and carried that on going forward. And then, the second thing that we've also done is we continue to pay equal to our providers a visit versus a telehealth visit. Both of those have been, I think, reducing the barriers and really creating as you said some incentives to use telehealth. We really have a few different strategies of using telehealth. I mean one is around really helping our providers if they don't have telehealth and providing them some technology that that would offer them to utilize it. That's a small need for external providers as they evolve -- become very acquainted with telehealth and being able to use it. Our internal -- our own providers we offer them very sophisticated telehealth platform that they can outreach on the telehealth side. And then the third area that we look at is continuing to work with hospital system, especially in the specialty area where we can have an outreach where specialists might be in short supply in certain markets and being able to offer that at a convenience in the local marketplace. So we do see to help members, I mean help providers, but more importantly we do see as partnering with especially the hospital systems that offer specialty in remote areas.
Dave Windley: Can I clarify real quickly, is that reimbursement a parody? Is that in your commercial book as well as Medicare?
Bruce Broussard: I don't know if we're different. Amy, are we giving the different payment by the different divisions. I don't think we're providing that. I would just say in general. I know in general we're providing, but I wouldn't want to get into the specifics too.
Dave Windley: Okay. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: I think the section is also is -- if it's in the office that -- we can follow-up, but to the office we're doing full reimbursement. If it's not, then it gets more of a reduced rate, but we can get you all the details.
Dave Windley: Yes, that's great. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Thanks for all the color. I just want to maybe just go back big picture just for a second. Brian you had talked about a lot of the MRA COVID-related headwinds normalizing as you move into 2022 using the 2150 it has a jumping off point. So when we think about 22' given, we've got an early and known final rate notice above historic rate increase. Is there any reason from this distance that we shouldn't be thinking about the long-term 11% to 15% growth, also that 2150 in 2022?
Brian Kane: Well, again, I really don't want to be giving guidance on this call for 2022. I would say it's a highest level, certainly our goal is to deliver that 11% to 15% growth. And that's a long-term growth rate and sometimes we're above, there have been times when we've been below, but certainly our goal is to hit the 11% to 15%. And we always have to take the facts and circumstances at the time when we price. So hopefully that -- [multiple speakers]
Gary Taylor: Right, understood. I know it's a way off just thinking about from where we are at this distance, but I appreciate the comment. Thanks.
Brian Kane: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Charles Rhyee: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up about telehealth. I think in the prepared comments, you spoke about how documentation with using telehealth creates some uncertainty around coding. I think later on Bruce you've talked about number one issue is trying to get people back into the healthcare system itself. It sounds like is there a disconnect then that when telehealth is used to accurately kind of code people to understand sort of their actual health status and is that a fundamental problem with the way telehealth is set up today? I know on just the previous question you talked about how you're trying to incentivize your or all providers to use it. Is this an integration issue or is this an issue itself that how telehealth is being deployed?
Bruce Broussard: It's really more on the member side, what we find first telehealth, if you use the audio and video today can support documentation. So that is possible and regulatorily came into place the latter part of last year. So it is a way to be able to bring documentation. The problem is that what we see is once there's, when someone uses telehealth, they then use it more frequently. And so, we see a significant use of telehealth, but the members that are using it are more contained, I should say are more refined. And it's not across all our membership. So we could see a significant increase in telehealth, but that increase in telehealth will be over confined membership base, as opposed to across our membership base. And that really comes to one of the barriers we're working with in the communities we serve is that not everyone access. Either shows comfortable with telehealth as a result of some of the technology limitations there or just needs to be educated more they might have the technology, but it might not be integrated. And that's where we see a lot of work needs to be had is the ability for a telehealth to be used in a more broad membership base as opposed to the narrow our membership base that it has today.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, if I could follow-up, does that mean when you guys talked earlier then about going into 2021. Is it that just the usage of telehealth itself, you're uncertain whether the coding that you're -- the documentation that you're getting is going to persist at that kind of level, was that -- [multiple speakers]
Bruce Broussard: Brian can add to this, but the really the telehealth is let me give you an example. We have members today that are using telehealth. We are receiving documentation from the -- on those members. The next visit could be a telehealth visit. And therefore it's not going to improve our documentation any better. We would love to see another member that, that isn't been documented as being able to receive telehealth, but they're not comfortable with using telehealth for whatever reasons I attributed to. So our penetration is more in a narrow our membership base. We are working hard to try to broaden that, but there's a lot of barriers that require that whether it's access to the technology itself or the ability to educate people on how to use telehealth. And that's really what we're talking about. It's a barrier, because it is narrowing the membership that we only are penetrating the smaller membership for documentation.
Charles Rhyee: Great, thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Welcome.
Operator: And we have no questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Bruce Broussard. Sir, please go ahead.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thanks everyone. Again, we continue to thank you for your support and especially in this time of complexity and through the pandemic and through 2021. As you can see the organization is performing quite well at all levels strategically from our consumer point of view and from our financial performance there, and as we in 2020, I think it's a great thank you to our 50,000 employees that have been dedicated to really delivering these results on behalf of all our constituencies. So thank you again, and I hope everyone is safe and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Humana Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Amy Smith: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2020 results and our updated financial outlook for 2020. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our third quarter 2020 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note in particular that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the potential impacts to us of one, actions taken by federal, state and local governments to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and in turn relax those restrictions; two, actions taken by us to expand benefits for our members and provide relief for the healthcare provider community in connection with COVID-19; and three, disruptions in our ability to operate our business effectively; four, negative pressure in economic, employment and financial markets among others, all of which creates additional uncertainties and risks for our business. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that todays discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Managements explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, Ill turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Amy and good morning and thank you for joining us. I want to begin by thanking our associates from proactively reaching out to check on our members, making sure they have access to care and medications, to showing up on members' doorsteps for delivery of much needed food.  Our associates continue to go above and beyond to meet the needs of our members and providers. Our team's discipline and continued focus on quality is evident in Humana's recently announced Star ratings, again, putting us in a leadership position among our peers. A key tenet of the MA program, the Star rating system incentivizes plans to focus on quality in both care and the consumer experience, driving improved clinical outcomes. Plans then invest the Stars bonus dollars and additional benefits, improved care and better member experiences. We are proud that approximately 4.1 million or 92% of our MA members are currently enrolled in plans rated 4 stars or higher. For 3 straight years, our CarePlus MA plan in Florida, which covers more than 164,000 members, received a 5-star rating. In addition, more than 99% of our retirees and our group MA plans remain in contracts rated 4 stars and above. These outstanding results are a testament to our associates' commitment to building trust with our customers through simple, personalized and empathetic experiences. It is what we call human care. You have probably seen our new human care ads. Human Care is more than an ad campaign. It is a strategy for how we run the company, centering on holistic care that addresses our members', most important health care needs. Our newest ad stresses the importance of continuing to take care of your health during the pandemic and how Humana is making it easier for members to seek care safely. This is one of several messages to our members, encouraging them to continue to engage with their doctors for managing their ongoing health conditions. As you know, Humana in partnership with CMS was among the first in the industry to quickly implement benefit changes for Medicare Advantage members that remove financial barriers, improved access to care and address social determinants of health needs during the pandemic. I've described over the past few earnings calls, many of our initiatives to support our members, providers and associates. So I won't repeat them. However, as the pandemic progresses, our actions will continue to evolve to meet the changing needs of our constituents. For example, the pandemic has highlighted the importance of social needs, such as social interaction. In response to this need, Humana extended the program. A program that matches college students with members identified as lonely or severely lonely into several South Florida communities. I'd like to share a story about Otis, a Humana member. While registering Otis for the PAPA program, the case manager noticed that was Otis' birthday and began singing happy birthday to him over the phone. Otis was overcome with a motion, noting it had been years since someone had even wished him a happy birthday. His reaction impacted his case managers so much that she reached out to PAPA's Corporate team and Humana, who immediately took action and had a birthday cake delivered to Otis' home. Sometimes the smallest action can make a big difference in someone's life. Programs like Papa are an important element in addressing the holistic needs of our members. As we look forward to 2021, we are able to provide stable or enhanced benefit for most of our members with plans that continue to reflect our commitment to their holistic health. Our strong clinical and quality programs drive improved clinical outcomes and cost savings that allow Humana MA plans to invest and expand member benefits beyond those covered by original Medicare Part A and B, including supplemental benefits like dental, vision, hearing, coverage, prescription drug benefits and gym membership as well as programs that address social determinant health needs like the Papa platform. For 2021, all Humana MAPD members will enjoy a number of benefits including the zero telehealth co-pays for primary care physician visits, urgent care and outpatient behavioral health, zero co-pays for COVID-19 testing and treatment and 14 days of home delivered meals for members with COVID diagnosis and a health essential kit with useful item for preventing the spread of COVID-19 and other viruses like the flu. Other 2021 plans and highlights include nearly 60% of our members will be in plans that offer care coordination services and enhanced benefits not offered under original Medicare for zero member paid premium. Primary care co-pays of $20 or less for approximately 93% of our members, including nearly 60% with zero co-pay. An insulin savings program included on approximately half of our Humana's MAPD plans and a third of our PDP plans. Members will pay no more than $35 for a 30-day supply of select insulins. In addition, eligible Humana Medicare Advantage members who need help remaining independent at-home have access to their own personal care manager through Humana at-home. We are pleased that for 2021, Humana and MAPD plans are all recommended by USAA, a company known for its customer satisfaction and commitment to the financial security of current and former members of the U.S. military. Our ability to offer enhanced benefits relative to original Medicare is due in large part to our chronic condition management programs and our focus on value-based care. The Medicare Advantage program incentivizes a holistic focus on health and because of this offers an opportunity for private organizations like Humana to partner with providers on value-based care models, customized to meet both the unique dynamics of the local market and the risk tolerance of a given provider. This ability to customize is key to driving deeper and faster adoption of health-based care models and together with our industry peers, we are structurally changing the health care system. Approximately two-thirds of Humana's individual Medicare Advantage members are care for by providers in value based arrangements. With just under one-third in full risk arrangements where the provider is responsible for the entirety of the members care for a capitated payment. We are pleased that approximately 86% of our value-based care partners are in surplus, demonstrating the success of driving improved clinical outcomes in these models. Our annual value-based care report for 2020 included several key findings based on 2019 experience. Humana Medicare Advantage members under the current care of physicians and value-based arrangements would have incurred an additional $4 billion in planned covered medical expenses have they been under Medicare fee-for-service. Prevention screenings, improved medication adherence and effective management of patient treatment plants all contributed to creating these reductions. Humana Medicare Advantage members served by physicians and value-based arrangements had a 29.2% lower rate of hospital admissions and a 10.3% less emergency room visits when compared with original Medicare. Physicians in value-based arrangements with Humana with 2016 through 2018 had an average of 4.44 HEDIS star score at the end of 2018, compared to 3.1 for physicians in non-value based arrangements. Our deep value-based contracting experience positions us well to participate in other value-based care models, including the new direct contracting program. Initially, we intend for both our health plan and primary care assets to participate as direct contracting entities on a limited basis. We are working very closely with CMS as they are still a number of points of clarification needed before the programs begin in 2021. While we believe this could be an interesting opportunity to take on original Medicare fee-for-service members, we do not expect our participation to have a material impact on our results or operations for 2021 as we will employ a test and learn approach to implementing and evaluating the direct contracting program. Before turning the call over to Brian, I want to touch on our stand-alone Medicare Part D or PDP offerings for 2021. As we've discussed the last couple of years, PDP plans have become a commodity with low price leader essentially capturing all of the growth. As a result, after our meaningful PDP membership losses in 2019, we made significant changes to our portfolio for 2020, combining two plans to create space to offer a new low premium plan co-branded with Walmart. This low premium plan was the most competitively price plan in the majority of our regions and grew substantially by adding almost one million members. For 2021, the PDP industry remains extremely competitive with multiple carriers offering low premium plans. We've taken a disciplined approach to pricing, balancing membership growth and the overall impact to the enterprise. As a result, the Walmart value plan will not be the lowest cost leader in 2021, but is priced in a similar range to other low premium plans with competitive benefits. However, one plan sponsor is an outlier with an offering priced well below the rest of the market. While we once again anticipate the overall PDP market will shrink in 2021, as seniors increasingly choose Medicare Advantage plans with prescription drug coverage. We expect PDP to continue making meaningful contributions to the overall enterprise, with high mail order pharmacy utilization and more PDP members converting to MAPD over time. Our premium plan will include the new senior savings model demonstration, where members can get certain insulins at a maximum monthly cost of $35. In addition, all of three PDP plans have expanded preferred network pharmacies to improve member access, convenience and options to reduce their out-of-pocket costs. Despite our enhanced offerings, the very competitive price marketplace will be a headwind for the PDP membership again in 2021, as Brian will discuss in his remarks. Turning to the importance of the day. I would be remiss if I didn't encourage everyone, if they have not already done so, to get out and exercise their civic duty to vote on this election day. Regardless of the outcome of the election, Humana is committed to public-private partnerships that are solution-oriented and drive results that will meaningfully benefit the healthcare system in the coming years. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. I would first like to begin by also thanking our associates. Several years ago, we made the Medicare Stars program an enterprise-wide priority and everyone across the organization rose to the challenge. As a result of these efforts, for the third year in a row, we led our peers, with 92% of our Medicare Advantage members in four-star or higher plans. This great accomplishment gives us the ability to invest in enhanced benefits for our members and offer compelling Medicare Advantage products to drive continued membership growth. Turning to our financial results. Today, we reported third quarter adjusted EPS of $3.08. These results were impacted by increasing utilization compared to last quarter, COVID-19 testing and treatment costs and the financial impact of the company's ongoing crisis relief efforts. As I will discuss in a moment, we continue to expect our results for the second half of 2020, including an anticipated loss in the fourth quarter to entirely offset the significant outperformance experienced in the first half of the year that resulted from historically low medical utilization levels. We continue to see non-COVID medical utilization trending slightly below normal, all in, though well above the trough levels experienced at the end of March and early April. In September and October, medical utilization was running at approximately 95% of pre-COVID expectations, with inpatient running a bit higher and outpatient and physician running a bit lower. With the number of COVID cases again increasing throughout the country, we continue to expect non-COVID Medicare medical utilization to remain modestly below pre-COVID expectations through the end of 2020. From a business line perspective, we have seen non-COVID utilization recover a bit more quickly in our Group and Specialty segment as compared to a slower rebound for our senior and Medicaid members. Regarding COVID utilization, we have seen an increase relative to our previous expectations, with per member treatment costs also higher than anticipated for both our Medicare and commercial products. As a result, we now expect COVID testing and treatment costs to approach $1 billion in 2020. From a pharmacy standpoint, scripts volume has largely leveled out, and we continue to expect pharmacy utilization to net out close to normal levels for the full year with early refills seen in the first and second quarters, representing more of a pull-forward within the year rather than a run rate change. However, we are seeing more new starts. And as I said last quarter, the increased number of members utilizing Humana's mail order pharmacy is expected to persist as those members continue to use the service, which benefits not only healthcare services through higher EBITDA, but also the health plan as mail order generally results in better medication adherence. As we have indicated since the beginning of the pandemic, we fully expect that any impact we experienced from lower medical utilization, will be entirely offset by the support we provide for our members, providers, employer groups, and the communities that we serve. Given that the lower than previously expected utilization we are experiencing is largely offset by higher COVID testing and treatment costs. We expect our levels of support of approximately $2 billion to remain largely the same as previously communicated for the full year. Accordingly, in the fourth quarter, we expect to record a loss of approximately $2.40 on an adjusted EPS basis and are tightening our full year 2020 EPS guidance to a range of $18.50 to $18.75, still within our initial guidance expectations prior to COVID. As I reminded investors last quarter, historically, our fourth quarter EPS contribution is always the lowest and in 2020, as expected, the fourth quarter will be impacted by the continued support for our constituents, which is more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter, along with the impact of increasing COVID-19 testing and treatment costs and rebounding utilization levels. As a result, we expect our fourth quarter consolidated medical expense ratio to be at least 300 basis points higher than our third quarter 2020 ratio, with the Retail segment sequential increase modestly lower and the Group and Specialty segment sequential increase meaningfully higher than the consolidated increase. The sequential increase in the Group and Specialty segment benefit ratio reflects both a seasonally adjusted higher MER as well as a disproportionate investment in this segment in the fourth quarter relative to non-COVID utilization levels. Moving to operating costs, as I described last quarter, we are making significant investments in our Medicare distribution channels, including equipping and training brokers so that they can interact with consumers telephonically and digitally as well as increasing the marketing dollars we provide to our distribution partners for the AEP. As you know, these marketing costs are heavily weighted to the back half of the year, primarily the fourth quarter. These costs, along with our previously announced contribution to the Humana foundation and other COVID-related costs to support our associates to enable them to work virtually in response to the pandemic are now estimated to be higher than the estimate we provided last quarter. Consequently, we now expect the full year consolidated operating ratio to be approximately 120 basis points higher than our pre-COVID expectations. The modest increase over last quarter is primarily due to an increase in the investments in our Medicare distribution channel. Turning to membership. We are increasing our full year expected individual Medicare Advantage membership growth to approximately 375,000 members from the previous range of 330,000 to 360, 000 members, representing expected year-over-year growth of approximately 10%, in part reflecting continued compelling D-SNP sales. As of September 30, our D-SNP membership had grown to approximately 391,000 members, a net increase of approximately 103,000 lives or 36% from December 31, 2019. Additionally, MA new sales and terms more broadly have returned to more normal levels as the year has progressed after being reduced by the pandemic. Furthermore, today, we are modestly improving our Medicare standalone PDP membership outlook for full year 2020, primarily due to the extension of the grace period for nonpayment of premium. We now expect to lose approximately 500,000 members as opposed to our previous estimate of 550,000 members. Accordingly, previously expected membership losses in 2020, due to nonpayment will likely occur in 2021. With respect to Medicaid, September 30 membership of approximately 730,000, increased over 261,000 members or 56% from December 31, 2019, primarily reflecting the transition of the risk for the Kentucky contract from CareSource as of January 1, as well as additional enrollment, particularly in Florida, resulting from the current economic downturn driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. In our Group and Specialty segment, we are tracking the challenging economic environment, especially for small business, although medical membership declines on account of COVID have been less severe to date than we anticipated. Lastly in our Healthcare Services segment, adjusted EBITDA increased 27% year-to-date, primarily fueled by operational improvements in our Conviva assets, and overall lower utilization in our provider businesses as a result of COVID-19, along with higher pharmacy earnings as a result of Medicare Advantage membership growth, partially offset by the anticipated PDP membership declines. These improvements were partially offset by administrative costs related to COVID, including expenses associated with additional safety measures, taken for our provider and clinical teams who have continued to provide services throughout the pandemic, along with additional costs in the company's pharmacy operations to ensure the timely delivery of prescriptions during the crisis. Regarding Kindred at Home, you'll recall we mentioned on our first quarter earnings call that new home health admissions have been adversely impacted by COVID. As the year has progressed, volumes have stabilized, and early signs of a rebound in demand are beginning to materialize. Further, the company has been able to offset these initial challenges with strong clinical and overhead cost controls across the organization. In our provider business, our clinic expansion continues, and we are on pace to double our partners in primary care footprint through our partnership with Wells Carson over the next few years. Despite the challenges of COVID, in the last 45 days, we have opened 5 of 8 planned clinics in Las Vegas, with the remainder to be opened later this year and early first quarter and further deepened our footprint in Houston, opening 5 additional centers with 2 more expected to open by the end of 2020. Including Conviva, by the end of the first quarter next year, we will operate approximately 160 clinics under these 2 brands. Turning to 2021. As Bruce described in his remarks, we are pleased to be able to offer stable or increasing benefits for most of our individual Medicare Advantage members due in large part to the permanent removal of the health insurance industry fee. Based on what we're seeing early in the ongoing annual election period, we expect to grow our individual MA membership by 350,000 to 400,000 members in 2021. This represents growth of approximately 9% to 10%, which is at or a bit above our view of 2021 individual MA membership growth for the industry. However, the number we are providing today could change materially depending on how sales develop and where voluntary terminations ultimately come in. As is typical, we have very little membership termination data at this point in the AEP cycle. With respect to Group Medicare Advantage, as we have previously stated, growth can vary widely from year-to-year based on the pipeline of opportunities, particularly large accounts going out to bid. We have experienced compelling group MA growth the last couple of years, with particularly robust growth in 2020 and including winning a large account from a competitor. As we look ahead to 2021, large group accounts, particularly jumbo accounts, continue to be competitive. While we expect nice membership growth in the small and mid-market group segments, we are seeing some membership pressure in the large group MA space for 2021, where we have both won and lost contracts. Accordingly, net-net, we expect our group MA membership to decline by approximately 45,000 members in 2021. Regarding PDP, as Bruce described in his remarks, the Walmart value plan will not be the low-cost leader in 2021, but is priced in a similar range to other low premium plans with competitive benefits. However, one plan sponsor is an outlier with an offering priced well below the rest of the market  Based on what we've experienced in the annual election period-to-date, we expect a net decline in PDP membership of approximately 350,000 members in 2021, which includes membership losses that were originally anticipated in 2020 that have been deferred to 2021, as I previously described. However, we were caution that we are still early in the AEP. I will now briefly turn to our expected 2021 financial performance. From an earnings perspective, we believe we have struck the appropriate balance between membership and earnings growth while continuing to invest in our integrated model to create long-term sustainability. Given our balanced approach and taking into account the permanent removal of the health insurance industry fee, which was not deductible for tax purposes, we expect the midpoint of our initial guide for 2021 adjusted EPS to be modestly above our long-term EPS growth rate of 11% to 15% off of a baseline of $18.50, the midpoint of our initial adjusted EPS guide for 2020. Given the pandemic, we are mindful of the uncertainty it has created and acknowledge there are multiple moving pieces that will impact our estimates, including our per member per month revenue, which is determined by our final 2020 risk scores as well as the impact from COVID treatment cost and non-COVID utilization levels as we enter 2021. Accordingly, our adjusted EPS estimate will evolve as visibility increases around the expected duration and severity of the pandemic. We look forward to providing more specifics on our fourth quarter earnings call in early February. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Amy Smith: Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. You may now asked your questions.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the question. I guess, Brian, maybe just to go back to the initial view on 2021, very helpful to have the starting point. You mentioned the half, could you maybe share a little bit more on how you're thinking about reinvesting versus letting some of the hip drop through? And then just any other major moving pieces that you would highlight as far as headwinds and tailwinds. I know it's a tricky year with COVID. But any other major moving swing factors that we should be considering as we think about that initial look at 2021?
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Good morning. With respect to the HIP, as I said in my remarks, we really tried to take a balanced approach and just to frame it, the HIP were to be in place for 2021 would be about $2.50. When you actually roll forward from 2020 to 2021, it's about $2, just the way the math works. And I would say, of the $2, as you guys think about your roll forward from 2020 to 2021, we have given back a portion of that to shareholders and a portion to our members. I'd rather not parse out exactly how much, but I would just say, of the $2 roll forward from 2020 to 2021, we've taken a balanced approach in that respect. And that's why, as we said, we would be modestly above -- at the midpoint, modestly above the 11% to 15% range. With respect to other headwinds and tailwinds, I think the material ones really relate to COVID. We're still working through the impact on our revenue for Medicare risk adjustment. As I think investors know, our 2021 revenue is dependent on the risk in place we have for 2020. And so it's predicated, at least in part on our members, seeing the doctor and entering the medical system to the extent that's below normal, that could have an impact on revenue. As we've mentioned multiple times, we're doing a number of things to get to our members and ensure they have the right clinical needs taken care of as well as in that process, ensure that we're collecting the appropriate documentation code. So we're working through that. Obviously, COVID treatment cost is a wildcard as our COVID non-utilization. As we said in our remarks, utilization non-COVID related on the Medicare side remains a bit below normal, and we'll see how that tracks forward. But I would say those are really the major headwinds and tailwinds that we're focused on.
Robert Jones: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. You may now ask your question.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, great. Thanks. When I was looking at the growth this year, really surprised by the D-SNP growth. Just wanted to see if you felt like that was coming in -- well, obviously, it's hard to tell with COVID, but just where I see outsized growth. Always wonder about how you feel about the underwriting of that business. And then also, what do you expect to see similar type growth into 2021?
Brian Kane: Yeah. I think we feel pretty good about the D-SNP growth. I mean, I think the retail team has done a tremendous job really identifying this opportunity, developing a product design that really appeals to these members and then our sales team, marketing team going out and really finding these members and getting them to buy Humana. So we're very excited about the growth we've achieved. And I would say, our footprint, relative to a few of our competitors is actually smaller. And so, we've been seeing really great growth in our markets, particularly when you adjust for the fact that we're in fewer markets. And so, we're excited to continue to grow that product and expand the footprint, which we'll do. We feel good about how we're positioned for D-SNP growth in 2021, and we're going to continue to go after that product. I would say, from a financial perspective, as we've always said, this is -- these members are riding on our strikes, so because they allow us to manage their clinical conditions and we get paid because of those clinical conditions and higher per member per month revenue number. And so, it's a very attractive segment and it's one that we're going to continue to pursue.
Bruce Broussard: Just Kevin, on that, I think, what we're experiencing, a lot of the plan itself is an important part of that, the basic medical plan. But we're also finding the additional benefits we offer around that really supports some of the social determinants and lifestyle issues, where we're finding really, really strong demand for. And as Brian indicated, this is sort of our strike zone and a lot of the work that we've done, both on social and determinant side, our pharmacy medication adherence. And some of the over-the-counter benefits we offer.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Rhyee with Cowen. You may now ask your question.
Charles Rhyee: Yes. Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe, if I could follow-up about D-SNP. Brian, am I right to think that the -- if you get a member that migrates maybe from one of your Medicaid plans into D-SNP plan, that is also a Humana plan, that member comes into a higher-margin, because you're already managing that patient across both programs. And so, then -- and if that's correct, I mean, is there a -- are you having success in getting members who might have been in one of your Medicaid programs to go into one of your D-SNP plan?
Brian Kane: Yes. No, it's a fair question, Charles. Good morning. Our biggest opportunity is, obviously, Florida on that side, and the team has done a really nice job identifying the D-SNP members where we have some of the Medicaid plans in place and trying to convert them to a D-SNP plan. I would say, yes. I would say, it's more on the margin at this point in terms of sort of the incremental benefit that we get, because of the fact that they're already in our Medicaid -- and are a Medicaid member. But the opportunity, as we continue to expand our Medicaid footprint, which we are committed to doing, identifying those D-SNP members or decent opportunities from our Medicaid population and then trying to get them to have a more -- much more coordinated experience through a D-SNP opportunity, is something we're very focused on. And so, we do consider that an opportunity. And I think over time, you'll see us talk about that more.
Charles Rhyee: And if I could just follow-up real quick then. If we think about the margin profile then for these new D-SNP members, if they're coming kind of de novo, do they come in at a higher cost initially? And maybe, are they more profitable down the road at sort of a run rate? Maybe just compared to maybe your typical MA retail member? Thanks.
Brian Kane: I would say that they are more profitable when they come in initially than a traditional Medicare member. As you know, in our non-D-SNP, typically members when they initially come in, they're more breakeven. You have a high selling cost. They're not in our clinical programs. Depending where they come from, they're not documented in the same way. And so, it takes several years to get them up to our margin. I would say, D-SNP is on a steeper path there, where they come in a little bit more profitable, but then really take off as they get into our programs and through the things that we do to drive performance and outcomes. So, like I said, it's a very attractive opportunity for us.
Bruce Broussard: And Charles, the other thing that we experienced on the D-SNP side is that their revenue or cost of medical side as much as usually higher than a typical individual MA member. And so as we think about the profitability, it's as much about the margin as it is about the contribution dollars.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may now ask your question.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. If I remember correctly, you indicated coming into 2020 that your individual Medicare Advantage margin target coming into the year was about 4%. And given you're reinvesting the HIP tax benefit into the business here for 2021, by my math, your margin target might be closer to 3.5% for next year in individual and Medicare Advantage. So first, just wanted to understand, am I in the right ballpark without getting too specific? And if so, can you talk about the potential path investors should think about sort of getting back to your 4.5% to 5% target going forward. Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning Justin. So, on the margin side, look, without giving specifics, I think broadly, the way you're thinking about it is right, which is to say where the dollars show up, whether it's sort of pretax or after-tax because of the impact of the HIP can change the geography a bit and so we are below our target. We recognize that. It's something that we intend to march back towards our target of the 4. 5% to 5% is something that as an organization we're committed to. Every year, we try to balance growth and margin and really EPS growth. I would say, as you've heard me say multiple times, a margin is an input, not an output, though it's an important input. But ultimately, we want to achieve that 11% to 15 bottom-line EPS growth while also having a very attractive topline by growing membership. And so we're going to continue to strike that balance. Margin is a really important input. And I would imagine, over time, we'll continue to bounce back to our targets, which we have in the past. I mean we've had a couple of years where we've been above our target. So, we just had a lot of variability over the last number of years with tax reform and the HIP coming in and out. It's created a lot of distortions on that margin line, as you know.
Justin Lake: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. You may now ask your question.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Interested if you can give us any early sense on how the mix of your individual MA sales by distribution channel will evolve in 2021 versus 2020 when thinking about traditional sort of physical agent sales versus digital versus telephonic. Obviously, COVID having a lot of impact on that, but I know that you've also been implementing a variety of strategies to the digital and telephonic side, so interested in how that mix will look to ship for 2021?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. For a number of reasons, all the way from COVID and the impact of being able to get into individuals' homes and to community programs, combined with just they're growing use. We're seeing the telephonic continue to be a channel that is growing and being an active part of that, both inside our organization and the dedicated telephonic program that we have with our agents, combined with the external partners that we've created over the last number of years. And we find that to be actually a great response to the COVID side where if we didn't have those channels, I think we would be in a much more difficult circumstance. So to answer your question, we're seeing continued growth there. It is at the expense of the face-to-face and the internal career channel. But it's -- I think it's both timely and much more convenient for us. We are also seeing -- although a small part of our channel and increasing use in the digital side. And I think this year, in preparation for COVID, the company invested significantly in making it easier from a member, not only in the experience to sign up, but in addition to be able to analyze and understand what plans they want. And it's really an opportunity for us to use both the digital and the phone as a complementary mechanism to combat any kind of face-to-face that we can do today.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Tanal with SVB Leering. You may ask your question.
Stephen Tanal: Good morning guys. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to ask how you guys are thinking about the puts and takes inside of the 4Q outlook. So specifically wondering if it try to sort of parse out the impact of the force you're providing for members sort of the direct or discretionary elements of the plan? And then the OCR side, I guess more on a full year basis, the 120 basis point increase versus starting point for the guidance, I think that's worth about $900 million. Wondering if you could give us a sense for how much of that reflects the reinvestment in the business and how much of that may be, the increase in marketing dollars for the distribution partners that you guys called out?
Brian Kane: Without getting too specific and too granular, overall, we're committed to the, call it, $2 billion of support that we've provided to our various constituents. Included in some of those numbers is some of the investment we're providing to our distribution partners, which is important there. And so I would say, we've been largely weighted towards our customers and towards our providers but also focused on investing in our business to make sure that we're set up for a strong future. And that would include, given the challenges of the environment of the migration from face-to-face sales to telephonic sales, we wanted to ensure that our partners are fully equipped to face that. And so we have invested in that channel. We have seen an increase in COVID treatment costs, as I mentioned in my remarks, but we've also really seen that the non-COVID utilization persist below par, particularly for Medicare, longer than expectations. And so I would say, broadly, that's just -- that's really an offset to one another. Some of the tranche spending is really more of a migration between MER and operating cost ratios. There's not a lot of switch in the overall spending is sort of the allocations that we've done. And what we've seen as some of our programs have developed. So hopefully, that gives you some color of the puts and takes.
Stephen Tanal: Yes. That's helpful. And maybe if I could just sneak 1 more in on the reinvestment of the HIF, obviously, a big number of $7 pretax, $2 nontax deductibility going away. It sounds like you've reinvested north of $7. So wondering, is the Part D senior savings model a part of that, just the funding for the $35 cap on and so we did notice premiums went up there, but I wonder how that gets funded? Thank you Brian.
Brian Kane: Sure. All the dollars goes into the mix. So implicitly, yes. I mean, anytime -- any product that has HIF payment on it, there's a benefit for the HIF going away. So implicitly, yes, it just goes into the pot of our various expenditures. And so we obviously have to figure out a way the pay for the insulin benefit, we thought it's the right thing to do. And so we rolled that out, a number of our Medicare Advantage programs as well as our enhanced second enhanced plan on the PDP side. And so that's part of the mix.
Stephen Tanal: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. You may now ask your question.
Matthew Borsch: Hi. So I try to pick up on the last question with Steve. So are you saying that the magnitude of the change in out-of-pocket costs that we may have calculated when the MA products were first unveiled ahead of open enrollment. It is about right, have had some communication. I know with Amy on that trying to figure out what's driving that. Sorry, let me be  it looks quite a bit more than we've seen in quite a bit more than the HIP would suggest. And we've been  yes. Still a little bit puzzled there.
Brian Kane: Yes. No, it's a fair question. Some of the way that on the website that some of these benefits were portrayed, I think was a little confusing for folks. I would just say that we've been  we try to be very thoughtful in this crisis and recognize our members are going through a lot, and the HIP has certainly helped finance a really nice increase in benefits for a number of folks. And as Bruce said in his remarks, almost all of our members are either stable or up. And so as is always the case, there are some markets where we invest more, some markets where we invest less. But I would say that HIP was an important part of the financing of those benefits. But not as extreme as what might have been portrayed on the website there. So  but still, I think, a compelling benefit package.
Matthew Borsch: All right. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: And Matt, I would just really emphasize, as we look at our calculations of total actuarial value. We are  I think our changes are fairly similar to our competitors.
Matthew Borsch: Okay.
Bruce Broussard: So I think there's  every year, there's some that are more aggressive and others that are less aggressive. I would say that we're sort of in the mid-tier there and not out there.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. No, actually, we didn't see any  we didn't see you as an outlier. So  but that's very helpful. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, okay, thanks.
Amy Smith: Yes. I would just add that I believe Plan Finder is intended to be for members to use to compare plans, and so they make changes some years in the way they value benefits and do calculations, and so it's not really intended to be year-over-year. And I think that's where some of the complexity comes in.
Matthew Borsch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. You may ask your question.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Can you speak more specifically to the benefits broadly of having these capitated physician groups and sort of what works best for Humana and how you're trying to grow that in the context of your path to risk strategy?
Bruce Broussard: Sure. I'll start, and Brian can add to it. I think, first, just in general, we find really, really great outcomes with relationships and value-based relationships. And I would sort of say, but we also see each local market different. And one of the reasons we see the programs that come out of Medicare that are sort of standard that don't get the adoption because they're not being customized to the risk tolerance and to the needs of the provider in the local markets. So first, I would say that our program is really oriented to the risk tolerance and the local dynamics there. And so that gives us this path to risk concept where you see this  that we'll have some upside participation with little downside, all the way to some down and some upside to full risk there and the provider can take the journey along with us. We do find that it's unlike the 1990s, at a time where risk became sort of popular that you just sort of in the contract and you walk away. It's much different now where there's a lot of support provided. And our support is technology-wise, it's also providing from a human resource perspective. And then in addition, the ability to help manage, including putting social workers and coordinators in their offices. Our hope that we continue to move more and more of our members to risk providers. You've seen it stayed in the mid-60s, but that's not because more members are going in this, because every year we grow, and we got to get more in there. So as we're stable, we're basically putting all the members that were growing into the program, which considerable success. What you do see in this year that we're quite proud of is that people that are -- providers that are in the program are actually now is profitable for them. 87% are in surplus. So that means that they're making more money than they would in the fee-for-service side. And that's a great opportunity for them. And so we see the program continuing to demonstrate value. We continue to see the program being able to devote from a member point of view, demonstrate value from the provider point of view in the special way through the support. We do continue to also want to grow the value base from us building our clinics and our home health side. So you see the primary care, the partners in primary care product and the Conviva product, along with some of our home solutions moving more and more to value-based payment models that are really oriented to the ability to do it, whether we do it internally with our providers or externally through our partnerships there.
Josh Raskin: And just to follow-up on that, the financial implications for Humana, is it fair to say that you're seeing now a differentiated financial result for the health plan side of things as well?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. I would -- yes, very much so. And I would say that when we think about the value-based side, the -- it's not only the value from a financial point of view, but it's the stars outcomes that you see happening. It's the retention that you see with the member there that has the longer term lifetime value. So yes, the plan is seeing significant benefit from this, and we feel it's the best health care to be provided in the system today.
Josh Raskin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. You may now ask your question.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Just quick clarification on the initial 2021 commentary, I think you said modestly above the high end of the 11% to 15%, not modestly above the midpoint of the range. Just want to clarify that. And then in the press release, you noted the commercial segment utilization returned faster. Any reasons why MA wouldn't just be a lag? And then what about acuity, we've certainly seen the providers cited and then given your population base, how concerning is that acuity factor going into next year? And how can you factor that in or manage it? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: All right. Ralph, morning. I will try to take these in order here. As it relates to the guidance, we expect the midpoint of our guide to be modestly above the 15%, so modestly above the 11%, 15%, so above -- modestly above the high end. On the sort of commercial versus Medicare, I think that's right. I think, we would expect that seniors will be slower to return to the medical system than the commercial members, just for obvious reasons. And so, it doesn't surprise us that we see a little bit of a disparity there. And we expect that to continue. Obviously, once the vaccine happens, we'll see where that goes. Our expectation at that point is that seniors will be more comfortable reentering the medical system. And I would just say that, we are very much encouraging our seniors to get the care that they need, which is why we're doing all the reach out programs that we've talked about. With respect to acuity, we are seeing higher per member costs, particularly on the COVID side. Obviously, there's the 20% premium that gets paid on the Medicare side. So any time there's a COVID flag and a COVID code, there's a 20% premium on the entire DRG. And so that does result in higher acuity. And so, we're very mindful of that, and that's something that we've obviously baked into our expectations. What we haven't seen, which is something that we've been clearly very focused on is, the health of our members deteriorating. That's something that our teams monitor very closely. We haven't seen a meaningful impact there as yet. Obviously, we're hopeful that we can get back to normal to make sure that our members get the care that they need. But that's why we've been so proactive in that outreach.
Ralph Jacobi: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from A.J. Rice with Crdit Suisse. Your may now ask your question.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Id say, I appreciate the comments about the competitive landscape around the PDP and also your comments about the landscape files. I guess, I'm just thinking about, as you're -- now that the plans are all out there, you can assess them, and it's hard sometimes to assess competitively one MA claim from another, because there's a subtlety to it. You've got a lot of incremental variables for next year that I don't know whether you think these are huge or they're more modest, the potential of a vaccine, the therapeutics, the ongoing testing, the potential for further deferrals, the potential for pent-up demand. Can you give us a little flavor for how you approach those issues in setting your plan structures for next year? And are you seeing any -- when you look at the competitive environment, any outliers that you would highlight as you did on the PDP side that would make the market more disruptive? And then, maybe, another twist on that is, your HIP comments about the tax benefit, some of that being 'reinvested'. Is some of that just holding that in your back pocket, because you've got more variability about how these things might shake out, so that if that ends up getting eaten up in some of these factors, you're still delivering what you set out to deliver.
Brian Kane: Good morning, A.J. As we always try to do, we try to be prudent and thoughtful and balanced about how we set our financial targets. I would say, with respect to the benefits, as Bruce said, we feel good about how we're positioned relative to our competitors. People clearly invested, largely; some pulled back. But most people did invest, which was our expectation. So from that perspective, I think, as reflected in our membership guidance. We feel good about how we're positioned there. The financial side is clearly more tricky. I mean, there's no doubt about it. There always are a lot of variables as we try to predict various claims, trends and revenue trends. But with COVID, on top of that, that adds additional complexity. I would just say, again, we try to incorporate all the potential variables that exist on account of COVID and non-COVID and try to blend that into both our initial pricing in the bids back in June. And then, now as we roll it forward, as we gave a high-level financial guidance today, it reflects what we know. We did point out, and I would want to reemphasize the fact that there is still a lot of uncertainty and variability as we go into next year. And clearly, we would update you with any thoughts we have on the fourth quarter call with respect to 2021 financial guidance.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi. Good morning. So first of all, just following up on clearly, there's a lot of variability into next year. But just to clarify, with your early guidance as you think about utilization, are you assuming that utilization is going to be backed to baseline or above? And my second question is around PDP. You mentioned a couple of times on the call the structural shift of PDP lives to the MA product. So, as you think about this shift longer term, is there a point where you think that you reach sort of a balance or do you expect ultimately that entire benefit to be integrated? Thank you.
Brian Kane: On the utilization side, I'd rather not give specifics. Clearly, there are countervailing forces, so to speak. So, as a vaccine comes into play and our expectation around the vaccine for Medicare will be covered by CMS. So, that's not an expense that we're worried about. But clearly, to the extent the vaccine gets implemented, that would impact non-COVID utilization, meaning that people will be more comfortable answering the system, but treatment costs would go down. And so there's a natural push and pull there that we're focused on. And without giving any specifics I would just tell you that we've -- and we always do run various scenarios and sort of various things can happen with respect to the vaccine and otherwise, how people reenter the medical system. And I would just say we've incorporated those various scenarios into our financial plan. And again, I would just reemphasize, there's also the question around Medicare Advantage revenue coming into 2021. Where do we end the year in 2020 with respect to the documentation that's so important. On the PDP side to MA, I think, as Bruce said in his remarks, I think -- we do think that there is a shift moving to MA. We believe it provides a more comprehensive product, not only on the benefit side. So, you get your -- generally most plans are MA/PD. You have PD as part of MA. So, you get your drug benefit many, many times for free because it's zero premium, but you also get a host of other benefits that Bruce walked through in his remarks. But importantly, we also, as an organization, provide significant care coordination and other support in the member's journey beyond just the financial benefit that MA provides relative to PDP. If you're a standalone PDP member, even if you have a med sub product to cover some of the financial cost sharing, you're still not -- you're not getting called. You're not getting meal sent to your home. You're not getting the clinical support that Humana provides to our members. And we think that's also a differentiating element of the product. And consequently, we think more and more people are going to migrate to Medicare Advantages we've seen.
Bruce Broussard: With the Medicare Advantage penetration just continuing to increase and the growth is greater than the demographic growth, I mean it's just a natural aspect that you have a declining part of the business. And as Brian articulated, the value proposition in MA as a result of companies like Humana is really increasing, whether you look at the value proposition in the 0 premium plans and where we are today to care coordination to the social determinants of health, and it's a great example of how we're taking the inefficiencies of the health care system and reinvesting them into programs that are continuing to and improve the outcome, the health outcomes of the individual and also the system.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. You may ask your question
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning Bruce and Brian. Thanks for taking the question. So the initial outlook for individual MA membership gains for '21, obviously, looks pretty positive. Just regarding that from the data we attained, it looks like the company has made a fairly balanced push forward on the number of plans with 0 premium offerings on both the HMO and PPO side. But it seems that some of your competitors have made an even bigger push on the PPO side for next year. So just curious if you can just give us a little more color on how you're thinking about the competitive landscape in individual MA considering HMO versus PPO offerings, and then now your expected membership gains skewed more heavily around that one way or the other for 2021.
Bruce Broussard: I'll start and then just ask Brian and Brian can add on. We have been out of all the plans, I think our growth has been the most balanced between HMO and PPO. You've seen the organization, whether it's geographic concentration to product concentration, continue to be able to have that balance. And we don't see next year being any -- we continue to really find the opportunity to have our members attributed to a physician and be able to be in the HMO that allows them to get that dedicated care that we've highlighted in the value-based side. And at the same time, we have the care coordination capabilities that allow people to be in a broader platform like Humana at Home, in our chronic care and all the technology that we are able to help find those interventions that are important and how people navigate through the health care system. So out of all the companies, and obviously, we're biased, but we feel very, very prepared in being able to serve the need of our member, whether they want to be in an HMO, we get much more effective benefits or they want the freedom and a variety of a care model within a PPO side. And so we're able to do that offer that. I would say that we are much, as Brian has articulated, much more balanced in the way we offer that in the marketplace. We know some of our competitors have grown based on that product, much more than we have. We've over the last few years, have added, but I would say that we'll continue to -- that will be one product, but it's not going to be the primary product that we grow in and you will see that it is one of many products. And I would just continue to say that we look at opportunity to serve the market base in a much more broader fashion than relying on one product to grow. Brian, I don't know if you have anything.
Brian Kane: I think it's a perfect answer. I agree.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. You may ask your question.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. My question is around capital deployment. You have not been very active on share repurchase this year. I can't recall if it was ever officially suspended or just sort of held in check sort of pending the uncertainties related to the pandemic. But cash at the parent is building. You haven't repurchased much stock. You're in the low 30s on debt to cap. So maybe just a little bit of your outlook on capital deployment in the next two years. And does the 2021 guide rely upon share repurchase in any disproportionate way? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Gary. We do have ample capital and flexibility, which we believe is important. I would say that over the next few years, we expect to have a balanced capital deployment strategy. We're always on the hunt for M&A opportunities in the strategic priority areas that we've identified, whether it's around home, primary care, pharmacy. We always look for opportunities in the plant health plan space. So to the extent, there's a Medicaid plan in a particular state that's of interest. We look at it closely. There are fewer opportunities for us. But even if there were a Medicare plan in a state where we were able to complete a deal there. We would look at that. So I would just say that our capital deployment plans will be balanced on the M&A side. And clearly, share repurchase is an important part of our capital return strategy. We will continue to do that. Our 2021 guidance does assume some capital deployment, and we're working through how we'll  how we'll do that, but there is some capital deployment in that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. You may ask your question.
George Hill: Hey, there. Good morning. And I think most of my questions have been answered. I guess I'll just do one follow-up on the PDP space. It sounds like you guys wanted to have a highly competitive product there. But you saw an unusual competitive environment. And I guess, given the growth in MA, how important is PDP to the company going forward? And have you guys historically seen it as a funnel for MA conversions, or if people with a kind of a different setup in PDP, have a different motivation, I guess, does it make sense to have a middling product there as opposed to a highly competitive product?
Brian Kane: Well, I think it's a product  I think Bruce remarked on initially, which is to say, it does contribute, particularly to our pharmacy business. It's become much less of a contributor over the last few years. The pharmacy business has had an extraordinary growth in EBITDA, as you see in the numbers, it's really  our EBITDA has been driven by pharmacy and really Conviva driving its turnaround. And so pharmacy is an important part of our EBITDA growth element there and PDP is part of that, although the care advantage as well as, candidly, all the efforts that the pharmacy group has undertaken to increase the mail order penetration rate and have that continue to be an important part of the interaction with our members. You've seen a nice increase year-over-year, particularly on the MA side, on the mail order side, and you'll continue to see that. PDP is part of that. As it relates to contribution to Medicare Advantage growth, over the last few years, we've really amped up our strategy to convert those members. We do think that over time, that will continue to be an important funnel strategy for us into MA. Over the last few years have seen nice growth. We'll expect nice sort of cross-sell this year as well. That's our expectation for 2021, as we saw in 2020 and 2019, I think we would all say we have even more opportunity than what we've tapped so far. And so it's definitely an important growth element of the company and our PDP teams and our Medicare teams and particularly on the sales side and working closely together to figure out how we can make that cross-sell happen.
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. You may ask your question.
Lance Wilkes: Great. Thanks a lot. Can you talk a little bit about Medicaid? And if you could talk a little on the pipeline and then a little on what's the capital deployment priority of Medicaid? Meaning, is it really tuck-ins, are there particular types of capabilities you would also be looking for there?
Brian Kane: Yes. I would say, when we think about the next year or two, I think it's going to be a fairly active response to RFPs. We see a number of states that are -- states that we want to participate in and we feel that we can add significant value as a result of what we're seeing the desires of the state. So I would say, first, just on an organic basis, I think you're going to see the organization go pretty active in a number of responses there. On the capability side, we feel really good about where we are from an ability to serve the member from a -- all the way from a lifestyle point of view to a need of the health side. So our programs have proven to be very successful, whether you look at satisfaction scores, to relationships with providers to clinical outcomes. And so we feel really, really good about our programs. I think the biggest challenge that we have right now is the procurement cycle and the procurement process. And so as we think about acquisitions, it's more around the states we want to enter and -- from a strategic point of view. And then what is the procurement process there? And is there are a lot of barriers to the procurement process and therefore, does it make more sense from an acquisition point of view. So when I say all that, you're probably going to see more specific state orientation and capital deployment, and you're going to see more in one-off deployment -- I mean purchases as opposed to large acquisitions.
Lance Wilkes: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. You may now ask your question.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I know we're getting long here. I just wanted to ask a couple of clarifications. So one, on the 95% utilization, is that all-inclusive, i.e., inclusive of COVID and across all books, or is that core utilization?
Brian Kane: That is core utilization, exclusive of COVID across all books.
Dave Windley: Okay. And then, Brian, when I think you said per member costs are coming in a little higher than expectations. In one answer you kind of referenced that some of that is COVID driven, maybe some not COVID driven. I'm wondering, I mean, in light of the commenting above expectations, is it fair to assume that that is above what you would have captured in bids? And is it possible, I know there's a lot of moving parts you've already highlighted for next year. But is that a headwind specifically to how you're thinking about 2021?
Brian Kane: Yeah. It's something that we fully baked in. Obviously, part of thats the 20% premium on COVID treatment. Remember, it's really where there's a COVID code attached, and there now needs to be a positive identification of COVID to get that increased payment on that DRG related to a COVID positive test. And so the answer is yes. I mean, we factor in all those things. We got to see what happens to that -- whether the premium, et cetera, how it continues. But I would say on the scheme of things, that particular issue is relatively modest for 2021, but we are seeing it.
Dave Windley: Okay. If I can come back to the first one, just real quickly for clarification on fourth quarter. If you layer the COVID in, does that -- I'm just wondering the magnitude of that, does that get you above 100 as you exit the third quarter? And has that kind of helped to shed light on why the fourth quarter will swing to the negative so dramatically?
Brian Kane: Well, what I would say is that on the Medicare side -- I'll just comment on today. The Medicare side, if you include COVID, we're still a bit below the baseline, where commercial is a bit above the baseline. And so we'll see what happens on -- for the fourth quarter. But largely, our expectation is that any increase COVID treatment cost will be offset by lower utilization as we sort of roll forward our guidance from third quarter to fourth quarter, which is why it's largely unchanged. It'll largely be offsetting impacts from what we expected three months ago.
Dave Windley: Got it. Thank you very much.
Brian Kane: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. You may now ask your question.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good morning. Thanks fir squeezing me in here. Just one thing for you. It sounds like you're reinvesting more dollars into marketing payments for AEP this year. Just wondering when we roll forward a year, that the increased dollars you're spending this year and providing to partners. Is that something that you probably need to keep at that similar level in the future, because obviously it sound like youre benefiting here, spending more money this year because of the HIP and from maybe utilization running lower that expected this year.
Brian Kane: Its a fair question. I would say that, weve had pretty transparent conversations with our partners about the dollars available this year, and particularly as the -- some of our partners in the field whove had to convert to more of a telephonic way of selling. I think some of the dollars have helped them do that. Although, we have some very important call center partners that we wanted to support this year. And we'll be very thoughtful about how we do that next year. But I would just say we've been very transparent about some of the dollars that we're investing in the channel this year that may or may not persist going forward. But we've been very committed to our partner channels. We'll continue to do that. And every year is a different circumstance, and we sort of judge where the wherewithal financially that we have, as we go into AEP, the competitive landscape, where things stand, but we expect some of our competitors to be doing on the distribution channel. And so, we try to calibrate our investment given those various variables.
Bruce Broussard: I'd just like to reemphasize that. I would say that, this year is no different than previous years as in how we approach it, and we approach it from a sort of what do we think is both needed, but what is also the proper investment considering our financial goals. And you see that combination happen every year. And this year, I would say, it was no difference. I would not look at this year as a statement for next year.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Halper with Cantor. You may now ask your question.
Steve Halper: Hi. Good morning. Just a housekeeping question. So the fourth quarter loss, the EPS loss of $2.40, what's the tax rate assumption in that estimate, in that guidance?
Brian Kane: Yes. I would say our, sort of -- well, I don't know, have we -- Amy, I'm not sure what we've disclosed, but it's sort of -- given the HIP, it's sort of in the, call it, low 30s range, probably.
Amy Smith: Yes. We haven't disclosed the tax rate guide. But...
Steve Halper: But presumably, you'll be -- for the quarter, right, you're going to report a tax benefit because of the pre-tax loss, correct?
Brian Kane: Sure. But it's all -- on an annual basis, it's all going to net out. You get effectively a 30% benefit for the loss, is the way to think about it.
Steve Halper: Yes. Got it. Understood, that it nets out for the full year as -- but Im just -- I was just worried about the -- not worried, but just focused on the quarter and what's implied there in the $2.40. But I got it. Thank you.
Brian Kane: Okay. You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. You may now ask your question.
Frank Morgan: Yes. Most of my have been answered. But real quickly, what are your expectations around plants switching during this this AEP? And how much of that will you see in AEP for the first quarter of next year? And then you mentioned digital investments. I'm just curious, are you actually having -- have expectations around any online enrollment in MA this year? Thanks.
Brian Kane: On the plant switching side, we'll have to see it. As we mentioned, sort of during the height of the COVID crisis, we saw a decline in switchers and terms going down. Those have largely normalized. I think overall, we expect more of a normal switching season. I would just say, though, that given the significant growth we've had in 2019 and 2020, on top of the fact that a lot of our new sales have come from the telephonic channel, both of those sources, sort of new members as well as telephonic channel tend to have higher term rates or more switching. So, we would have baked that into our growth. But -- so we'll see where that comes out. The amount of termination data we have at this point is very, very small. And so that's one of the biggest variables we have at this time of year. I mean we're -- we've still got plenty of time left in AEP and so it's always hard to forecast that. But broadly, that's how we're thinking about it. We have invested in the digital channel. It's -- we think it's going to be more and more going forward. What we find is that members sort of start online. They can provide other information, they can shop. But ultimately, the sale is consummated through a live conversation with a broker. We expect that to continue, but we've actually invested in digital channels or proprietary digital capability that allows members to really understand their benefits. They can input their various conditions, the drugs they use and understand which plan is right for them. And so that's an important investment of ours to make the digital experience more conducive to members really understanding their options. But again, it's -- the digital channel still -- the single-digit percentage in terms of overall sales.
Bruce Broussard: Frank, what we are seeing is, as we invest in the digital channel for the member, we do use that same technology for the brokers themselves. So, it's a twofer, so to speak, that these tools of being able to find the best plan for our members based on their historical medical history. It's not only used by the member, but it also is used by the broker to help with that. So, it's a way that we are able to really leverage the investments we make.
Frank Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah James with Piper Sandler. You may now ask you are question.
Sarah James: Hi thank you. Going back to the moving pieces on the 2021 Medicare margin, how much of a headwind is the carbon on ESRD? And I guess that question is both scale and margin profile implications for the ESRD book. And can you update us on the big pieces under your control for preparing to manage margins on that book, like hitting unit price goals and the network build-out or other big pieces needed to manage and hit margin targets? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Good morning Sarah. I would say, from a margin percentage perspective, it would be a headwind. I think broadly, we feel good about how we've mitigated the overall contribution margin on those members through all the efforts that weve gone through, we've announced important partnerships with Fresenius as that's been very public and so we're excited about that. We've also announced a number of partnerships with other players to help us manage CKD to slow the disease progression and make sure people aren't really crashing it to ESRD and ending up in the ER, where a lot of the cost happen. We're excited about the experimentation and innovation that CMS has introduced into the ESRD program that allows us to ultimately build out a more nontraditional networks use or use of dialysis machines at home and having dialyzing at home. Again, it really allows players to innovate clinically, which is something that we love to do. And over time, we think it will be really effective. And so we are being, I think, thoughtful about how we approach the market with ERSD in 2021. And obviously, taking care of very well the members we get, but also thinking longer-term about how we create partnerships and relationships with our providers, not only on the financial side, so that we're sharing risk and sharing sort of the benefits of many of our clinical programs we put into place, but also really encouraging innovation and we think these regulations are going to encourage that. And so we're excited about that.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Whit Mayo with UBS. You may now ask your question.
Whit Mayo: I hope I'm the last one. I wasn't clear what you guys were thinking around cost-sharing for members next year wasn't, I think, called out specifically. And I'm just wondering how long you guys can continue to waive co-pays and be responsive to your members? And what are the signposts that you're looking to perhaps revise your posture around this?
Bruce Broussard: Whit, that's a good question. It's something that we're going to have to see how the fourth quarter evolves and how the pandemic evolves, and what we do around cost sharing. I mean, currently, our cost-sharing savings or the lack of cost sharing of our members ends at the end of 2020, that's what's currently our perspective. And so we've just got to see how things evolve as we move into 2021. But that's something that's obviously top of mind as the pandemic continues here.
Operator: There are no further question at this time. I'll hand the call back over to Bruce Brussard for any closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Well, thanks for everyone staying on the extended time that we've had and this is probably a record for us. So we appreciate the interest in the company as a result of that. And obviously, we always are appreciative of our shareholder support. But as importantly, our associate support for really allowing us to be able to deliver these results on a daily basis, both for our members but as importantly, for our shareholders. So thank you. And everyone have a great election day.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes Humana's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Humana's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a Q&A session [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Ms. Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2020 results and our updated financial outlook for 2020. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's Web site, humana.com later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statements. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our second quarter 2020 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements. And to note in particular that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including a potential impacts to us of, actions taken by federal, state and local government to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and in turn, relax those restrictions, actions taken by us to expand benefits for our members and provide relief for the healthcare provider community in connection with COVID-19, disruptions in our ability to operate our business effectively and negative pressure in economic, employment and financial markets among other, all of which creates additional uncertainties and risks for our business. Our forward-looking statement should therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release or historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion include financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation to the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Amy, and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us as we continue to navigate the global coronavirus pandemic. Our daily interactions with associates, members, providers and government partners only served to underscore the strength of the Medicare Advantage program and its enduring public private partnerships that puts seniors in their holistic health at the forefront. As you know over the last several months Humana together with industry peers, the administration and Congress quickly took deliberate and sustained actions to remove financial barriers and enhance access to care in response to the pandemic. Easing some of the burden on our nation's most vulnerable population at a time when they need it most. Supported and enabled by the structure of the Medicare Advantage program, which incentivizes plans to look holistically at the health and well being of seniors and those with disabilities. Medicare Advantage plans were some of the first organizations to proactively identify and implement policy and benefit changes at the outset of the pandemic. These actions address testing and treatment costs associated with coronavirus, identified and tackled social determinants needs such as food and security and ensuring continuity of care for our members. At Humana, we quickly announced we would cover COVID testing and treatment costs and pivoted to telehealth alternatives for care due to physical distancing requirements, allowing in network providers to use personal devices to connect with members while being paid for an office visit. For our members, we recognized that the access to preventative care, medication adherence, focus on social determinants and the continuation of our other chronic condition management programs during the pandemic will reduce the likelihood that they will experience negative long-term effects on their health that could result from a lack of access to care. Accordingly, in addition to helping providers pivot to telehealth at the outset, Humana quickly established a number of interventions, including a clinical outreach team to proactively engage with our most vulnerable members, waive copays for primary care, outpatient behavioral health and telehealth services allowed early refills for prescription so members could feel confident in the amount of medication they had on hand, sent care kits to members including mass to help them feel like they could safely use the health care system and worked with food banks and other organizations to quickly get meals to those with an immediate need, while also offering meal delivery to address long-term concerns as the pandemic persist. Today, our clinical team has reached out to nearly 1.2 million members and we've delivered approximately 900,000 meals, including 750,000 meals in the second quarter. Most recently, we announced the distribution of a million preventative care tips to our Medicare Advantage and Medicaid members. These kids provide in home prevention screenings for colorectal cancer, diabetes and kidney disease, recognizing that early diagnosis and intervention is critical for these conditions. From a provider perspective, the pandemic has reinforced the strength of our value based care models, under which approximately one-third of our individual Medicare members are cared for by providers that take full risk for their patients in care under a capitated payment models. Providers in these arrangements focus on their patients' holistic health, with aligned incentives to drive improved clinical outcomes. As a result, these providers experienced steady cash flow despite the clients in utilization and we're the first to reach out to patients ensuring continuity of care. In contrast, providers and fee for service models for experienced cash flow concerns because of the dramatic decline in non-essential services. As previously announced to help address provider liquidity concerns, we accelerated $1 billion in payments to providers early in the second quarter. Just as the pandemic has demonstrated the compelling value proposition of Medicare Advantage and value-based care, the growing number of individuals selecting Medicare Advantage further underscores the value of the program for seniors, with enrollment nearly doubling in the last decade. The opportunity for Medicare Advantage organizations in partnership with the government to meaningfully impact the healthcare system in the coming years is significant. Coming to the U.S. Census Bureau, the number of U.S. residents over 65 or again double over the next four decades, with one in five U.S. residents over the age of 65 by 2030. A 2017 publication sponsored by CMS included 9.9 million beneficiaries from three states and found that Medicare Advantage outperformed traditional Medicare and 16 of the 16 clinical quality measures and four of the six patient experience measures. Data from CMS and the Kaiser Family Foundation indicates that in 2020, approximately 94% of Medicare Advantage enrollees have access to at least one to zero dollar premium plan and 80% of all Medicare Advantage plans offer vision, hearing, wellness or dental with more than half of the MA plans offering all four. With the expansion of additional flexibilities for supplement benefits, Medicare Advantage organizations have been highly innovative from efforts to lessen social isolation, to meal delivery, to respite care, to simple home improvements to keep seniors safer at home. Analysis of beneficiary data shows Medicare Advantage saves seniors $1,598 a year on average relative to those in a traditional Medicare -- with traditional Medicare for seniors out of pocket costs for inpatient costs running seven times higher than traditional Medicare, the Medicare Advantage. Data shows that Medicare Advantage is continuing to grow as the preferred option for those who are low income and for racial and ethnic minorities. Of the more than 22 million Medicare Advantage beneficiaries there is a growing diversity in enrollment with more than 28% of the beneficiaries being racial or ethnic minorities as compared to 21% in traditional Medicare. Nearly 40% of individuals enrolled in MA have annual income of less than $20,000 a year. This data demonstrates that as we think about disparities in health care for underserved populations, Medicare Advantage plans are uniquely positioned to address the needs of these members. Humana is committed to leverage our business platforms to support local communities in their efforts to lower social and health disparities. This includes taking a leadership role in social determinants and Medicaid as well, integrating our Medicare Advantage and Medicaid business models with our community efforts enables us to be more holistic in our approach to improve health, both at an individual level and within the communities overall. We will do this by leveraging our successful Bold Goal population health platform has another touch point for us to engage with our members and to support the underserved community. We are committed to deepening our understanding of how to scale specific programs to address social determinants, in fact, affecting younger populations as well. In June, we contributed an additional 150 million to the Humana foundation. This endowment will allow the Humana foundation to continue to invest meaningfully in the communities we serve, including initiatives designed to address healthcare disparities. While we have been engaged in responding to the public health crisis over the last several months, we've also continued to advance our strategy. Announcing investments in companies delivering value based care and higher acuity care in the home and entering into partnerships with several companies focused on innovative kidney care solutions. These moves are part of Humana's broader effort to create an ecosystem of home-centric care delivery models intended to provide holistic, coordinated care for our members, improving patient experience and outcomes while reducing the total cost of care. As I mentioned in my remarks on the last quarter's call, we believe in omni-channel approach to care that includes primary and higher acuity care in the home is critical to meeting members where they want to be and allows for more visibility into members needs, particularly social determinants of health. We recently announced strategic partnerships with Heal and Dispatch Health, while at the same time we continue to invest in transforming Kindred home health and hospice programs to drive improved patient outcomes. We believe consumer demand for high quality home based care models will continue to increase and COVID has reinforced this belief as we see increased awareness and interest in home based care models by consumers. Home based models consistently demonstrate higher patient satisfaction reporting Net Promoter scores of 95 or higher, allow for more personalized care and often demonstrates superior clinical outcomes. Heal will serve as our preferred home-based primary care model which is inherently more capital efficient and scalable, allowing Humana to offer high-quality value-based primary care to more members than a clinic based strategy. The ability to deliver emergency room at hospital level care in the home through partners like Dispatch Health is highly complementary and allows patients to recover in the safety and comfort of their home reduces caregiver burden and avoids the risk of secondary infections and further health declines often experienced as a result of inpatient hospital stay. Finally, we've been developing new clinical models and operational enhancements for Kindred at home to improve outcomes for the most at risk patient populations and enable more timely, effective and coordinated care in the home, enhancing the patient experience and preventing unneeded hospitalizations. Over the last several months, we began designing integrated models that fully leverage the collective capabilities of these offerings, which are currently being tested in various markets. As an example, as Kindred identifies members with complex needs, who do not have a primary care physician, they will partner with Heal to address the immediate need and also support ongoing proactive primary care when appropriate and desired by the member. We're identifying Humana members with high emergency room utilization and leveraging Humana at home clinicians to proactively outreach and educate them about Dispatch Health Services and are pleased with the early reductions in emergency room and inpatient hospitalizations for these members. These are only a few examples of how we see these solutions working together to improve member health and outcomes. And we expect to continue to develop, refine and scale additional clinical innovations. We've also further advanced our kidney care strategy recognizing kidney diseases, the nation's ninth leading cause of death. We continue to support serving individuals with in-stage renal disease in Medicare Advantage in 2021 and beyond and we believe we can positively impact our health care experience. However, we acknowledge that we can be most impactful, if we can enable early detection and treatment of kidney disease for our members. Our initiatives and partnerships are focused on how we can better serve both populations. Over the last several months, we've announced agreements with multiple partners offering innovative, enhanced clinical solutions to provide kidney disease care coordination services for Humana, Medicare Advantage and commercial members in certain markets. The goal of these initiatives is to help our members detect kidney disease early, slow disease progression and educate members about treatment options which include home dialysis. Before I turn the call over to Brian, I'll briefly touch on our financial performance. As I said last quarter, all our businesses started the year strong from both a strategic and financial perspective. As we navigate these uncertain times, we believe that this underlying straight sets us up well for 2021 and beyond. We believe our 2021 offerings are compelling and are pleased that nearly all our members will have access to plans that provide stable or enhanced benefits. As Brian will discuss in a moment, while acknowledging the uncertainty as to the duration of the crisis, the emergence of hotspots across the nation and the extent to which deferred procedures may resume, we continue to maintain our initial full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $18.25 to $18.75. This reflects our expected continued investment to help our constituencies and communities that may be disproportionately affected by the crisis. But many of these costs expected to occur in the back half of the year as we anticipate utilization to normalize and members to utilize the enhanced benefits offer. While we expect these benefits enhancements, including copay waivers and other proactive actions we're taking for our members in response to the pandemic. To mitigate much of the impact from the reduced utilization we experienced in March and during the second quarter. The Medicare Advantage program also includes safeguards, requiring that plan spend $0.85 of every dollar of premium on medical costs. When that threshold is not met, plans must rebate premiums to the government. This incentivizes plans to provide robust benefits for members each year, while also protecting individuals with disabilities and the Medicare trust fund, if unanticipated significant declines in utilization occur. We currently do expect to pay some level of rebate to the government in 2020 as a result of the declines in utilization experience at the beginning of the pandemic. In closing, I want to thank the healthcare providers and especially those on the frontline who continue to be the heroes of this pandemic. I also want to express my pride in our associates and my immense gratitude for their extraordinary efforts over the last several months and for those to come as we continue to work relentlessly during the pandemic, to ease some of the burden on all stakeholders through this proactive and transparent engagement. At Humana we are dedicated to delivering human care and health care experience that is easier, more personalized and more caring for our members. Our associates go above and beyond to take action to address the most important needs of our members and to continuously create the best possible experience, so that they can achieve their best sell. These efforts are recognized both inside and outside of the organization. Humana Pharmacy has been named the best in mail order pharmacy customer satisfaction and the JD Power 2020 U.S. Pharmacy Study. It is the third consecutive year that Humana has received this prestigious honor. In addition, Humana ranked number one in Florida and Texas in the 2020 JD Power ranking of 149 commercial member health plans. I offer my congratulations and thanks to these teams. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning everyone. I would like to begin by echoing Bruce's thanks and praise for all of our associates and in particular for those serving on the frontlines. They have not wavered since the pandemic began, continuing to model our human care mindset by going above and beyond for our members and communities day in and day out. For that we are very grateful. At Humana we are committed to continuing to take action to minimize the impact of this global crisis on our members, provider partners, employer groups and the communities we serve, while advancing the long-term sustainability of our company and the healthcare system as a whole. Before I review these actions, I will first discuss the results for the quarter. Today, we reported second quarter adjusted EPS of $12.56. These results were materially impacted by the significant deferral of care resulting from stay at home orders, physical distancing measures and other restrictions on movement and economic activity implemented throughout the country to reduce the spread of COVID-19. The impact of the deferral of care was partially offset by COVID-19 testing and treatment costs incurred in the quarter as well as our ongoing pandemic relief efforts. As I will describe later, we anticipate the net favorability resulting from the deferral of care in the second quarter will be offset in the latter half of 2020 as demand for health care services normalizes and we incur the financial impact of our ongoing pandemic relief efforts, which are heavily weighted to the second half of the year. As previously communicated, we anticipated that the significant deferral of care prompted by COVID-19 would result in a disproportionate amount of our full year earnings being weighted to the first half of the year and in particular the second quarter. While medical utilization increased significantly in June from trough levels in March and April, it was a bit slower to rebound than we anticipated, resulting in second quarter adjusted EPS ahead of our previous expectations. As we said last quarter, during the last two weeks of March and continuing into April, we experienced a meaningful decline in medical utilization of at least 30% depending on the service category. In late April and throughout May, utilization began to rebound as expected although volumes did not recover to pre-COVID levels. In June, while utilization continued to rebound, on average, it was approximately 10% below normal levels excluding COVID utilization. In July, the non-COVID inpatient utilization remained flat to June, but COVID testing and treatment costs were a bit higher than the modest cost we saw through June given the recent increase of cases in certain geographic hotspots. We expect non-COVID Medical utilization to begin to approach normal levels as the year progresses and potentially run slightly above normal later in the year. From a pharmacy standpoint, scripts volume ran higher in late March and April as our members, with our encouragement, refilled their prescriptions early to ensure they had adequate supply during the crisis. Not surprisingly, we also saw an uptick in mail order use during this time. Prescription fills peaked in late March and early April, experienced a trough in May and then peaked again in June, reflecting the impact of 90 day fills through both mail order and retail. For the full year, we expect pharmacy utilization to net out close to normal levels given these early refills represented more of a pull forward within the year, rather than a run rate change. However, the increased number of members utilizing Humana's mail order pharmacy is expected to persist as those members continue to use the service. Further as expected and previously discussed both our retail and group segments experienced small negative prior period medical claims reserved development in the second quarter, primarily due to the suspension of certain financial recovery activities for claims that should not have been paid. We took this action to allow providers to focus on their patients and ease administrative burden in response to the pandemic. While these activities have largely resumed, we continue to suspend these operations along with broader utilization management activities in a few markets that we have designated as COVID hotspots, in which there are increasing incidences of positive cases of the Coronavirus and related hospitalizations. It is important to note, however, that the suspension of financial recovery efforts only results in a delay of when we review charts and secret payments and therefore we expect to collect a meaningful portion of these dollars over time as financial recovery efforts resume. Turning to the full year, as Bruce described in his remarks, we fully expect that any impact we experience from lower utilization will be entirely offset by the support we provide for our members, providers, employer groups and the communities that we serve, as well as higher utilization in the back half of the year. Consequently, today, we have reiterated our 2020 EPS guidance of 18.25 to 18.75. From a seasonality perspective, we expect adjusted EPS for the third quarter to represent approximately 15% of the full year guide at the midpoint largely offset by expected losses in the fourth quarter. I would remind investors that historically our fourth quarter EPS contribution is always the lowest and many of this year's investments will hit in the final three months of the year. I will now provide a few more specifics on the amount and type of support that we are providing our various constituents. Taking an enterprise view of experience-to-date and considering our expectation of how utilization patterns will play out for the remainder of the year, including getting out the expected capitation payments to risk providers and the anticipated annual COVID testing and treatment costs of approximately $600 million. We estimate by the end of the year, such support will amount to around $2 billion. While we have already announced several significant support initiatives, as I mentioned, the financial impact of many of these investments is weighted towards the back half of the year. For example, the costs associated with copay waivers for primary care, outpatient behavioral health and telehealth visits, designed to reduce financial buyers to our members engaging with their providers are expected to be among the largest of our investments to support members and we'll be encouraged throughout the remainder of the year as members increasingly utilize the health care system. In addition, we are increasing the availability of in home assessments for our members, ensuring nurse practitioners and primary care physicians are able to engage with members in their homes or via telehealth to identify and address gaps in care and social determinant needs. We will also consider additional support initiatives for our members and providers as the year progresses. Furthermore, we're making significant investments in our Medicare distribution channels; equipping and training brokers so that they can interact with consumers telephonically and digitally, in circumstances where community events and face to face engagements are restricted given the pandemic. This includes increasing the marketing dollars we provide to brokers for the AEP. As you know, these marketing costs are heavily weighted to the back half of the year, primarily the fourth quarter. These costs along with our contributions to the Humana Foundation and other COVID-related costs associated with moving associates to work at home and reworking our facilities for an eventual safe return to the office, are expected to increase the full year consolidated operating cost ratio, approximately 100 basis points over our pre-COVID expectations. Additionally, the combination of back half weighted investment spending, a meaningful portion of which will be classified as medical expenses, along with the expected continual increase in utilization and COVID treatment and testing costs will result in the second half medical expense ratio being elevated meaningfully above our pre-COVID expectations. Specifically, we expect our second half consolidated benefit ratio to be in the neighborhood of 250 to 300 basis points higher than our pre-COVID expectations. Finally, I'll provide a few brief operational comments on each of our business segments. In retail, revenues have increased 20% year-over-year to $33.72 billion year-to-date. And today, we increased our full year 2020 expected individual MA membership growth to a range of 330,000 to 360,000 members from our previous range of 300,000 to 350,000. Our products continue to resonate with customers and brokers alike and although COVID has slightly impacted sales volumes, member terminations are also down. This strong membership growth includes compelling [Technical Difficulty] increases, where we have increased a great amount of effort and resources to broaden our platform and create a compelling product for our customers. Specifically, as of June 30, our decent membership has grown to approximately 365,000 members a net increase of approximately 777,100 lives or 27% from December 31, 2019. With respect to Medicaid, June 30, membership of 689,000 members increased 220,000 or 47% from December 31, primarily reflecting the transition of the rest for the Kentucky contract from Care Source as of January 1, as well as the additional enrollment, particularly in Florida, resulting from the current economic downturn driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. In our group and specialty segment, medical membership declines on account of COVID were so far less severe than we anticipated. Though we are closely watching how unemployment trends develop. We're also continuing to execute on the first phase of a multi-year plan to sustainable growth, we're bringing in strong new talent, increasing our local presence in certain key markets and deepening our partnership and innovative companies such as Accolade to grow our commercial and specialty products. Lastly, in our healthcare services segment, adjusted EBITDA increased 33% year-to-date driven by higher pharmacy earnings as a result of Medicare Advantage membership growth, partially offset by the anticipated PDP membership declines. EBITDA growth in the segment was also fueled by operational improvements that [indiscernible] assets and overall utilization in our provider businesses as a result of COVID-19. It is also important to note that we continue to invest to expand partners in primary care through our partnership with Welsh, Carson. Specifically, we will be opening 15 new centers beginning in late summer with rolling scheduled openings throughout early next year. This includes two new markets, Las Vegas and Shreveport, Louisiana, as well as expanding our presence with additional clinics in Houston. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question also please note that Bruce, Amy and I are in separate locations, but we will make the Q&A as smooth as possible. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Yes. We have our first question from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: I wanted to ask about the 2021 bids specifically regarding the lower tax rate you're expected to have next year from [Technical Difficulty] it's a little bit more than $2 a share of EPS benefit. Can you [Technical Difficulty] how much you reinvested [Technical Difficulty] versus expected case to the bottom-line next year [Technical Difficulty]. And then, any color around where that [Technical Difficulty] your MA margins going into next year would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Justin. And I apologize if I have a crackle on my line. I know I have a challenge, I've been in the same spot for five months and I'm getting a crackle. So I apologize. We have not really commented as we've said in the past on how we've reinvested the [Technical Difficulty]. Other than to say that we've really tried to take a balance between gross margin and investing in the sustainable business proposition that's important that we do. And so, we'll give more specifics on the third quarter call with respect to how much we've invested. It is around 250 a share as you've said the tax impact that is and so as I said, we'll give more color on the third quarter call. With respect to margins, again, I'd rather not comment specifically Justin at this point; we will give more comment on the third quarter call. Other than to say that as you know, when you get the geography changes a little bit with the taxes and that we get some back from the after tax portion of the [Technical Difficulty]that could impact the pre tax margins, but we'll save that commentary for the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Styblo: Good morning, it's Dave Styblo in for Dave Windley. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit through your reserves and why your benefits payable increased 13% sequentially when it seems like most of the peers in the group are flat to down, just trying to get a better understanding of the 10 day jump in BCP from the first quarter because if I try to normalize what a typical level of benefit expenses would have been in the second quarter, it only accounts for about half of that 10-day increase. So any color there would be great.
Bruce Broussard: Sure, good morning. Specifically, I'd call two things on our BCP. One is, as you said, relates to our medical expense being lower for the quarter. And because the way IBNR said, June is the primary month where most of the reserve is accounted for because it's the most recent month and June saw the highest utilization in the quarter. So if you have an overall average of lower medical expenses and higher June reserve, you're going to get hired BCP. The other thing and this is important is that, our providers 33% of our members on risk based relationships, to our risk based providers are also benefiting from the lower medical expenses. And so therefore, we at Humana are paying out higher capitation levels to our risk providers. And when you divide that by the lower average medical expense for the quarter, you're going to get a higher BCP. And so when you look in our 10-Q disclosure, you'll see that the amount of capitation is up pretty materially from last quarter again, not surprisingly given the COVID impacts here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: [Technical Difficulty]. Just wanted to understand a little bit about how you are thinking about trends, when you price for next year given, this is an unusual year and what you [Technical Difficulty] necessary to achieve whatever it is you priced into your 2021 bids?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. So, I think we've taken a prudent approach to our trends; obviously, we go through a very extensive process in terms of value and what a typical baseline would be. And so we went through a very rigorous process there. And then, obviously, you have to model in COVID and what your expectations are. I would just tell you that I think we've been prudent with how we price for the COVID impact. Obviously, there are a lot of variables that we need to consider. And I would just say I think we've been prudent in those trends. So I think, we feel good about the trends we put into our bids and we feel good about our bids more broadly for 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Bob Jones: I guess maybe just to ask a revised net membership growth in the individual MA book, the encouraging signs; they're given the obvious difficulties in the current environment in getting new members. Can you just maybe talk about what approaches you're leveraging and driving additional membership? And then, how confident does this make you as we think about managing through what I imagine would be a more difficult to annual enrollment period than a normal year?
Brian Kane: I'll start off and then let Brian add to it. As you probably know, we have a number of providers, I mean, I'm sorry distribution partners out there and we continue to see really strong results from them specifically over the phone, more telephonic than in person. And so we've leveraged that significantly. Part of the other aspect is, we have seen some, our retention increased as a result of this. So we've seen a retention improve during this period of time. And then the other area, the company is really seen some just wonderful results on is, is our D-SNP growth. Our D-SNP growth, as you'll see is up significantly, both year-by-year but also significantly just as a percentage over the last number of years. So it's a combination of D-SNP and our value proposition there. Obviously, that allows the agent during that period of time, our ability to leverage our partners that are telephonic is the other area and then the retention as increased.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary Taylor: I think this question is probably for Brian, as we think about, the second half and what's baked into your estimates. I appreciate some of the detailed comments you walk through. But, am I thinking about this right in terms of order of magnitude, a presumed utilization rebound would be most material, reduce cost sharing would be second, direct COVID costs would be third and minimum MLR rebate would be four, just in terms of order of magnitude impacting the second half MLR expectation?
Brian Kane: I appreciate the question. I'm not going to comment too much on that. I think the items you cited are all meaningful. You're supporting our brokers and the marketing efforts in the fourth quarter will also be important there. And so there are a number of initiatives that we think and I think all really contribute to sort of the back half change in spending. So I think it's a real combination. But broadly what you're saying is not incorrect. I think it's directionally reasonable. But again, I wouldn't necessarily wait one towards the other. We will also see how things unfold as the quarters go on and where our spending ends up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Sarah James: So I wanted to understand the delay of the review or recapture of claims, can you size, the impact of this cohort that's out there that you're doing this compassionate delay for? And then, thinking about providers financial viability, they have that future claims review coming and then if they're under a value based contract and utilization rebound in the second half, they're kind of on the hook for more settlements. So how are you walking them through or training them to appropriately reserve and handle their finances for the second half? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Well, I think our providers are well aware of the actions and initiatives that we've taken on their behalf. And so I you know, we've been in constant communication with them. We've worked very hard to get them significant amounts of cash flow. As we've said, we waived a number of our utilization management programs. And we've been really not pursuing these financial recoveries. But they know and in our communications, that ultimately we will have discussions with them about the FR. And so I think they're fully aware of that that ultimately this will bounce back later in the year, as things settle down. But we're not pursuing it aggressively, we want to be very thoughtful with our providers. We're trying to be as constructive as we can with them, which I think they appreciate. But, I think they also understand that there are, if there's been a financial overpayment, for example, we need to reconcile that. But it's not something [Technical Difficulty] showing aggressively right now, but they are aware of it.
Sarah James: And can you size that delayed financial review?
Brian Kane: Yes. I'd rather not give specifics on the FR. I mean, it's a meaningful part of our prior period development, as you can imagine, but again, I wouldn't want to size it and you can see that we've had negative PPD for the quarter. And so normally, it's positive, also this point of the year, we would also typically have that far in the beginning parts of 2020. It's a several month delay. So there's sort of a combination of prior period and current period amounts that that would ultimately be collected.
Bruce Broussard: Just on your question on the value based payment aside, I'm just being able to manage the second half. One other aspect that's important to know is that we really don't settle up with the provider until the following year. So there is a receivable or a payable that happens so as the year progresses. Their cash flow is sort of stable. And then, at the end of the year, we will settle up to what is a appropriate, so in result of the first half of the year, they haven't received those dollars yet, but in the second half, though, it could offset that or improve it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research Your line is now open.
Josh Raskin: Glad to see even directionally without necessarily dollar amounts attached to it, but just how much of the actions that you're expecting to offset this lower utilization are required through minimum MLR rebates, et cetera, versus voluntary actions around copay waivers donations to Humana Foundation, et cetera. And then, in light of the fact that's harder to give member premium rebates in Medicare Advantage is just -- a lot of them don't have premiums and some of them it's a much smaller percentage of the total cost. So help us with some understanding of examples of benefits that you've been able to deliver. You talked about the meals but other things that you're delivering to members to again, offset some of that lower utilization.
Brian Kane: Yes. I I'll take that. With respect to MLR rebates, I would say that it's really a bounce Josh, there are some contracts that are closer to the MLR rebate threshold than others. But we're trying to do the right thing here and give these dollars back to our members and obviously that would minimize the MLR rebates, we have some MLR rebates accrued, but it's relatively small because of the actions that we're taking. And we didn't take the actions and of course, the MLR rebates would be higher and that's the natural bouncing mechanism in the program which is a positive thing for our membership. And so, we are taking these actions that will minimize the MLR rebates and we hope they will be well received. We talked about waiving the copays, as you mentioned, we talked about the food, we're delivering safety kits and masks, which are pretty significant. There's millions of green masks roaming around the United States now with people having them and we think that's a positive. Importantly also, we've reached out to over a million of our members, we've got 1.2 million members and to talk to them about their needs and some of the issues they may be having in COVID whether it's around -- making sure they have their prescription drugs, making sure they have food in the refrigerator, making sure they don't have significant medical needs that needs to be addressed. And so there's also a significant ramp up in our care coordination efforts that I think, very meaningful for our members in the crisis. Hopefully that will give some color.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Just add to that, Brian, I think there's probably less than the benefits themselves for the dollar that are encouraged and obviously it's being [indiscernible] the copay area. And I would also just say on how we've treated telehealth on the provider side, another important part of that. But there's an underlying goal that we have is to eliminate any financial barriers and also any clinical barriers that are out there. So there's a lot of dollars that are being spent on the clinical side, all the way from the outreach program that that was just discussed to getting doctors in people's homes that traditionally haven't been the case. Obviously, getting nurses into the homes are important aspects to this. So you'll see probably more dollar spent on the clinical side as to really help support the healthcare system being in the circumstance of having capacity limitations there. So as you articulated the Medicare sides a little harder on the benefit side, but I think our role is really to try to help with the possible delayed care and be much more proactive in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Just wanted to follow-up on the telehealth comment, so it was an executive order for HHS to review and continue Medicare were it's possible. Any thoughts on the word telehealth rates to the state parity within office and how long do you think that sustainable level [Technical Difficulty]? And then, you talked about [Technical Difficulty] in response to Josh question on the -- one of the integration between at home and the more traditional primary care role. So what are the early data points that you're seeing? And what specific -- what are the markets that you're planning [Technical Difficulty] talked to that a little bit in your prepared remarks?
Bruce Broussard: We haven't disclosed the markets just for competitive reasons. So let me try to go just reverse in your questioning here. But on the primary care area, what we are seeing both in the primary care and home health side both on the Kindred side, the Heal side and Dispatch side is a continued reduction in downstream ER visits and hospital relation. So what we're seeing as being much more proactive, much more engaged in the member for seeing on the ability to prevent the downstream hospitalizations. We also see, it'll just take time slowing the disease progression. We've seen this over the last number of years that as we are much more proactive and engaging with them, we not only prevent the ER visit reduction, but we also see a slowdown in the disease progression, which is obviously positive for the individual that can live a much more healthier life, and then in addition, from a cost point of view. On your telehealth question and just on the payment side, as we stated this morning, we are paying at equivalent rates to the primary care office visits, we feel that's really important in this time, where people are concerned about leaving their homes and using the health care system and we wanted to ensure that our providers are completely oriented to providing a tele visit. Believe a lot in telehealth, but I do believe that as this pandemic gets -- we reenter a normal environment will -- we will get the payment models to ensure that we are encouraging an omni-channel approach where it's appropriate to use the office when needed, these telehealth when it's needed or home for that. And I think right now we're not prepared to tell on that particularly because it is much more a construct of how do you encourage more of a holistic and the proper channel for the proper condition and for the proper preference of the customer.
Operator: Your next question comes through line of Stephen Tanal with SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.
Stephen Tanal: I think the first I just wanted to follow up on the line of discussion around the back half. Obviously, the guidance implies a 93% reduction in adjusted EPS in the second half and talked about some of the levers on the MLR side. But maybe if you could just give us a sense for what other levers you might have to achieve that outcome if utilization remains below normal, in light of some of the comments you made around the ability to rebate premiums to members. And then, my actual question is just around the adjusted EBITDA in the services segment, just wanted to understand whether there were any sort of direct or indirect offsets to the upside from low utilization, understanding that the regulatory minimum MLRs don't apply to that business. Maybe -- it would also be great if you give us a sense of the proportion or percentage of the gross segment revenue that reflects global capitated premium or some kind of a directional point on that would be really helpful than ideal? Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Well, let me go in order here. Clearly there's some flexibility around the marketing side on our MA products. There's also opportunities to think about how do we get additional dollars into members hands not necessarily changing premiums, but with certain things we're thinking through. But there are ways to get additional dollars out to our constituents, also working hard with our providers, how we can continue to work with them and help them with their cash flow needs and income needs and so there is flexibility that that we can have here as we go to the back half of the year. But obviously, we're monitoring this very closely. It's an art not a science in terms of estimating what exactly the utilization bounce back will be. But it's something that we're very, very focused on and as I said, we're doing everything we can to stay within our initial guidance range. And so we're going to continue to work to do that and try to get these dollars to our various constituents who could benefit from it. On the services side the amount of capitation because of the pharmacy revenue is so large that it's actually relatively small on a percentage basis. But for our capitated businesses and for our provider businesses, it's a very high percentage. So you could see we have several billion dollars of premium in our provider services businesses, the most of that is capitated, fully capitated, so they will see the benefits of that. That being said, I would say that we have seen a lot of sort of non-COVID important EBITDA progression in the business even coming into the year, there was a significant EBITDA increase, sort of our initial guide versus last year and that's playing through. And I think, even doing a little bit better than the expectations there. We're also seeing a nice growth in our mail order penetration rate on our pharmacy side, which is helping that EBITDA growth and so we'll see whether that continues or not. There were not too many offsets on the COVID side here, I mean, largely script volume has held. So you might think while the script be down in this environment and as we said in our remarks that script volume is largely held. It's converted to 90 day scripts. But it's largely held when you do it on a 30-day equivalent basis. So we're not seeing a material impact from COVID on the segment other than the declining utilization in our provider services business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
George Hill: May be two quick questions. One is the follow up on telemedicine. First, I guess could you guys talk about the growth and utilization that you've seen in telemedicine services given the COVID crisis and kind of does it change how you think about any of the primary care partnerships? And then, my third follow-up would be on the increased mail utilization. You guys have seen, I guess how adorable do you think that will be, while you maintain a higher level of mail penetration in the book or do you expect to see a lot of it go back to retail? Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. In terms of the volume of telemedicine visits, I mean, it's up, 15, 20 times just in terms of the number of health claims we've received year-to-date versus last year, again, not a surprise. A lot of the visits are happening telephonically. Importantly, what we've seen is that, particularly for our providers, who are doing this directly with their own telehealth systems, if something like 70% of the visits are video or audio/video, I should say as opposed to audio only, which is also important for our businesses, from a documentation perspective and revenue for 2021. So, we are seeing a meaningful up tick. Whether that persist, I think we'll see -- certainly some element will persist. What's interesting and you've heard us discuss this before, but in our own clinics, which we get real-time data every day. As the system opened up, we did see a transfer back in person visits. And so where it was 80% or 90% telehealth during the peak of the crisis, it went down to 20% or 30%, telehealth. I think particularly for seniors, there's a real desire to be social and meet with others and meet with their doctor in person. So, we don't think that's going to change but we do think telehealth is a critical supplement to the general care program that we think will really take hold going forward. And so it's going to be really important element. How that exact weighting goes, we'll have to see, but it'll be a critical part going forward.
George Hill: On the mail order script?
Bruce Broussard: We haven't given a lot of visibility into that to the public markets, we continue to really work on our experience and we think that we'll continue to see increases in the mail order from a normal level. Obviously, we got a significant increase during the period of time as a result of the COVID. We do see it coming down a little bit. But we continue to see mail order as being a channel that has shown itself for convenience in this time and we believe that, especially the members that experienced that they are now it's a more preferable channel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: I guess just two quick things. First, do you have any update or color you could provide as it relates to risk scoring versus expectations given the pandemic? And then, is there anything you could provide in terms of additional color as it relates to the group MA selling season this year? Thank you.
Brian Kane: Steve, I got the first part of your question. I'm sorry, I didn't hear the second part. But I'll get to the first part, maybe you can repeat the second. On the risk scoring side, I would just say that we are on track for our operational plans in terms of getting to the results that that we need for 2021. As I mentioned in the prior question, the telehealth visits are up dramatically, big portion of those are video. And we've made a real deliberate effort, really first and foremost to focus on the health of our members and getting practitioners and primary care doctors into the home either in person or via telehealth to make sure that the members are getting the care that they need that also has the ancillary effect of ensuring that we're identifying and documenting these conditions. So, so far so good, it's still early. There's a lot of work we have to do in the next four or five months here to make sure we hit our operational plans, but we're on pace so far. If you wouldn't mind repeating, I apologize.
Steve Willoughby: No problem. Yes. It might have been my headset. Just any color you could provide as it relates to the group MA selling season going into next year at this point.
Brian Kane: So on the group of MA side, so interesting, 2021 is an interesting year, there are number of large accounts up. And so I would say we're still working through it, but it's achievable that we might be sort of slightly down this year from a membership growth perspective. We won some, we've lost some and these are just big numbers that swings overall. I would say that the very large jumbo accounts of which there were many 2021. There were a number of accounts up this year and they're very competitive. And we have committed to being price disciplined, so that will carry through to some of the membership. I think, we look at over seven year period, we've had mid-double digit growth the last few years. But again, I think next year could be slightly -- just slightly down. But we're working through it and we'll see what we end up for the year. But I would say the large group spaces become, extremely competitive with the big players are showing, obviously, these large accounts here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
A.J. Rice: Maybe I guess I'll call it two parts or two questions, whatever. But when you're talking about the back half of the year being up to 250 to 300 basis points in MLR relative to your original expectations. There's all this discussion about how much of a backlog or procedures deferrals that are out there. And I know some of that's probably not even related to utilization that's related to what you're doing to give back. Is there any way to parse that out a little bit more and say how much order of magnitude, how much you're giving back to constituents versus what you really think utilization might end up looking like? And do you have any way to size the procedures, backlog that may exist? And then, my other part real quick would be just on your MA enrollment. You've had two really good years of MA enrollment last year and this year. There's a trend that you did the first year, you don't have much margin in that business. Then the second year you have a step up. Obviously, we got a lot of dynamics going on. Do you think you're on sort of a normal path for those ageing members? Or do you think for any reason would have accelerated or not occurred as fast as it normally might.
Brian Kane: I would say on your second question, I think they're on a similar pattern in terms of what we're seeing a really similar to the last question around making sure your operational plans around the documentation side. So far so good that they're on that similar path, but somehow we're very, very focused on. The retail team has done a really extraordinary job to ensure that we get to our members and engage with them. And so, we continue to do that, we're very focused there. On the sort of parsing out 250 and 300 basis points, one thing I'd say is that, we said we're giving back about $2 billion of support. I would say a good portion of that's happening in the back half and so not all that is MLR or portion of that is MLR, but I would say a good amount of that is going to be in the back half of the year. And so that hopefully helps you [indiscernible].
A.J. Rice: Could I just add on that, are you looking at -- that sort of a normal utilization in the back half as opposed to a sort of rebound or surge and utilization that was deferred in the first half, it sounds like you more normal.
Brian Kane: Yes. I would say and what we said in our remarks was more normal as we're bouncing back to normal, we could see that progression of getting back to normal, there might be periods where it goes slightly above. We've seen a few markets where it goes above slightly, goes above the baseline that could happen periodically throughout the year, depending on the pace of the virus and how severe it is in any particular location. And so, but I think broadly, right, that'll be close to normal with perhaps them above it. And then, we have the COVID testing costs and treatment costs as well. That would take it above it and so that's also sort of a drag on the back half earnings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with BMO. Your line is now open.
Matthew Borsch: So I hope you can hear me [Technical Difficulty] morning. Clicking on the level of competition seen in the retail and [Technical Difficulty] that's close to group and if you're seeing more from non-public companies, if you're seeing more for some of these startup, MA plan. Any thoughts you have on that, I guess Walmart [Technical Difficulty] MA plans. I don't know what the story is there.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Let me take that. On the competitive front, we do see some of the smaller plans. They grew on a base a very small base, but they grew substantially last year and some of the markets there and some of the ones that are oriented to more of a better experience. And I think that is probably in Florida and a little bit in the northeast that we've experienced that. But there's a few in Texas and so on that we've seen. I mean, they're always a concern to us, but we continue to believe our brand is strong in the market that we compete with them. Obviously our value proposition is strong, both with our customers and with our providers. And in addition that we continue to see our experience levels through our technology investments, some of our clinical investments that we're doing as being a real differentiator in the marketplace. So as they continue to look at as being a competitor, I think our value proposition continues to increase not only from a benefit point of view, but I think from an experience and clinical point of view that competes in that I think actually gets ahead of what they're doing. And what was your second question?
Matthew Borsch: Well, I heard that Walmart might be launching --
Bruce Broussard: Yes. I'm sorry. On that one, they're not really getting into the MA business; they're getting into the MA distribution business. And they have been in that business for a long period of time and so that they would distribute a Humana product but also distribute other products -- competitor products. We traditionally had a relationship with them at one time we actually managed their sales force that sold agnostic products. So we don't see it as much of a change, I think, it's a way for them to continue to get people to come into their store and provide another product so to speak on the shelf or for their customers, but we don't see it being anything in our territory and we frankly like it as a great compliment to us as they can continue to be a distributor for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Newshel with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Mike Newshel: I actually have a related question on competition and distribution, that's some good performance from your telephonic sales channels so far this year, and there is a bigger shift to phone and visual this AEP. Do you see yourself as having any relative advantage in that channel versus competing plans? Would you expect any impact on your market share of the industry growth?
Bruce Broussard: I'm not going to comment any specificity there. I mean, we continue to have really strong relationships with those partners. We've seen it as being a channel that is continuing to grow as a result of the convenience of it. We continue to see investments by our competitors in that marketplace. I don't think it's a proprietary channel. That is that we have something over somebody else. So we do see it as being a competitive channel in the marketplace and we do believe that others will use it. Again, I think we have proven that not only the channel is important, but then also the ability to retain the customer. And I think the retention side is something that we continue to shine, no matter what channel we use.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Mok: This is Andrew Mok on for Steve. I wanted to ask about ESRD. As we get closer to the full open enrollment season, do you have any updated views on the uptake for Medicare Advantage among ESRD patients in 2021? And I'm curious to hear your thoughts on the relaxed network adequacy standards and how that impacts your network design or product offerings for 2021? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: We have not given any indication of what we think the penetration rate would be within Medicare Advantage. So I think we'll leave it to the industry experts to provide that. On the network adequacy side, we do believe that the ability to now offer a much broader network as a result of the competitive nature or lack of competitive nature in the industry gives an ability for us to deliver alternatives in the marketplace for our customers offer, I believe, a much more compelling product as a result of being able to bring innovation into the marketplace, whether it's in the home, whether it's in the ability for or to help out in -- from a telephonic point of view or to also be able to bring other care providers into the marketplace. So we look at this as a very large positive for the industry and really allowing a much more cost effective, many more choices in the marketplace and at the same time, being able to deliver a much more cost effective solution for our customers and for the federal government.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with UBS. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo: Maybe just a follow-up on that last question. I think you guys announced a number of kidney care partnerships recently like to hear a little bit more about that. And I haven't thought about the Hospice Corbin in some time, and I think that's still in the mix for next year, not really sure. So maybe just an update on your current thoughts would be great.
Bruce Broussard: And Brian, you want to take that?
Brian Kane: Sure. With respect to the kidney partnerships really, it's around, how do we slow disease progression from chronic kidney conditions to ESRD. And so we have some really good partners that that we're working with. We're excited about the partnerships that, that we've struck. It's still obviously early days and working through this, but we believe we can make a meaningful impact there. So we'll see where those go and how meaningful they are. I would just say that people are being constructive and trying to figure out how -- especially in light of the number of ESRD patients that may answer Medicare Advantage, how do we care for these individuals. And so we've been very focused on that. We spent a lot of time internally as well developing care programs for our kidney patients. And, again, that'll be only enhanced by our partnerships. With respect to the Hospice Corbin, we're still working through it. We do anticipate participating in the pilot. We think it's potentially could have a lot of merit in terms of creating a much more seamless care coordination for our members as they proceed through their various life phases. We think there also could be some savings as well to the system that we're able to actually have hospice as part of the Medicare Advantage system and create, again, a much more seamless transition in the various phases of care. And we think that'll result in potentially better outcomes and lower costs, but it's still very, very early days. It's something that our teams are working through and I think it'd be start getting results of the pilot will have a lot more to say about the topic.
Bruce Broussard: I think just adding to Brian's comments on our partnerships, I think the evident from the number of partnerships that we've established in the marketplace today is just a really good example of how the network adequacy and expanding that has created a much more competitive marketplace even early -- to set its early stages of this. So I think it is a testimony to the power of the expansion of the network.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Bruce Broussard for closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: I appreciate everyone's time. I know this is a little longer than normal quarterly calls. So we appreciate all the engagement in our operating results and obviously the support that our shareholders have provided us over the last many years. And also, I can't leave the call without thanking our 50,000 teammates that have done a wonderful job and being able to transition to home, be able to serve our members, and then in addition, being able to provide our shareholders the financial performance that you saw this quarter. So thank you, everyone, and thank you again for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to hand the call over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Amy Smith. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2020 results and our updated financial outlook for 2020, as well as our pandemic relief efforts. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's Web site, humana.com later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statements. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our first quarter 2020 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements. And to note in particular that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including a potential impacts to us of; one, actions taken by federal, state and local government to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and in turn, relax those restrictions; two, actions taken by us to expand benefits for our members and provide relief for the healthcare provider community in connection with COVID-19; three, disruptions in our ability to operate our business effectively; and four, negative pressure in economic, employment and financial markets among other, all of which creates additional uncertainties and risks for our business. Our forward-looking statements therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discuss in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release or historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion include financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation to the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Amy. And good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me say that in these unprecedented times, we are grateful for the tireless efforts of the many clinicians who have been front and center in treating patients with COVID-19. We are all better off for their compassionate and unwavering commitment to the health of others. At Humana, we've been working relentless to ease some of the burden on all stakeholders by being proactive and transparent in our engagement as we navigate the global coronavirus pandemic, including the recovery and reentry efforts as we emerge into a new normal that is yet to be defined. I'm thankful for and proud of the extraordinary efforts of our associates in addressing this generational challenge. This crisis has confirmed the strength of our integrated care delivery strategy with a deep focus on member and provider experiences, and a multifaceted personalized approach to care that combines digital, data analytics and telehealth across home and clinic settings to deliver quality care and improved clinical outcomes to those we serve. As an organization focused on serving vulnerable population, including over 8 million Medicare beneficiaries, we recognize that safety and particularly consumer confidence in the ability to once again safely begin using the healthcare system are top of mind with everyone and we play a pivotal role in ensuring both. Humana will continue to persist in addressing health and financial concerns for members, providers and employer groups, while also supporting our associates who are critical to our success. We are being proactive in our actions to support all these stakeholders, including our outreach to nearly 500,000 members most at risk for COVID-19 across our segments as identified by their proximity to COVID-19 hotspots and those with multiple chronic conditions. One of our key learnings from the crisis is that a significant number of beneficiaries have concerns about food and security, social isolation and access to needed prescription medicines. To help address these concerns around social determinants of health, we've taken several actions. Specifically, we've fulfilled orders for over 0.5 million meals, initiated efforts to address loneliness by connecting members with emotional support services, like the friendship line and the National Disaster hotline and have several pharmacy efforts underway, including early refills and increased mail order delivery. In addition, we've contributed $50 million to the Humana Foundation to support coronavirus relief and recovery efforts during and in the immediate aftermath of the health crisis, including support of healthcare workers, seniors and those experiencing food insecurity. We along with other payers have taken numerous proactive steps to do our part. To address our members financial and health concerns, in addition to the meal delivery and the pharmacy efforts discussed previously; we waived member costs related to COVID-19 diagnostic testing and treatment, expanded access to telehealth services by waving out of pocket costs for services delivered by participating in network providers; pivoted our Medicaid long-term support services in person care management program to a telephonic model to connect our care coaches and members via face time; increased the use of digital health for military families, including behavioral services and help convene TRICARE policy changes, such as the enrollment waivers for military families unable to pay premiums. To support providers, we took steps to ease liquidity concerns. Alleviate capacity issues across the system and allow them to focus on the immediate needs of their patients, including releasing approximately $1 billion in advanced funding for providers at a time when cash flow is meaningfully challenged, lifting certain provider administrative requirements, simplifying and expediting claims processing, suspending in network clinical authorization requirements, and accepting audio only telephone visits for reimbursement equivalent to an in-person visit. And lastly to support our employer groups, we've extended our 30 day grace period for premiums for small commercial groups facing financial hardship, temporarily waived certain active work requirements for employees to maintain coverage and assisted small businesses with resources to help navigate the CARES Act and Paycheck Protection Program, as well as other sources of funding. Given the changes made to promote and advance the continuation of care, while social distancing our providers, especially those in the [Technical Difficulty] arrangements, we've seen incredible upticks in telehealth for both care related to COVID-19, as well as general health concerns. Telehealth visits with traditional telehealth partners have more than doubled and the growth is even more compelling when you factor in brick and mortar providers that have pivoted to telehealth. Telehealth, together with increases of our mail order pharmacy and early fills, allows our members with chronic conditions to continue to receive care to prevent long-term negative health implications. This with declaration of the national emergency in mid March, we have closed approximately 630,000 gaps in care. Further the providers in our value based arrangements saw the benefit of predictable cash flow streams and were the fastest to innovate and create thoughtful digital telehealth strategies in response to the crisis. To underscore the meaningful and lasting impact of these actions, let me share a story from our proactive outreach to our most vulnerable members. One member emailed me to let me know that he never felt more like an important family member than the day he received a call from one of our associates. During the crisis, we're simply calling to see how he was doing and asked whether he needed anything. Thankfully, he was doing fine and even noted that the Humana mail order pharmacy had renewed his prescription the day before. Our associate had, made his day with one simple action and he describes Humana as wonderful. This is one of countless stories that show the proactive actions are having the positive impact. I share this not to pat ourselves on the back but rather to demonstrate the importance of working together with our industry peers to deliver solutions. Building on our relationships with our members as key touch points for determining and meeting their needs. Perhaps what's most inspiring is the way that healthcare sector and the general business community have come together to address the crisis and the meaningful public partnership led by the federal government. For example, providers and lab companies prioritizing COVID lab tests. Manufacturers changing production lines to create respiratory and ventilators. Retailers expanding testing facilities by facilitating drive thru testing sites and not for profits working to distribute food in their local markets. We believe this cross industry collaboration and public private partnership has enabled agility and innovation as we navigate this crisis and we're not done. Health plans can play a major role in developing a comprehensive and actionable plan. As we serve as a critical link between the individual and the provider, and can leverage our data capabilities to inform and guide the recovery. We will continue to invest to help our constituency during and in the aftermath of the crisis, including recovery and re-entry efforts, while also building upon the digital, data and analytics, telehealth and value based care advances that were accelerated due to the pandemic. These advances will help us progress our strategy as we emerge into a new normal. Before I turn the call over to Brian, Id briefly touch on our operating performance over the last quarter. As social distancing emerged mid-March, we successfully and rapidly migrated nearly all our 46,000 associates to work at home settings, and implemented physical distancing standards and deep cleaning to protect those essential associates aided in the office. We also worked to secure additional personal protective equipment for our clinicians on the front lines and implemented new protocols for their safety, allowing us to keep our wholly-owned alliance and joint venture clinics open to serve the patients during the crisis. Our systems and technology are performing well. Our associate engagement scores remain best in class and our net promoter scores continue to be strong. Now turning to our financial performance. All of our businesses started the year strong from both a strategic and financial perspective. As we navigate through these uncertain times, we believe that this underlying strength sets us up well for 2021 and beyond. As Brian will discuss in a moment, while acknowledging the uncertainties as to the duration of the crisis and to the extent to which deferred procedures may resume, we are maintaining our previous full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $18.25 to $18.75. This also reflects our expected continued investment to help our constituencies and communities that maybe disproportionately affected by this crisis. For example, to the extent we continue to see reduced utilization for an extended time, we are committed to taking actions similar to those we've taken to date to address health and financial concerns. These actions could include, incremental benefits for members for employer groups, further clinical community support, continued assistance for payers to ensure [Technical Difficulty], further outreach to members to ensure they have access to quality care. In closing, I want to reiterate that a meaningful public private partnership is the key to long-term successful response to COVID-19. The leadership of the administration, congress, governors and mayors across the nation combined with the [Technical Difficulty] of the private sector is the right foundation to build on moving forward. Humana stands ready to be a strong and willing partner to federal, state and local governments and community non-profits. Together, we can take the lessons learned to reshape the healthcare system to provide meaningful access to care and to holistically manage health and lifestyle needs. We thank them for their partnership and look forward to our work together on these shared goals. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce and good morning, everyone. I would also like to begin by acknowledging the unique and challenging times we are facing during which we are guided by the best interest of all the constituencies that we serve. As Bruce described and as I will discuss later in my remarks, we are committed to continuing to invest to minimize the impact of this global crisis on our members, provider partners, employer groups and the communities we serve, while advancing the long-term sustainability of our company and the healthcare system as a whole. I will first discuss our results for the quarter. Today, we reported adjusted EPS $5.40 ahead of our previous expectations and as Bruce indicated, reflects a strong start to the year for all of our businesses prior to the impact of COVID. Our January through mid-March fundamentals, including strategic operational and financial metrics, were solid in outperforming our previous expectations. During the last two weeks of March, the spread of COVID-19 began to affect our business. Though the impact occurred late in the quarter such that in totality, the virus did not have a material impact on our financial results. In our retail segment prior to COVID, the individual Medicare Advantage business was running ahead of plan with per member per month premiums and utilization favorable to expectations. The members that enrolled with us in 2019, as well as the new members who joined Humana this year are also performing well. During the last two weeks of March and continuing into April, we experienced a meaningful decline in utilization with the exception of pharmacy costs, which ran higher than expected as our members with our encouragement refilled their prescriptions early to ensure they had adequate supply during the crisis. With respect to membership, during the open enrollment period from January through March, we experienced better sales and higher retention than previously expected. As a result, we are increasing our full year 2020 expected individual MA membership growth through a range of 300,000 to 350,000 from our previous range of 270,000 to 330,000. Not surprisingly, sales slowed in the latter half of March through the month of April on account of COVID affecting brokers in the field as face-to-face meetings were restricted. We have also seen a decline in member terminations during this period. We will be watching these dynamics closely as the pandemic progresses and as more brokers adopt digital channels, which we are helping to facilitate. We are also reaffirming our projected full year 2020 group MA membership growth of approximately 90,000 members, as well as our expected decline in standalone PDP membership of approximately 550,000 members. With respect to Medicaid, the results include the transition of the risk for the Kentucky contract from CareSource as of January 1st, and the business is performing well. While Medicaid membership was in line with expectations pre-COVID, we are withdrawing our membership guidance for full year 2020, acknowledging the tremendous uncertainty created by COVID-19 and the resulting economic trends. We expect these trends to be a tailwind to our previous Medicaid membership guidance of 150,000 to 200,000 for the full year, recognizing that states are not disenrolling individuals from Medicaid at this time and more individuals are beginning to qualify for coverage each day. In our Group and Specialty segment, we are similarly pleased with our performance in the quarter. Our prior period development was favorable and our current year metrics through mid-March were running consistent with expectations, including the benefit ratio for our fully insured commercial group medical business. In addition, our commercial medical membership was running in line with expectations. We're executing the first phase of a multiyear plan to sustainable growth following years of declining commercial membership. We've seen early traction in our prioritized markets as evidenced by improved volume of close ratios and retention. This progress is driven by new detailed market operating plans in these prioritize markets, key hires at the market level and targeted pricing investments to support retention. Through March, we are on track to achieve membership targets, but now we anticipate COVID-19 headwinds will be challenging for this segment, including potential small group health plan terminations and large group workforce reductions, primarily driven by the duration of the social distancing restrictions across the nation and the speed of recovery and reentry. As you will recall, we were heavily weighted to the small group business, which we expect will disproportionately be impacted by the pandemic. And accordingly, as Bruce explained, we have taken actions to assist small businesses during the crisis. Given this inherent uncertainty, we're not prepared to comment on our full year of 2020 membership or pre-tax expectations post-COVID and are withdrawing our guidance for this segment. We are closely watching how unemployment trends develop, differentiating between layoffs and furloughs as furloughs enabled by the federal payroll protection program result in employees generally continuing to receive health coverage through their employer. Lastly, our Healthcare Services segment businesses were performing well prior to COVID, with pharmacy provider and home results in line with expectations and showing nice improvement year-over-year. COVID has meaningfully impacted our pharmacy business. As many of our members avail themselves of the options to refill early when the pandemic spread to give them peace of mind. Though in the last few weeks of April, we have seen pharmacy use slow. We have also seen a material increase in mail order usage, which we believe offers members a better experience and higher medication adherence rates. Additionally, Kindred has been adversely impacted by the virus. In particular, as new home health admissions slowed dramatically. And our provider businesses, which are largely at risk, saw lower utilization in the last two weeks of March and throughout April. I will not provide more specifics around how COVID impacted the quarterly financials and our expected 2020 results. As I mentioned, the virus had an immaterial impact on the first quarter given that most of the COVID related developments occurred late in March. Although sadly some of our members have been diagnosed and treated for COVID, it is a very small percentage of our membership base, in part due to the geographic hotspots for the outbreak being in areas where our membership is relatively small. As I noted, we have experienced elevated pharmacy costs as members refilled their scripts early, as well as higher administrative spend, including with the $50 million foundation donations that Bruce mentioned to assist our multiple stakeholders, as well as higher cost broadly to address the needs caused by the pandemic. In the quarter, however, these costs were offset by the deferral of medical procedures in the back half of March as the country went into lockdown. Specifically, with respect to medical utilization, we have seen overall declines by at least 30% depending on the service category. We expect the trend of lower utilization to persist, while stay at home and other restrictions remain in place in the near-term, followed by a period of recovery in utilization rates over the coming weeks as previously deferred nonessential procedures resume with a backlog of demand. We also expect testing to ramp up as more tests become available. With respect to the full year, we are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $18.25 to $18.75. However, given the likelihood of significant variability by financial statement line item, including operating costs and benefit expense, we are withdrawing all other detailed guidance points with the exception of the Medicare membership projections discussed previously. We acknowledged that a number of variables and uncertainties will impact our results, including among others; the severity and duration of the pandemic; the continued actions taken to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and subsequent lessening of those restrictions; the timing and degree and resumption of demand for deferred healthcare services; the ability of our commercial members to pay their premium; the degree of diagnostic testing; and the cost and timing of any new therapeutic treatments or vaccines. All these items are highly variable and difficult to predict, and our reaffirmation of guidance is subject to the significant uncertainty associated with these items. As such, our response to this global health crisis and a subsequent recovery will continue to evolve over the coming months and we fully expect that any impact the experienced from lower utilization will be entirely offset by our support for our Medicare members, providers, employer groups and the communities that we serve. From a seasonality perspective, we expect that a disproportionate amount of our full year 2020 earnings will now occur in the first half, heavily weighted to the second quarter. There were significant variability in quarterly estimates based on various potential scenarios and how quickly deferred utilization bounces back and our subsequent response to any imbalances that may occur, including the timing of our staged support measures. Our current expectation is that non-essential procedures will resume and ultimately ramp up in the coming weeks and months as the system could run modestly above normal levels for a period of time. The system's ability to run at greater than normal levels will be dependent on the degree of consumer confidence in once again safely using the healthcare system, as well as system's ability to flex supply to meet demand. I will now touch briefly on our liquidity position. We significantly increased our liquidity during March with the issuance of $1.1 billion in senior notes and $1 billion draw under our one year term loan bank commitment we have in place. We felt it was prudent to tap the credit markets when faced with significant uncertainty from a global pandemic and volatility in the commercial paper market. As a result, while our debt to cap ratio of approximately 39% is higher than normal, we believe we are strongly positioned from liquidity standpoint with the ability to bring the ratio down over the course of the year based on the progression of the virus and the recovery. We've approximately $2.4 billion of cash and short term investments at our parent company, and have access to an additional $2 billion under our credit agreement. I would note, however, that we expect lower dividends from our subsidiaries to the parent this year relative to the last couple of years, in light of significant membership and premium growth in 2019 and 2020. As you are aware, we are required to hold approximately $0.12 of every dollar of incremental premium as statutory capital in our subsidiaries. Finally, a quick word about our 2021 medicare advantage bids. The team is working extremely hard to understand the potential impacts that COVID may have on our premium and cost next year. As is customary, our philosophy is to take the prudent approach to our bids that is financially sound but also offers compelling product to our customers. We are also proceeding under the assumption that $18.50 of 2020 EPS is the jumping off point as we think about our 2021 adjusted EPS growth. We will provide more commentary about our 2021 pricing on our second quarter call. With that, we will open the line up to your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Also please note that Bruce, Amy and I, are in separate locations but we will endeavor to make the Q&A as smooth as possible. Operator please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you, sir [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Sir, please proceed. Mr. Justin Lake, your line is now live.
Amy Smith: Let's go to the next question and we can come back to Justin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Sir, please proceed. Your line is now live.
Kevin Fischbeck: So it does seem like COVID create some disruption in a lot of different ways. I guess specifically when I think about the ways that you submit your bids and how you think about both coding and debt that cap score and STARs and quality. How is that factoring into what you're thinking about 2021 bids? And I guess specifically around coding, how does that impact your view on the ramp up of the new membership you got last year and this year, if it's difficult to get the right counter data?
Brian Kane: First with respect to stars, there won't a STARs impact for 2021 as that's already locked in. In fact as you think about bonus year 2022, CMS also made some adjustments such that the HEDIS and cap scores are going to be using the 2021 bonus year numbers. And so that reduces the volatility around bonus year around 2021. It does impact potentially bonus year 2023, because that's based on the service periods for 2020 and so we're working with CMS now, as well as thinking through plans as the system opens up, how do we ensure that the membership, the care they need and we close those gaps in care that drive STARs results. With respect to coding, you are correct that is one of the variables as we think about 2021 bids and the impact of COVID on those. It really will depend how quickly the system opens up, because as you alluded to the conditions that we document this year impact next year's payment. And so that's both the significant number of new members that we received last year and this year but also redocumenting conditions that are concurrent membership base has. So it's something we're very, very focused on. We obviously are working hard to make sure that we can engage with all the members we can. We're embracing telehealth, which now qualifies on video telehealth for risk adjustment purposes. So as you can imagine, it's top of mind for us.
Operator: Thank you. And we can go ahead and go back to Mr. Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Sir your line is now live. Please proceed.
Justin Lake: So Brian, just wanted to specifically I know you talk about more information on the bids for 2021 as you go forward. But a couple things here. One, just on the HIP benefit take a lot of question around how much of that you might take to the bottom line given you usually let it flowed through historically. But I think we all expect probably less than $2 plus well into the bottom line next year. Curious if you have any updated color there? And then any early thoughts on how the potential COVID impact, depending on how long it lasts, could impact membership growth next year in terms of the ability of brokers to get in front of the seniors during this crisis?
Brian Kane: Well, with respect to the HIPs and the bottom line and what we take to the bottom line and what we pass back to the members, that's just not something we're prepared to comment on. What you said about all going to the bottom line that won't happen. I think we've been very clear about that. And we always take a balanced approach to top and bottom line growth and I think you'll see us take a similar approach. That's really the way we've typically managed the HIPs coming in and out and you can expect a similar balance that we try to strike, as well as ensuring that we invest in our long-term sustainability and our integrated model, which is very, very important. With respect to COVID membership, it really will depend on how long this lasts. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have seen a decline in sales because the field brokers can't get in front of members but we've also seen a really strong telephonic sales channel and they've done quite well and continue to keep strong sales. And so we're monitoring that very closely and what the impact might be. I think, again, it depends whether this lockdown extends into the fall, or will people be comfortable out in about and engaging with brokers in person. But we're very focused on making sure that all of our brokers have the digital capabilities to be able to engage with our members telephonically and digitally if they can't do it in person. So we'll see where it goes, but I think it's really too early to comment on that for 2021.
Bruce Broussard: And Justin, Id just reemphasize. We are doing a lot of planning right now to be able to plan for more electronic and virtual sales than in the past, our market point sales and our partner are all walking side-by-side with us on this.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Mr. Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Sir please proceed.
Ralph Giacobbe: I guess just one quick one here. Are you hoping or advocating for bids getting pushed out and what's the likelihood of that in your mind? And then just the real question. Your business mix is obviously weighted to Medicare. So just wondering if you can give us a rough estimate of what percentage of your total consolidated medical costs you do consider elective and what has history suggested in terms of how much the further canceled procedures come back? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the first question and I'll let Brian spend a little bit of time on the second. Obviously, we had more time with the bids. Just as we can see how this evolves and we really would embrace that with CMS. It does create some difficulties as a result of just the timing. If we delay the bids then there's a really work process that goes through that. Ultimately, doesn't have a lot of time separated between one to another and ends up being going right up to the September time frame. So, we would love to see it happen. We are not planning on it to happen. And we are planning to submit our bids the first weekend. Brian, do you want to talk a little bit about the utilization side?
Brian Kane: The definition of elective procedures obviously has changed a bit. I think traditionally, we would use elective with the probably in the mid-teens percentage of our spend. So a relatively low dollar spend or low percentage spend, but its still a high dollar spend. I think in this crisis there have been a number of procedures that are necessary, but have been deferred and are not urgent. So I think what you'll see is a number of those procedures start to get rescheduled and so we wouldn't consider those elective, because they have to get done but we'll just go back into the queue effectively as to when they get performed. So things like cardio procedures as a perfect example, where they don't necessarily have to be done from an emergent perspective, emergency perspective, but they have to get done. So we wouldn't consider those elective. And so really the question then is just how much of this utilization bounces back and how quickly. And what we've said today is that our expectations is that there will likely be a bounce back in the coming weeks and months. It could run over a normal, I call it a modest premium to what would be normal utilization but then ultimately settle back down. And what will be interesting to watch is not only the confidence of members and patients coming back into the healthcare system, but also their comfort about using institutional settings versus more non-institutional settings. So embracing telehealth, the home for example. And so that's something we're monitoring very closely as well to understand the demand patterns of the utilization.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Steve Valiquette from Barclays. Sir please proceed.
Steve Valiquette: So actually two questions, one just to follow up quickly on that last question. Just overall for a more senior population and more Medicare focused book of business. Would you expect elective procedure percent of total cost to be lower for senior population versus more diversified population overall? Or would you be sort of in line with overall averages?
Brian Kane: I would say it should be lower, just given just the nature of the chronic conditions of the members that we serve over $0.65. So we would expect the percentage of truly electives to be less.
Steve Valiquette: And the question I really want to ask that was really just around your comment that your JV and physician clinics kind of remained open during the crisis. And given that some other physician practices may have opposite close at least temporarily. I dont know if youre able to reconcile whether you've actually taken any share within the ambulatory setting and knowing that your volume might still be down versus your baselines if overall utilization is just down overall. Just any extra color around just how you're kind of performing relative to the overall physician practice environment right now might be sort of helpful? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Our clinics are closed from the standpoint that they are all value-based payments and really for the most part of full risk model. They are also in that relationship are very oriented to much more holistic and much more proactive care models of those to fit in a care model, and the main reason we stay open is to ensure that we do keep that activity out there. Our members are attributed for lack of a better description to our clinics and therefore, they are more oriented to our sales side as they begin to come in and as they've selected both of their insurance plan and then in terms of selecting the particular clinic that they want to join. So the shear does not move as quick as a fee for service volume base, where theres someone's not open that need to go down the street to go to another area that's just not the way this business model works. And the beauty of this our clinics remaining open is that they're very active and preventing downstream costs from happening and maturing and the progression of specific diseases, and they can get to much more proactive as is our outreach program. And so much more oriented to how do we [Technical Difficulty] care in this time where a lot of providers [Technical Difficulty].
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Mr. Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Sir, please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: I want to follow up on the line question around provider groups. And not necessarily the ones that are capitated that continue to receive their monthly payments, but more around other groups that you're using in your networks. And curious what sort of stresses you're seeing? I know you talked about accelerating payments. Were those sort of prepayment of fee per service like cost typically or was that just the capitated groups and maybe any comments on network disruption and how you're dealing with that?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, a few things there. I think first we did accelerate payments for all providers. So first that we didn't differentiate between one provider or not and how we accelerated the payments. And the same thing on the removal of any kind of authorization and any administrative matters that were getting in the way of getting access to care. The second thing is and we did accelerate as part of our payments the area of bonus payments for performance and risk providers. So they naturally, since they are one of the only ones that would be getting those bonus payments, would benefit from that. But the primary acceleration came from just accelerating our payment faster than what we normally do. From a sort of a network stability, we haven't fully been able to assess that, because we're waiting for the system to open back up. We obviously have fulfilled a lot of the care gaps temporarily through telehealth and other means as to ensure that we're continuing to maintain the access to health in the area. I think over the coming months and maybe even possibly longer, we'll see what that disruption is and have a better impact on that.  But in general, I will tell you, we do see some providers and some significant financial challenges and we assisted them in many different ways. But I suspect that we'll have longer term impact, both in how people operate their business, they will see more come to value based payment models and in addition maybe some of the older physicians deciding to retire.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Mr. Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Sir, please proceed.
Charles Rhyee: Maybe staying on telehealth for a second here. A lot of the regulations were relaxed and trying to deal with this, obviously the pandemic and you mentioned how you're kind of accelerating your efforts here. If I'm not mistaken, a lot of these rules obviously were not necessarily intended right opening it up in Medicare fee for service, obviously, Medicare advantage was planned but other areas like, in home health allowing, first time visits in home health to be done virtually, et cetera. When this kind of passes, what parts of these kind of regulations do you think will stay? And are there ones that you think the federal government will kind of reinforce again? I know like some of the HIPAA rules on licensing and things like that have been sort of, are being not enforced right now. Maybe give a sense of how you think things will shape up in this area once we get past the worst of it? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: I can't give specifics on every one of them. But I would say in general what we're hoping and working with the governmental partners here on, I think a number of these will stay and be waived permanently, because I do believe what has come out of this circumstance is a renewed focus on how do we expand the access points for members, specifically members that don't have transportation, are limited in mobility. And I do believe that that will structurally change the way care is provided in the long run. In addition, what we've seen is as a result of the circumstances that physicians embracing telehealth has actually increased greatly for many that were not interested in at the outset. And I think both of those constraints waivers that have been allowed, allowed us to be much more flexible in our approach and in addition our physicians being more comfortable to using it. I think we'll continue to go forward and I think we'll see structural changes. I do think some of the protection areas, as you identified the HIPAA area, I think some areas to ensure for check between a visit, like an home health that requires you need to have a home visit, I think there will be a combination of those things that will continue and probably be a little more restrictive. But I think in general we're going to see more support for telehealth on both the regulation side and on the physician adaptability.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Mr. A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
A.J. Rice: Maybe just a specific question and then a broader one on the commercial business. Can you give us any updated numbers as to how many people or what percentage are taking advantage of grace periods in terms of paying premiums and has that increased in a meaningful way? And then I appreciate the comments on the virtual care and telemedicine. Is there any other areas where you would say in these early days, did you think about how this crisis is impacting the healthcare system that would be worth highlighting as potential changes long-term that could persist after the crisis?
Brian Kane: So on the commercial side with respect to grace period, we've seen some. I'd rather not give the specifics. We are still seeing payments for effectively April effectives and we're getting into May effectives. We have worked with certain of our customers to provide that grace period, but I'd rather not give a percentage. Obviously, it's an increase from what we typically see. But I think it's still early candidly in terms of where that might shake out, particularly as this wears on, you could see more of that. I'd say it's been reasonably modest but nonetheless, we've been working with a number of our customers in that regard.
Bruce Broussard: And maybe I would say a few things there. I would say first, as you mentioned telehealth. I also would say home is continuing to be an area where we're seeing a lot more interest in the ability to provide more acute services. Those services are primary care services that would normally be in an office setting, even getting to a hospital in the home area even if that's in the home. And what we're seeing in our business is [Technical Difficulty] ability to offer alternative setting to [Technical Difficulty] to the telehealth side. For our organization [Technical Difficulty] I think that we really saw in this crisis is the ability to be much more personalized and direct in the cohorts that we were focused on to be able to provide a care model as much more [Technical Difficulty] much more at the condition, the needs of the individual and become focused on how do we deliver that in a way that has got a number of different services to it. So that's the analytic area. But in addition, the care plan and the other area and then in addition the providers that provide that. So we saw much deeper opportunity to be most helpful with our members in a much more proactive fashion. And then the last thing I would really emphasize the value based payment model. What we have seen and heard back from providers and from both side, the fee for service traditional model and then also the members, I mean the physicians that have relationships with us that are risk based. On the risk-based side they say, Im thankful I was in a risk-based model where, A, I was getting a consistent cash flow being paid as a percentage of premiums. In addition, I was able to be much more proactive and going and reaching out to my patients. I had both had the motivation and the reason to do it that allowed me to not only have the cash flow, but in addition the proactive nature of it also benefits me longer term. And so we saw this awareness of what value based relation shifts are and the ability to leverage that. So in summary, I would say telehealth, home, analytics and value based payments.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And your next question comes from the line of Mr. Scott Fidel from Stephens Inc. Sir, please proceed.
Scott Fidel: I wanted to just ask a question just know it's hard to ask sort of non-COVID questions. But just interested in your assessment on the final 2021 rates. And then in just particular how comfortable you are at this point in terms of how CMS addressed ESRD for next year. I know that prior to the preliminary rates, you had expressed quite a bit of concern and then you sounded a bit more comfortable after the prelims came out. So just interested in where your sentiments are now and now post the final rates. Thanks.
Brian Kane: So with respect to broad rates, obviously they're less than the last two years but still from a historical perspective largely in line. It does vary year-over-year. The rates are below our trend. And so that forces us to ensure that we're being effective at matching the health of our members and ensuring that their medical costs stay in line with the rates that we get. And so that's always a challenge. And so obviously, wed like to see higher rates, because our unmanaged trends are meaningfully higher than the rates that were provided. But nonetheless, we understand year-to-year it's going to vary. With respect to ESRD, there was there was a modest increase from the preliminary to the final, more meaningful potentially if these are finalized and we're hopeful that they will be around the network adequacy rules and what would qualify for dialysis, and allowing us to use more innovative sites of care for dialysis. And so we've been a strong proponent of those. It's clearly something that we're very focused on for our 2021 pricing. I think the teams have worked very hard to do everything they can to ensure that we can provide a really good care for our members in a cost efficient way. And so we're working through that but it's something that we're eagerly anticipating the final network adequacy rules being finalized.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And your next question comes from the line of Ms. Sarah James from Piper Sandler. Ma'am please go ahead. Your line is now live.
Sarah James: I'm wondering if you guys can help us think about the sizing of the impact of extended length of stay at acute due to the CDC guidelines on requiring two negative tests before patients can be admitted into a SNF or an IRF. Are you seeing that pressure your hospital costs or extend length of stay?
Brian Kane: Sarah, I don't know the answer to that. I have not heard that directly but we can come back to you and get you the answer.
Bruce Broussard: And as Brian articulated in his opening comments. For us, we have seen not a significant number of COVID cases and so the impact would be small in any event.
Sarah James: And then continuing on the telehealth theme, I know you guys have this innovative product on hand, partnership with doctor on demand, but that is sort of a telemedicine first type of product. How are you thinking about expanding that or bringing it to the Medicare book now that more seniors have been forced into adopting and installing and understanding telemedicine? So how much of a priority is that when you think about your 2021 product profile?
Bruce Broussard: I would say telehealth has [Technical Difficulty] this has been an important attribute within our method plan even before this, so we're very oriented to incorporating telehealth in there. With that being said, I think it's less about getting it into the, I would say, into the benefit and more getting adaptability with our members. What we do find is that the adaptability of pure telehealth with a video is much less than what youre seeing in the commercial space as a result of both access to technology and just the comfort of using technology. And so one of the areas that we're working hard on is to continue to find ways that we can increase the adoption of pure telehealth as opposed to just telephonic there. So I would say for us, it's not as much about the benefit itself, but as much as how can we get people to use it and utilize it. And we have a number of initiatives going on even before this but now even more intensely after the crisis.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Mr. Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Sir, please proceed.
Ricky Goldwasser: So two questions here. One, when we think about the benefit from telehealth, I mean, you talked about the fact that primary care physicians are now feeling more comfortable and incorporating into the work flow, part of it is necessity, part of it is also the fact that now their reimbursement rates have been brought up in the same level. So as you think about kind of benefit design for the future, do you expect that component of primary care rates for televisit or some sort of virtual visit to be in line with the current level to really encouraged him to continue and use telehealth and advocate it to their patients? That's one. And then the second question is around testing. We've been hearing in last few days a lot about drug retailers and labs and some plans working together on both the molecular and serology testing. So any color, any plans of what you're doing in that area?
Bruce Broussard: The first question around the telehealth visit and they're going to be equal to an in office. We have to study that. I think there's a number of motivations outside of just payment of using telehealth. And I think the awareness of the power of telehealth I think is increasing the physician area and their workflow, I think has been adapted for it. And I don't know if this payment has to be at that level or not. I think we'll find the right motivators for that, because everyone is keen on continuing to find a more distributed touch point for healthcare. We'll obviously keep you guys updated on that. I don't have a full analysis on that so that one, we'll talk about it sometime in the future. And then on the serology testing, we are very supportive of it. We feel that the serology testing is an important part of being able to reopen the economy and be able to know if you're safe and going into both the healthcare system but in the public side. I think we are very supportive of our lab partners and in addition our distributors are able to deliver those tests to be work with them. I would say one of the things that we continue to try and understand is that how impactful, they are because of their accuracy and in addition the percentage of the population that is truly immune to this. And I think we are eagerly watching a few studies out there, and Providence out on the West Coast is doing a study that with their providers and being able to understand how the test works there. I know there's a large study in the New York City area that is also going about doing that. So we will be very supportive and it's the right thing to do but we are also observing is it effective.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question will come from the line of Mr. George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Sir please proceed. Your line is now live.
George Hill: I guess my first question would be, could you talk about what you saw in the Q1 reselection season as it relates to Medicare Advantage individual market? I thought that you guys raised the outlets there. And I guess was that related to more people opting into Humana plans during the reselection season? And then just my tack on would be, you alluded to trying to step up electronic selection in the MA open enrollment period process. Any comments around the plan to expect to make there in the back half of the year would be helpful? Thank you.
Brian Kane: Well, yes. As we mentioned, the open enrollment period, which is where you're referring to the January to March period. We did see higher sales and better term, so lower terminations than we had expected. I think the broker teams have done a great job in really conveying to potential members our value prop. And so they really exceeded our expectations and our members are stuck with us and so that's been positive relative to our expectations. And that's why we were able to raise guidance today in terms of Medicare growth. As COVID really started the social distancing and forced some of our brokers who go into people's homes, they weren't able to do that. We've had to encourage them and work with them to adopt digital channels, telephonic, digital, any way we can get to potential members, not in person. And so for some of our distribution channel, that's a very different distribution mechanism than they typically do. And so we've been working closely with them. And we'll continue to do so as the year progresses, particularly if this continues, as Kevin asked earlier, if this continues into the fall, were prepared to have a strong annual enrollment period for 2021. We also think that members are becoming more receptive to digital channels and telephonic sales. We have seen a significant increase and migration from in-person to more telephonic and digital channels. And so we think that is a good thing and so we expect that to continue. And COVID could potentially accelerate that trend.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question will come from
Amy Smith: Bruce, were you able to rejoin. I think Bruce accidentally got disconnected and sort of make sure he got back on.
Operator: Mr. Bruce Broussard, is not back online. Give me one second please. Ms. Smith, Mr. Mr. Bruce Broussard is back online. Your next question will come from the miners, Mr. Gary Taylor from JP Morgan. Sir, please proceed. Your line is now live.
Gary Taylor: Most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to maybe have you help us think about a little further out '21 and '22. I know, Brian, you said $18.50 would be the jumping off point from 2020, which I think sort of alludes to the possibility might over earn this year if utilization remains low. That raises the possibility might under or next year if cost trend is higher and then maybe everything's back to normal in 2022. Is that a rough framework make sense? And how does the one year MA rebate play into that? Because we have a little bit of concern that if utilization remains really low this year, you could end up paying a rebate, but you don't get that back if cost trends as higher, because the recovery, you know rolls into 2021. So as we kind of think about this normalized earnings. Does that make sense or any additional color youd provide?
Brian Kane: Well, I guess I would say that 2020 is going to be a unique year for sure. And I think we've said very clearly that we anticipate staying within our guidance range of $18.25 to $18.75. And there are a number of variables that can impact that and so we're going to manage that. And it's important to ensure our various constituents are taken care of. And so we plan to provide support there. I think as you roll forward to 2021, assuming things stabilize and get back to normal, I think it's possible to anchor off the $18.50 more of, think about 2020 is a more traditional year and then price off that. To the extent there are MA rebates or other challenges, I think we would effectively reset expectations back at the $18.50 baseline for 2020. So it's how we're thinking about our pricing and that's why we say it's a jumping off point for 2021. So really only to the extent that there are premium issues with respect to COVID and utilization differences than what we would have expected for 2021, I think that's where it might impact the 2021 earnings. But as we've said, I think we're trying to be very prudent about how we think about the potential COVID impacts for 2021 and incorporate those into our pricing. So I think we're able to create a stable baseline here, notwithstanding the potential meaningful volatility we'll see in 2020.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And your next question will come from the line of Mr. Dave Windley from Jeffries. Sir your line is now live. Please proceed.
Dave Windley: I'm wondering, is it possible in the first maybe a couple of months before you started to see a little bit of COVID impact to tell whether the repositioning in your PDP business actually achieved what you wanted it to achieve. And then how that might influence further strategy for 21 bids, and do you think that you can return that to membership growth going forward?
Bruce Broussard: I'll say a few things about PDP. I think as we have indicated on our fourth quarter call, we did see meaningful growth in the new plan we set up the low price point and that actually did quite well. And the determinations really came from the plan and we had to increase in the premiums, significant increasing the premiums there and I would say that we had to raise our estimates as a result of that. As weve entered the first quarter, we've continued to see the same aspect of that, and we love to be in the lower premium plan that compete and we enter the bid season that is something we're constantly analyzing and seeing how we could be in the lower price premium plan. I would say in general what we are seeing in PDP and you saw an industry decrease in membership overall is that we're starting to see that there's more movement into Medicare Advantage and away from just the PDP side. And we see that as a very positive, I always say it industry wide but more importantly as we look at our numbers we've seen some great conversions coming from PDP to MA PDP. And so I would say that as we think about Part D, we look at that as a opportunity to grow. It's very competitive and going to both the share and we anticipate going into next year. But we see the real value is continuing to pay what more and more of our members under the Medicare Advantage.
Operator: Thank you sir. And your next question will come from the line of Mr. Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Sir, please proceed.
Steve Willoughby: Just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on something Brian was mentioning. As it relate to the drop off you're potentially going to see here in utilization, you've made some comments about providing additional support for members providers, and I believe the community. Just what does that actually mean going forward? And how do you decide sort of who's getting what and how and when? Just providing a little bit more color on how you're kind of balancing that offset there?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, we believe first just to put context around it and continuing to support the broad constituents [Technical Difficulty] and those providers to our members to like communities -- our community support. That is just an area that I would like to say and that's sort of the broad area. As we think about what the most [Technical Difficulty] our plan and our initial stages, we found that the access to food was very, very important. Social isolation and behavioral health, prevention is more import, ensuring people had access to pharmacy and the continuation of ability to receive care [Technical Difficulty] we look at the same thing as being [Technical Difficulty] the social distancing will continue. We believe that the mobility of our most vulnerable patients will continue to be challenged as a result of that. And we believe that all of those things [Technical Difficulty] depression at the same time the ability to fill their script [Technical Difficulty] and support those in the communities [Technical Difficulty] and the provider side and the added ability that number of [Technical Difficulty] income and we feel that there are a number of charitable organizations that can help us [Technical Difficulty] and so support. As Brian's articulated and I articulated, it's important for us to also stage as best that those investments be staged as we see the evolution of the healthcare system come back and that we can reinvest any kind of depression and the utilization and to the opportunity to put it into those that are being supportive, because [Technical Difficulty] we're trying some of the impact of the utilization being depressed. We'll continue to invest in areas around if we see benefits needing to change and encouraging to ensure that there are not financial barriers that would be another area that we'll also focus on.
Amy Smith: Bruce, you're breaking up a little bit there. So I just want to make sure, Steve, that you have any follow-ups, anything you might have missed.
Steve Willoughby: No, I don't think so. I think he provided color. Thank you. 
Bruce Broussard: And Amy, I apologize for that. I'm on a landline. So I dont know why Im breaking out.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Whit Mayo from UBS. Please proceed, your line is now live.
Whit Mayo: I just have one question. With some of the MedSup and Medigap plans being phased out. Is that having any impact on seniors buying decisions around those plans versus MA coverage? Do you think that the potential economic challenges that will face may influence any changes that favors MA over Medigap? Just kind of curious your perspective on that dynamic. Thanks.
Brian Kane: I would say the phase out of the effectively the full coverage plan on our MedSup, I would say it's more on the margin. There might be some marginal transfer to MA. There still are very rich plans on the MedSup side that allow people, if they want MedSup can get it. They're not full coverage, but very close with the deductible. And so I think there's probably some benefit, but it's on the margin. I think the question is as you go into economic uncertainty, I mean I think depending on the member, but in many, many cases, MA saves members money. And so from that perspective, I think on the margin we could see incremental growth, because of any economic downturn on the MA side. But again, I think it's on the margin that would be our assessment there.
Operator: Thank you. And presenters, there are no further questions on the queue. I will be turning the call back to Mr. Broussard for the closing remarks.
Bruce Broussard: [Technical Difficulty] teammates, employees and associates [Technical Difficulty] in the transition and really our reach to our members. And can't send enough to [Technical Difficulty] federal and local that have found ways to help the system how making the response much more quicker in addition the ability for us to have much more impact [Technical Difficulty]. And lastly, we always appreciate [Technical Difficulty] shareholders [Technical Difficulty] year, especially the [Technical Difficulty]. So with that, I hope everyone [Technical Difficulty] and stay safe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you everyone for participating. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. You have a lovely day and stay safe.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Humana Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to hand the call over to your first speaker, Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, please go ahead.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2019 results and our updated financial outlook for 2020. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our fourth quarter 2019 earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Amy. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.28 for the fourth quarter of 2019 and $17.80 for the full-year above our previous estimate of $17.75. We are pleased with our 2019 performance, particularly our success in balancing and executing on multiple priorities as we grew membership, improve the quality and productivity of our operations, and continued to invest in the long-term. During 2019, we experienced significant membership growth in both Medicare Advantage and Medicaid, where we were able to serve our country's sickest and most vulnerable population in need of quality care and better health outcomes. For individual Medicare Advantage, we saw the highest growth we've seen in a decade with over a half a million seniors choosing Humana MA plans. In addition, we have a record number of MA members in 4-star and higher plans. Our Medicaid membership grew nearly 38% with our statewide Florida win for 2019, and we added approximately 140,000 members on January 1, 2020 under our Kentucky Medicaid contract that was previously fully ceded to CareSource. We also demonstrated the strength of our Medicaid capabilities through procurements, expanded our senior-focused, payor-agnostic, primary care centers, significantly advanced our home health capabilities, expanded our pharmacy operations, and took significant initial steps towards creating an interoperable health ecosystem via technology partnerships. As we begin to scale our clinical solutions in 2020, we are continuing to balance our strategic initiatives across five key areas of influence on a members health journey, primary care, home, pharmacy, social determinants of health, and behavioral. Let me give you an update on the recent progression in some of these areas. In 2019, we opened 29 senior-focused primary care centers under our wholly-owned Alliance and JV model, bringing our center total to 262, and we continue to see the maturity of our value-based care platform resulting in more providers in surplus, and improve the operating performance of our legacy Conviva operations. We are now evolving from proof-of-concept to scaling these senior-focused, value-based primary care assets. And just this week, we announced an exciting strategic partnership with Welsh, Carson, Anderson, & Stowe that will accelerate our payor-agnostic center expansion, giving more seniors access to quality primary care built around their unique health needs, especially in geographies that lack the access today. WCAS is an important strategic partner in Humanas journey of building an omni-channel, senior-focused consumer platform, and this new arrangement is a capital efficient approach to rapid expansion. WCAS, together with Humana has committed approximately $600 million to create a joint venture that is expected to open a minimum of 50 payor-agnostic, senior-focused primary care centers over three years, beginning in 2020. WCAS will maintain majority ownership and Partners in Primary Care will manage the centers for a management fee. Similar to our innovative deal to acquire Kindred at Home, put and call options provide Partners in Primary Care with a path to full ownership of the centers in five to 10 years. We are excited to be able to work with WCAS to facilitate faster entry into additional community in need of senior-focused primary care. We are also expanding our JV and Alliance model and expect to add 35 centers in 2020 with these important partners. Today, we serve over a quarter of a million of our individual MA members in our owned JV and Alliance model. Our goal is to double the number of members served in this model over the next several years. Our pharmacy operations just completed the acquisition of Enclara Healthcare, one of the nation's largest hospital benefit -- pharmacy and benefit management organizations. This acquisition provides Humana Pharmacy the opportunity to expand our comprehensive care continuum strategy to cover the pharmacy-related needs associated with hospice care, simplify the mail order pharmacy experience and advance the technology stack for in-home pharmacy through areas such as enhanced mobile medication management and improved electronic medical record connectivity. In the home, we advanced our transformational home health initiative with Kindred at Home and Curo through the implementation of a company-wide EMR and the extrapolation of best practices for our [indiscernible] over 20,000 home health episodes. The next phase beginning in 2020 is to provide more care services in the home, including acute care and primary care in the home, so that we may begin to generate meaningful trend vendors for our health plans in the future while improving clinical outcomes for our seniors. We remain committed to improving the life of those we serve through our social determinants capabilities, which positions us strongly to serve the vulnerable populations, Medicare and Medicaid and provide us with the experience needed to meaningfully participate in the MA value-based insurance design program and Medicaid procurements. In 2019, we scaled social determinants of health screenings to over 1 million more than double the number of screenings in 2018 and connected those in need to community resources. We will continue to expand our outreach and services around social determinants of health in 2020 and beyond. Lastly, recognizing that healthcare continues to evolve, and technology will be at the forefront of the evolution, we announced two key strategic partnerships in 2019 with Microsoft and Epic to leverage technology to develop a health ecosystem that enables a seamless and integrated experience. Our focus in 2020 will be migration to the cloud to enable interoperability and agility. In addition, we are seeing nice uptick in provider engagement on Compass, our population health delivery platform, and a higher direct-to-consumer sales completions in our digital, virtual, intelligent plan recommendation tool as compared to our standard online enrollment tool. We've also seen that members who use the virtual recommendation tool are significantly more likely to share their health information with us in ways that could improve their decision making and help us better onboard and engage clinically once they are enrolled. As a Company, we continue to emphasize the enduring need to drive efficiency and productivity across the organization, while not losing focus on the key themes of providing a simpler experience for our customers and delivering better health outcomes. As we discussed last quarter, the return of the health insurance industry fee in 2020 posed a significant headwind for the industry, reinforcing this need to drive productivity. As Brian will describe, we work diligently to identify ways to improve our cost structure by leveraging technology to streamline processes and executing a reduction in our workforce, including redeployment of individuals to open positions, which impacted approximately 2,000 jobs. While we were able to drive meaningful savings, it was not an easy task and there are still members who experienced an increase in premium or reduction in benefits for 2020, given the magnitude of the HIF. Given the significance of the headwind, particularly the $2.10 headwind from the non-deductibility of the HIF, we are pleased to be provide the initial adjusted EPS guidance in the range of $18.25 to $18.75, representing reasonable growth while also delivering solid expected MA membership growth. We expect to add 270,000 to 330,000 individual MA members in 2020, representing growth of approximately 7.5% to 9.2%, which we believe at a minimum will be in line with the industry growth. These expected results reflect balanced growth across all segments, with each segment projected to deliver meaningful pretax or EBITDA growth in 2020. Brian will provide more detailed segment level guidance in his remarks. As we have discussed previously, given the HIF as a premium-based fee, beneficiaries and Medicare Advantage and Medicaid, the sicker and most vulnerable populations are disproportionately taxed. Despite that, seniors continue to increasingly choose Medicare Advantage over original Medicare. With compelling individual MA industry growth of 8.7% in 2019, excluding the impact of cost plans, compared to 7.2% in 2018 and 6.1% in 2017, MA penetration continues to increase reaching 34% in 2019. And 2020 industry growth is expected to keep pace with 2019 even with the return of the HIF, a testament to the value the MA program provides and a model for other potential public, private partnerships for additional populations needing affordable healthcare. Accordingly, we are pleased that Congress waived the fee beginning in 2021, recognizing that the imposition of the HIF falls disproportionate on Medicare beneficiaries and reduces affordability. The permanent repeal of the HIF is a significant win for consumers and we appreciate  appreciative of the strong bipartisan support to repeal it. Looking ahead, we are committed to delivering strong short-term performance while investing in transformative capabilities for the long-term sustainability of the company. To that end, we will continue to stay focused on three key priorities; expanding our local presence with primary care centers, the home and value-based partnership models, modernizing our digital and analytics infrastructure, including cloud migration, interoperability and the creation of a longitudinal health record and developing an enterprise clinical operating model built on technology and analytics to integrate our clinical assets focused on patient centered care and disease specific best practices. In closing, I want to personally thank our associates for their dedication to our strategy and operational excellence. We are pleased that because of their exemplary efforts and our success in 2019, including improved net promoter score, significantly individual MA membership growth and adjusted EPS growth in excess of our long-term target, we are able to reward our associates with higher incentive-based compensation. Our associates continued to demonstrate world-class engagement, which manifest and a better experience for our customers leading to a long-term sustainability for the company. Over the next year, we expect political discussion to continue to focus on healthcare and results in market volatility. However, we are confident in the Medicare Advantage program, which has significant bipartisan support and our opportunity to be part of the solution to both addressing the rising cost of healthcare and the need for quality outcomes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $2.28 for the fourth quarter of 2019 and $17.87 for the full-year, ahead of our previous expectations. This represents a 23% increase in adjusted EPS year-over-year. These 2019 results led by industry-leading individual, Medicare Advantage membership growth and better than expected MA utilization provide positive momentum going into 2020. We expect 2020 to be another strong year for the company with solid top and bottom line growth, notwithstanding the return of the health insurance fee or HIF, which is not deductible for tax purposes. As I discussed our 2019 results, and our expectations for 2020 this morning, I encourage you to reference the waterfall slide provided on our Investor Relations website with the webcast materials. As outlined in the waterfall, we expect a 2020 adjusted EPS range of $18.25 to $18.75, which is consistent with our commentary last quarter. We believe we struck the appropriate balance between top and bottom line growth, while investing for long-term sustainability as we contemplated our 2020 pricing, recognizing the significant impact of the return of the non-deductible health insurance fee, of which the after-tax portion alone is worth $2.10 for the year. Our strong Medicare Advantage growth in both individual and group MA is driving our 2020 consolidated revenue growth of approximately 14% at the midpoint of our revenue guidance of $73.9 billion to $74.5 billion. And we are forecasting strong and balanced pretax and EBITDA growth across our three reporting segments. Additionally, as we contemplate the quarterly progression of earnings in 2020, we expect the first quarter to contribute a bit more than 24% of the annual total, which contemplates unusually high workday seasonality in the quarter, primarily due to 2020 being a leap year. Before discussing the segment results, I would like to echo what Bruce said in his remarks regarding the exemplary performance of our associates this past year. We are pleased that we were able to reward our associates with higher incentive-based compensation given the outperformance in 2019, aligning our associates' compensation with the exceptional value they provide for our customers, providers, and shareholders. An important part of the work our team accomplished during 2019 was to drive significant productivity savings, which took a great deal of effort and necessitated difficult decisions. These important initiatives are part of our longer journey to drive cost efficiency over the last number of years. In fact, when you exclude approximately 170 basis points for the impact of the HIF in 2020, the midpoint of our guidance range for the operating cost ratio is 10.3%, down 110 basis points versus last year. Even when you exclude the incremental investments made in 2019 that increased our operating cost ratio, the 2020 midpoint adjusted to exclude the HIF still demonstrates 70 basis points of improvement over the 11% midpoint of our initial guide for 2019. This improvement continues to compelling efficiency gains driven over the last five years, freeing up resources to help mitigate the impact on premiums and benefits for our members due to the return of the HIF, while also driving solid earnings growth and enabling us to invest in critical strategic areas. I will now turn to segment results and as I do, I will touch briefly on 2019 and then transition to how we are improving operating results in 2020. I will begin with the Retail segment. In 2019, we saw industry-leading individual Medicare Advantage growth of approximately 525,000 members. The highest growth we have seen in a decade. We also experienced considerably lower utilization in Medicare Advantage than our expectations, which allowed us to end 2019 with a benefit ratio for the Retail segment 70 basis points below the midpoint of our initial guidance for the year. We have now experienced multiple years of declining inpatient admissions for 1,000 members for APTs in Medicare Advantage, driven primarily by better health outcomes from our clinical programs coupled with well-controlled outpatient. physician and pharmacy trends. The 2019 improvement allowed us to invest this outperformance into our 2020 bids, which when coupled with our productivity efforts will enable us to grow our individual MA book at the market growth rate at a minimum. This is something we are quite proud of given the material headwinds we faced in 2020 and after coming off an exceptional growth year in 2019. Our group MA business continues to perform well and we expect to grow group MA membership by approximately 90,000 members or 17% in 2020, primarily driven by the addition of a large group account from a competitor. As you know, group MA membership growth can vary widely from year-to-year based on the pipeline of opportunities, particularly large accounts going out to bid. We believe we are well positioned to capture these opportunities as they arise. For our standalone PDP business, in 2019, we experienced a second consecutive year of significant declines in membership as we no longer were the low price plan in any market. As we've discussed previously, this business is exceedingly price competitive with a winner take all dynamic. Accordingly, as you are aware, we made important changes in 2020, repositioning our PDP products to allow us to once again have the low price offering in most markets. Our new low price Humana Walmart Value Rx Plan is seeing nice growth in 2020, in line with expectations. However, this growth is not enough to overcome the significant losses we are seeing in our Premier Rx Plan, where most members experienced a significant increase in Premium in 2020 because of our plan design changes caused by the three plan limit imposed by CMS and an aging population with more chronic conditions and higher pharmacy costs. Based on the final results of AEP, our expectations for 2020 PDP membership losses have improved relative to our prior guidance, and we now expect to lose approximately 550,000 members compared to our previous estimate of approximately 600,000. While these losses are modestly higher than initially expected at the time of bids, the planned changes we made in 2020 were necessary to attract a balanced risk pool and stem the membership losses in our book going forward. Lastly, our Medicaid business continues to perform well and we are excited about the opportunities ahead for this business. Effective 1/1/2020, we added approximately 140,000 members under the existing Kentucky Medicaid contract previously ceded to CareSource. We are pleased to be serving Medicaid members in Kentucky, Florida, and Illinois in 2020. We look forward to the final resolution of both the Kentucky and Louisiana procurements where the award of both contracts demonstrated our strong Medicaid capabilities. All in, the Retail segment is expected to show strong operating improvement as demonstrated in the waterfall, contributing an incremental $1.66 to adjusted EPS when you adjust for the reinvestment of approximately $0.70 of Retail outperformance from the first half of 2019 in the bids for 2020 to help offset the impact of the HIF. While our Retail segment outperformed in 2019, our Group and Specialty segment did not perform well and we are taking the opportunity to significantly reposition the segment in 2020 and beyond. The segment faced a number of pressures, including membership migration out of our community-rated product into a level funded ASO, which drove unexpected average selection in our community-rated block resulting in significant negative prior period development. Note that this negative prior period development also adversely impacted the starting cost baseline for 2020, given the unanticipated morbidity mix. Using our consistent historical reserving practices for the Group and Specialty segment, we acknowledged the negative prior year claims development we experienced in 2019 as we contemplated the adequacy of reserves as of December 31, 2019. The segment also experienced large numbers of provider settlements, IT system upgrades for the Insurance and Specialty businesses and investments in market infrastructure. Our core trend remains stable and we believe the investments we are making in systems and people will position the segment for growth in 2020 and beyond. Accordingly, we expect the segment to contribute approximately $0.55 of incremental adjusted EPS to the enterprise for 2020. For Healthcare Services, we had a strong year as we saw growth in our pharmacy business, solid performance of Kindred at Home and continued improvement in our Conviva operations, partially offset by the cost incurred to continue to expand our owned JV and Alliance senior-focused primary care centers. Notwithstanding the significant PDP membership losses, our pharmacy script volume grew year-over-year primarily due to higher Medicare Advantage and state-based contract membership. For 2020, despite the expected PDP membership decline, we anticipate strong EBITDA growth in the pharmacy business. As Bruce mentioned, we recently closed the Enclara transaction, expanding our hospice pharmacy capabilities. Our home business is also anticipated to perform well led by Kindred at Home in which the conversion to Homecare Homebase across home health and hospice in 2019 weighed on results due to the significant required one-time investment, but will drive EBITDA in 2020 notwithstanding the adoption of the new payment methodology, PDGM. And in our provider businesses, as Bruce described, we are working to meaningfully scale this opportunity and are very excited about the recently announced innovative venture with Welsh Carson to open a minimum of 50 additional payor-agnostic, senior-focused primary care centers over the next three years, which we managed by our Partners in Primary Care team under the Partners in Primary Care brand. Finally, our Conviva Primary Care business is expected to continue improving its core operating performance. As a result of all these efforts, we expect meaningful year-over-year Healthcare Services adjusted EBITDA growth to contribute an incremental $1.03 to adjusted EPS. Turning to cash flow and capital deployment. Our operating cash flow was a record $5.3 billion in 2019, reflecting strong earnings and the benefit of a significant membership growth we experienced for individual Medicare Advantage. In periods of increasing enrollment, operating cash flows are positively impacted because premiums are collected in advance of claims by a period of up to several months. While we expect solid MA membership growth in 2020, due to the significant membership increase we experienced in 2019 and timing of the related premium collections and claim payments as well as other working capital items, we expect our operating cash flows for 2020 to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.6 billion.  Additionally, as we've demonstrated with the various transactions we have pursued, we will continue to deploy our capital in an efficient manner with a target debt to capitalization ratio of 35% in order to maintain our investment grade credit rating with the ability to move higher than that for strategic M&A. Finally, our initial guidance for 2020 includes an assumption of some share repurchase in the back half of 2020 and our strategic M&A priorities remain the same, including the continued build out of our Healthcare Services capabilities to drive our integrated care model as well as tactical health plan acquisitions to the extent they become actionable. With that, we will open the lines up to your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for taking the questions. As we think further out maybe and obviously you've given us the outlook here for 2020, growth remains strong here, and you continue to look further to invest. Maybe two questions real quick. First in retail, as we think about investing the HIF money in the future, how do you think  how much do you think that should we consider either being really driven for growth versus maybe some of that coming back into earnings? And then secondly, you're talking about expanding your primary care footprint here. Can you give us a little bit more color on how your Partners in Primary Care efforts are going? You say it's sort of not going to be really impactful to 2020, but when would you expect that to really start have a more meaningful impact to the bottom line? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Well, good morning, Charles. So let me take them in order. First with regard to the HIF in 2021, as we've said in prior settings, it's obviously early to be commenting on 2021. We do believe that the health insurance fee repeal will be a significant benefit to our customers and we would expect them to see increased benefits on account of that. But we will balance as we always do membership growth with EPS as well as making sure we invest for long-term sustainability. And so, you'll see us continue to invest in our integrated care model as we balance top and bottom line growth. I would also say as we think about 2021, and I know  and this has been a topic of conversation, well make sure we understand the impact of ESRD. We need to obviously see where the rate notice ultimately comes out, and that's something that we're obviously eerily anticipating. And then also, we'll need to gain theory out what we think our competitors do with respect to the HIF repeal in 2021. But overall, we obviously are bullish on 2021, but it's really too early to provide specifics. On the second question with regard to primary care. We feel very good about our primary care capabilities. In fact both our Conviva operations, which are performing nicely and we're seeing good operational turnaround, but also the business we're expanding Partners in Primary Care, we believe has an operating model that can be replicable and scalable across multiple markets in the U.S., and so it's really a function of how do you fund this expansion. There's a significant J-curve in these clinics, meaning that for the first few years, they lose EBITDA, they lose money. And then over time, they begin to make money and actually earn a nice return on investment. And so how do we bridge that gap? And so partnering with Welsh Carson, who's an expert in health care and very, very good at what they do, we believe that well be able to scale this model very efficiently and really get us the capital we need to tie us over between where the J-curve period where we're losing money to where we can bring these back on balance sheet if we decide to do that when they're more profitable.
Bruce Broussard: All right. Just to add to Brian's comment, we do see benefit from the clinics early on, on the insurance side. So, if you think about the contribution to the company, there's really two parts to it, which is the actual centers themselves. And then the second part is enhancing and moving members more and more to value-based payment models, which we see better star score, we see lower MER, and we also see better satisfaction there. So as Brian articulated, in the J-curve side, you'll see it more on the insurance side as it grows. It continues to be on the insurance side, but then it becomes more on the clinic side. So in 2020, we will see benefits from these clinics, and we  in the 200 and some we have, weve seen benefits all along, but you'll see it more on the insurance side and more in the  as we referenced in trend benders as opposed to see it in the actual profitability of the centers themselves.
Charles Rhyee: So basically you're able to direct your members to the primary care centers that you have. And is that  when you're recruiting physicians for these centers, are you bringing physicians that already have full patient panels themselves? Or are you kind of recruiting doctors who are interested in changing the way they practice in general and?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Most of these, on exceptions, we will bring some physicians that have patients, but the majority of them will be starting from scratch. And that's really the reason for the J-curve as what Brian was talking about. In reference to steering the patients there, we really  our design plan is to make it affordable for people to choose the clinics, but obviously it's their choice, and they're - from a  to choose their physician. But we do find in areas where we locate and where they don't have primary care or hospital that we are the sort of the community choice there. So I would just emphasize both from plan and where we locate them is an important part of how our members choose them.
Amy Smith: And Charles was a great example of getting a lot of questions in. Please remember to limit yourself to one question. Introduce the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. I might just continue to just try to flesh out the strategy around these Partners in Primary Care. With this deal, will the growth all be in this joint venture or can you continue to do ones on your own or with other third parties? And is there any restriction around the risk sharing? I know that's been a big part of the long-term targeted savings for the health plan is to do risk sharing with these. Is there any restrictions given its payor-agnostic on what you can do there? And then maybe another thing you didn't mention is, once you get the 50 up and running, how much of your Humana MA book will be covered by one of the  or have access to one of these clinics?
Brian Kane: Yes, let me try to go in reverse order. It'll still be a relatively small portion of our MA book, which is the reason why, what Bruce said, we want to scale these up as quickly as we can, but it still will be a relatively small portion of our book. Remember, from a risk perspective, each  from a risk member perspective, each clinic has about 2,200 or so risk members kind of varies depending on the size, could be as low as 1,500, could go to 2,500 members. And so you can do the math. It's still relatively small, which is why it's important that we take a balanced approach to our growth. Really going to your first question, we have partnerships with a number of players. They're very valuable partners that we will continue to expand with. Some we have equity investments in, some we do not. But we'll look to continue to expand those joint venture and Alliance models. But we have, I would say the ability to expand as we see fit to continue to grow this footprint, which we will do. We're obviously very mindful of the impacts on the income statement when we do this. So we're trying to be creative with the use of our capital, but I would tell you that we have flexibility to execute our business plan. And then on the risk sharing side, being payor-agnostic is really important. It's important so that we can actually fill up these clinics. It's important so we can attract physicians. It's important to be able to really create the best-in-class experience for our members and to give them the ultimate choice  of the patients to give them the ultimate choice what they need in their lives. But there's no restrictions with respect to risk sharing or the like. Obviously, each risk contract is different and sometimes there are path to risk contracts. So it may not go full risk day-one, but generally we sign at least path to risk deals with the various payors. But we're encouraged by the reception that we've seen from other payors and we're committed to making this payor-agnostic. 
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Peter Costa: Good morning, everybody. Sort of on the same line, focusing on the Partners in Primary Care transaction. One of your competitors, when your large competitors buys larger practices, physician practices and other, your larger competitors doesn't buy practices at all or run them and uses contracts and there's this mattering of that across the board. You guys seem to be the ones trying to grow practices and you struggled with that, whether it would be Conviva that has gone through a turnaround. Concentra was never really grew the way you wanted it to. And now with Partners in Primary Care, it seems like you're pushing that off your books from an earnings perspective here in the short-term while it grows, can you explain why you still think this is the right strategy versus what your competitors are doing?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I would maybe try to put those in boxes. Let me start with Concentra. I think Concentra was an urgent care model that had a small primary care part to it. We ended up doing  actually, the Genesis to Partners in Primary Care is out of Concentra. And so what we did is we bought the company, then pulled the primary care out of it and then began the Partners in Primary Care. So that transaction, we didn't want to be in the urgent care business going forward. Conviva, actually is interesting because Conviva today is probably one of the larger organizations in the country that has pure clinics with senior-focused. It's got 200 and some thousand Medicare Advantage lives in it and it's performing well. And when we talk about turnaround, it's really more bringing in the various different brands that were in South Florida and creating a brand  one of which that brand, some of those brands had been within the organization since 2008, 2009 in that arena. So what you see is more making it a better brand, a holistic brand and growing and continuing to serve the organization well on the insurance side as good star scores, as good MER, as good satisfaction and growth. And so I wouldn't make either one of those as the organization as sort of shunning or in and out of this. I would say there is a philosophy difference between us and others in the country that you are referencing. And our philosophy is, is the buying primary care and trying to convert them to Medicare Advantage value-based care model is a highly risky proposition, and we've seen over the years that organizations that have tried to do that have not been totally successful. Now if you're going to keep them fee-for-service, you're going to keep them commercial, if you're going to keep them in that vein, I think youre going to be quite successful on and not having to deal with the change management. What you do see the organization doing is going through sort of stages with that. I think the first stage was around, does this work for Partners in Primary Care? And we've been testing and learning that for the last few years and we've come to the conclusion seeing the results that we've had in the markets we've opened. That this is really working. We're seeing great star scores. As I mentioned, we're seeing great satisfaction scores where were being able to recruit doctors into it, we're able to fill them up in the time that we thought. So the real question is how do we scale it? And so we've tried to scale it over the years through joint venture partnerships. And you've seen today we have 260 some clinics and serving about 10% or so about our members. And now it's just a question of scaling. And so what we chose is to scale it in a way that we can utilize in a capital efficient way to be able to do it, be able to set it as an independent entity, but still have control over and over a period of time and be able to use that as a growth vehicle for us. But at the same time continuing to scale through our joint venture and Alliance partners that we've done in the past.  So I think what you'll see is its more of a scale question as opposed to anything else. And it's a question of how do we build a great base for this? And I feel that the company has matured in a way that is very bullish on this, but at the same time matured in a way to test and learn because of you articulating in different ways. Owning and operating physicians is a very, very difficult task at times and it is also a risky task and we've tried to navigate through this to ensure that the organization is able to both succeed, but more importantly scale this because of the end results.
Amy Smith: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions on margins. Just first, can you give us an idea of where Medicare Advantage kind of settles out? I know you don't want to give specifics, but just relative to the 4.5% to 5%, how close are we there? And also kind of how should we think about it in 2021 if you are going to reinvest some of the HIF? Is the next move downward in those margins? And then just in terms of the healthcare services business, same thing, margins really strong there looking like in the guide, is that all just improvement in those ancillary businesses that you kind of outlined? And if so, where do you kind of see the trajectory of those going forward from here? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Justin. On the MA side, I would say for 2019, we finished a little bit below our 4.5% to 5% margin, obviously a really strong year given where we started the year. For 2020, as I mentioned in my remarks and we've discussed in the past, we invested some of that outperformance into in 2019 into our 2020 bids. And so obviously that's going to impact margins, but then we obviously have improved the operations as well. So all in, I would say the margins are relatively flat year-over-year 2020 versus 2019. And so we're still a bit below the 4.5% to 5%. With respect to 2021, again, really too early to get 2021, but it's fair to say whenever there's that tax impact on the after-tax line, you can see the geography of where the earning shows up, changes a little bit. So it's conceivable that that we do have a decrease in margins for 2021 while obviously still growing EPS very nicely. So that's something we would have to work through. But typically that is a dynamic that's at play when we've seen tax rates change dramatically, whether because of the HIF or because of tax reform that occurred in 2018. On the Healthcare Services side, I would describe it as balanced growth. I think we feel very good about really all segments. The pharmacy side is showing a really nice improvement year-over-year. They continue to drive penetration on the mail order side, on the specialty side as well as we think the Enclara opportunity on the hospice side, we'll give them some runway as well. Kindred at Home is also performing well. We hope to continue to see strong EBITDA growth, not withstanding the change in the payment model. As you know, we've embraced this payment model because it gets us closer to chronic nursing versus solely focused on therapy. But I think that the team is doing a really nice job of mitigating any impacts there and also leveraging the benefits of implementing Homecare Homebase. And as Bruce discussed on our primary care business, both Conviva and Partners in Primary Care, we see a nice turnaround there, particularly in Conviva, which is entirely on balance sheet. We're seeing real improvement in the EBITDA performance. So really I think it's a real positive story on Healthcare Services and we hope that continues in the years ahead.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Styblo: Thanks. Good morning. Its David Styblo in for Dave Windley. I wanted to ask a question about that group and specialty business. Just kind of looking at the bridge here, it looks like there's about a $0.55 tailwind for 2020 that you called out. I'm curious how much of that is from the absence of one-time costs that happened in 2019 or settlements versus improvements in the core business and then more broadly related to that business? How does commercial fit into the broader portfolio just given the fits and challenges that that business has gone through?
Brian Kane: Yes. I would say its  on your first question, it's really a balance. Clearly we don't have the repetition of one-time items, but some of it is also improvement in the core business, some of the pricing actions that we've taken. I think it's important and we expect to hope to have gotten the baseline right. As I mentioned in my remarks, the average selection we saw in our book really hurt the 2019 performance because 2018 backed up. You sort of have a double whammy there. You have the 18 hit and then you're trending off the wrong baseline for 2019. So I think I'm hopeful we've gotten that right. We'll obviously see what happens in the coming months here. So I think it's really a combination of core improvement as well as the one timers not repeating. Really to your second question, we continue to invest in this business that's also weighing on the results for 2020. In other words, the results would have been higher not for that. We believe that there is a real opportunity to grow this business, become more of a player, a significant player in particular markets where we're strong in Medicare and where we think really, number one, there's an opportunity to drive more relevance with our providers. And we think when we have a commercial presence, particularly moving up market away solely from the small group and moving into the mid group and sort of larger group side, not the jumbo side, but more large group gives us the attention of the providers in the local markets. We also think there is a significant cross-sell opportunity as members age into Medicare. And also on the group MA side, it's an area where our competitors have done a very nice job, leveraging their commercial business because we don't have that same commercial business. It's hard for us to get those synergies. And so we think there are opportunities there. And then the final thing I would say is our specialty business is something that we don't talk a lot about, but we're bullish on it and we really hope to grow it both on the group side and also on the individual side. It's a business that has low capital requirements and good margins. And so we think we continue to grow that and cross-sell that product. So for those reasons, we're committed to the business and we're hopeful for a better year this year in 2020.
Bruce Broussard: Just to add to Brian, I think just to emphasize, we realized that having a national strategy and commercial is just as  is not the right direction here. And so we are picking markets where today we are strong and utilizing those markets to continue to build our local presence and commercial is of those along with the other assets that we have. And so you see a much more concentrated effort. Obviously, as what Brian has talked about in 2019 was a rough year for the commercial business for a whole host of reasons. But we do believe in certain markets that make sense to have a commercial product and that's what you see the team oriented to, but we need to make sure our infrastructure is prepared for that, and that's what you see a lot of the investments and the work going on in 2019.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Sarah James: Thank you. Just trying to get a little bit better understanding of some of the non-repeat items that are going on here, so you guys talked about negative prior period development related to the Group business, but you can't tell on the press release, it looks like for total [quotes] net positive. So how much negative group development was there? What would MLR have done without it? And then as we think about other non-repeating items that are occurring in 2020, is there any carrying costs related to Louisiana and then is there any startup costs related to what you guys are doing on the provider JV side that wouldn't continue as we think about run rate earnings?
Brian Kane: Good morning, Sarah. So I would  you could see in our press releases as a breakout between Group PPD and Retail. So Group has gotten HIF for the reasons I talked about Retail, as modestly positive, I think it was a good year for PPD for retail, obviously less so for Group. So that that is a  I would call that a one-time item on the  I hope it's a one-time item on the negative PPD side for Group. So I think that's one example. There are some modest startup costs in Louisiana. We have to plan for that. So that is in our numbers and our costs. So we've obviously scaled up to be ready for that. Again it's something we're very proud of the Medicaid team has done just a fabulous job winning that contract and we'll see where it goes. But we feel good about that. And so it's important that we make sure we are ready to implement that contract, when and if we get, we get that finalized and officially awarded. There are a few other things on the JV side, but a lot of those costs are going to come off, our 2020 income statement, because of the partnership that we announced. They're still, some of that because not all of coming off and we still have some assets on balance sheet, some assets off balance sheet. But the really the opportunity here is to be able to scale it as Bruce has said, be able to scale that business and be able to grow it more quickly. So that we don't have additional losses going forward, the ideas to remove those losses. So hopefully that answers your question.
Amy Smith: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill: Good morning, guys. And I appreciate you taking the questions. Maybe switching gears for a second, talk a little bit about pharmacy. You've seen some of your competitors kind of pursue some interesting partnership strategies and you guys have had the decline in Med D enrollment. I guess, do you feel like you need to partner up with somebody either on the rebate aggregation side or the pharmacy network side to get better economic side of your pharmacy business? And do you feel like the current partnerships that you have right now are delivering the rates that you need in that book?
Bruce Broussard: I would first say we are always looking for ways to bring lower costs to our members. So whether it's an  and we do have some generic partnerships today that we buy with and through. So I would say that the recent announcement that you're referring to is to something that others do, but I wouldn't say we are not exempt from that, but we just don't broadcast it. But we do orient to how do we have a cost of goods and we constantly are checking that. And what we find is that we are very, very competitive in the marketplace. The Part D decline is not so much of a cost to goods. Conversation is more around just the pricing of the product itself. And as Brian articulated with the unique aspect of Part D is you can't start a plan without removing a plan and it gets complicated to do that and that's what you see happening. So I would say is more on the plan design side for Part D and it is on the side of the cost of goods. And related to the pharmacy, we're constantly looking for ways to expand our capabilities, whether that's from a delivery point of view to care and clinical point of view, like in specialty pharmacy and in addition in areas that are more oriented to rebates. I would just say that we are content today, but I wouldn't say that content is something that we are going to continue. We will continue as we did with Enclara and other things that we've done this past year to like to advance that. But again, I think the emphasis to the question is I would not connect the Part D declined to capabilities within our pharmacy as a whole.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. I wanted to go back to the commercial conversation. I don't remember if you actually gave it, but what was commercial trend in 2019? I understand the concept of risk converting into ASO, but you raised your MLR guidance multiple times through the year and then the fact that you experienced negative development almost every quarter through the year implies that in trend is rising. And just trying to understand why that's not the case. And I heard your comments about why you feel better about next year, but given that consistent MLR guidance increase and given the consistent negative development, how much confidence I guess you really have in your visibility into that book right now?
Brian Kane: Good morning, Kevin. So again, I would distinguish between core trend and sort of the net trend that we're seeing as on account of sort of the morbidity mix in our book. Our core trends are relatively stable. I would say just like last year, 6% plus or minus the 50 is  50 basis points is sort of a reasonable place to be. We ended up in that range for 2019. It's really the net trend, once it sort of filters through in the membership that we have and our morbidity mix that says driving that. Obviously our commercial book is small. And as a consequence, it's hard to extrapolate broader for those with larger books or whatever it may be, it's just ours is very focused. It's almost entirely small group based. Well north of 50% of our premium comes from lives under a 100 or groups under a 100. And so we're in this interesting part of the marketplace that I think has just been going through a lot of change with respect to the ACA community rated block, the 2 to 50 block, the migration to LFP, grandmother, grandfather products. It's just  there's just been a lot of churn in that market. And so that's really been where we've been focused. As Bruce said, we want to move up market a little bit into the more mid group, larger group space to be more relevant in certain key markets. And we're it is a strategic objective of ours to do that. I would say we're always mindful of trend and where it's going, but we're less focused on the core trend side than we are in the business mix that we're attracting, so hopefully that that distinction makes sense.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. When I just get back to the Primary Care conversation and maybe just take a step back. You've got a whole bunch of different assets and strategies around this broad strategy of physician enablement. And I guess I want to understand, what's the ultimate goal? Is this about growing your market share in Medicare Advantage? Is this about improving the core profitability of your MA book or is this about controlling medical cost spend and sort of creating a new sort of business segment, business line that over time can kind of augment the overall Humana. I'm just curious about sort of, where this all starts in terms of and what the end game is?
Brian Kane: Let me try to take that and put it in a few elements, that it originates out of we feel that this is a very effective care model. And I think as Peter asked a while back, we've been doing this for some time and we have a lot of proven results from this. And when you look at our members in these programs, as all the results there, the one thing I didn't mention is also retention is higher. And so we see wonderful performance out of there. And if we could wave a magic one, we would want 100% of our members in these programs for all the reasons we've talked about. The challenge we find in today's world is that the fee-for-service payment model and the model  the operating model within that is sort of what dominates the healthcare system. And our ability to put seniors in these type of clinics is very  there isn't a lot of supply. I mean, as you well know, DaVita was probably the one and only that had more scale there. And so over the last few years, we've tried to find a way to scale it, with, through joint ventures and alliances is what Brian was talking about. And in addition to have our PR proprietary product, because what we want to make sure of is over time we have a product that when we're in a market that we have a stability in our network and that we're able to fulfill that and these particular products allow us to both if we have ownership and other contractual rights has allows us to control our destiny markets that we want to ensure our members have the proper providers too. And so the first is great performance. Second is the ability to have in the market protection around the, we call it the supply chain. And then the third is, is once you begin to go those two routes, then there's the question, how do you optimize that the performance of that business. And what you see us doing is saying, it needs to be agnostic. It needs to be a business upon itself. It needs to be able to grow and serve the community there, which benefits us as both as an owner of the product, but also it benefits our plan because our plan is also being able to have a lower cost serving there and more effective. And so then it turns into how do we maximize the business on itself, but it's originates from what's best for our member. Then goes to how do we control and ensure that we have stability in the marketplace for supply chain. And then the third thing it moves to is now to how do we maximize the business there. Where it ultimately ends up, as I think you're going to see it, as Brian said, we want to double our membership in this particular area over the next few years. And you're seeing Welsh, Carson is one of them along with our affiliates are another way to do that. But over time, I think the investors will see that this will be another part of our business, no different than when we started pharmacy years ago. And it became part of that. And no different than what you'll see with the home that it will be a business that will be profitable. It will be valuable from a shareholder point of view, but it also will be valuable for our members' point of view.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi. Good morning. My question focuses on the partnership with Microsoft and Epic. What are kind of like the timelines on deploying Epic in a patient EMR? It really captures the data, the member data across the Humana enterprise. And then as we think about this longer term, does this really become sort of a prerequisite for clinic partnerships outside kind of fact the Humana homegrown base?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I'll take that. Interoperability is that a core, what we see enables value-based payment models and the ability for us to manage complex patients just because of the complexity of the system and the complexity of people's conditions. So to answer your first question, and just where are we in that journey. Microsoft and Epic are really two different journeys, but both are well along the way. And the Microsoft approach, we really have three different horizons. One is a cloud and moving everything to cloud and allowing a much more agile environment. And at the same time building a longitudinal health record that allows to use fire and interoperability inside the organization and outside the organization. And both of those things are well on their way. We have  I think we announced last quarter some partners that we've already rolled out part of the longitudinal record. And so that is now in structurally there. We just have to continue to add our partners to it. This year, we'll be bringing on all of Kindred in that relationship as a result of them completing their EMR install. There's a number of providers through the compass product that we have that are using the longitudinal record along with some of our pharmacy areas, including Enclara that we just acquired. So we have a really good progress going on in both the cloud conversion. I think cloud conversion is going to take about five years, but what you see and most of that is the traditional technology that's been around for a long period of time taking the longest. On the Epic side, what you see is, we are in  we just really  we have a number of hospitals today that we are now passing information back and forth through in the Epic conversion. I mean the Epic connection that is in use case only. We're not really announcing what those use cases are, but we are in market with a number of hospitals. These are integrated systems that we are passing information back and forth with the Epic area. These are the beginning of a long process. No different than what we are talking with the clinics about the ability to have interoperability, which leads me to the third. It is a standard we will employ with our clinics of having interoperability. Most of our clinics today already have that interoperability where you'll just see us continue to do it more. But more importantly through any kind of deep partnership, we are looking for interoperability to be a part of that partnership. No different than the value-based payment models and other mechanisms that we use. But interoperability will be an important part of that.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Tanal: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I wanted to go back to the HIF repeal in 2021, obviously sort of all in worth over $9 to EPS before any offsets and kind of a uniform magnitude impact to MAOs across the industry, which tends to be concentrated at the local level. So I guess is there any reason to think that MA plans won't act rationally to use a portion of the pretax tailwind to absorb any headwind, the rule change on ESRD patients creates? And relatedly, if you could maybe comment on any advocacy efforts with CMS on this front, whether the agency has been receptive and gets the issue and your expectations for what we'll see there, whether they'll provide actuarially sound rates for ESRD patients in 2021, on the advanced notice it's tomorrow. Kind of curious if this risk factor could actually turn into an earnings opportunity.
Brian Kane: Hi. Good morning, Steve. So I think it's fair to say, obviously the HIF  tailwind would certainly help offset any ESRD headwind. And I think what we're trying to just understand is the magnitude of that headwind. And over the coming months where you're doing lots of modeling in various scenarios that would drive different levels of penetration in ESRD, which will obviously impact the 2021 earnings profile. It wouldn't be crazy to think that ESRD penetration could get to Medicare Advantage levels. We'll see. We're modeling that. There's been a bunch of commentary on the Street about that by various analysts. And so we are working through that. I think it's important to really break the population into two buckets: one, being duals, one being non-duals to really understand the impact. On the dual side, MA could have some appeal to them just because of the supplementary benefits, particularly around transportation and some over the counter benefits. And so that's one of the things we're looking at. And on the non-dual side, particularly under 65 ESRD population, you really need to look at where Med Sup is and understand what the Med Sup availability is for these various folks. And in some states it's not available or it's not required to be available or there are significant premiums. And so it's certainly a premium for someone to buy it. And so that's what we're really trying to understand what the impact will be. Again, we feel good about where we are for 2021. Obviously, the health insurance fee is a big positive. And on the advocacy side, clearly rates is one factor, and we'll see where CMS comes out. I think it's just important for people to understand why the benchmark maybe understated. And that's a function of the fact that there is not a maximum amount of pocket in fee-for-service while there is an MA and so that impacts the cost. And also, typically, people  HMOs pay higher rates than original Medicare to the large dialysis providers and so that also impacts the cost. So obviously rate is one element, making sure that there's a competition in the marketplace is another in terms of the provision of dialysis care. And so we're working with CMS on that both in terms of some of the CON state, CON requirements around what people can build in terms of getting the CON laws getting through those as well as basic conditions for coverage. And what sort of innovative capabilities can we bring to bear in the ESRD space, whether it's around the home, whether it's around micro clinics, various alternative sites of care to provide dialysis. But regardless, we're working very hard on it. We're standing up clinical teams to be able to take these members. And over the long-term, we understand why it makes sense to bring ESRD into this population. We just need to manage the short-term transition. So a long winded answer to your question. We're taking it from multiple angles, modeling it appropriately, doing appropriate advocacy and then preparing the clinical side and working with our dialysis partners to come up with creative risk sharing mechanisms to help drive outcomes. Hopefully that's helpful.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to ask on the individual MA membership, you added almost 230,000 members during AEP. When I look at last year, you added almost 10% of total enrollment in OEP and then you saw further growth in sort of the aging in D-SNP. So I guess when I look at that 270 to 330 range, seems like you're trending closer to the higher end, if not even above that. Is that fair or help us with other considerations sort of this year versus last year that may not make that be the case? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Well, obviously we hope you're right, but there's a lot of game left to play. I would say that we feel good about the 270 to 330 that we put out there. We finished AEP at around 229,000 for the January lives. And I think this year is different than last year in that. On a relative basis, we're not as strong from a benefit design as we were on a relative basis in 2019. And so we have to see what are the sales are going to be and what are the terms going to be. Obviously, the sales opportunities are a little bit less in the post AEP then the pre and during AEP. And you saw the terminations in your book and we have a larger book. And so if you have a similar term rate, you actually lose more lives, right. And so those are the types of things we're working. We're working through. We're closely monitoring OEP and it seems to be going well. We'll see where it ultimately shakes out. But I would just say we feel good about the 270 to 330 that we put out.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. I wanted to go back to the healthcare side of the business. I think you said  I wanted to confirm, you said you had completed the Homecare Homebase conversion. So I'm assuming that means the drag from that conversion should be completed. And then what are sort of your early reads on PDG on the home healthcare side? Are you seeing your rates higher or lower or flat? And then finally just what kind of financial drag would you be removing from your income statement balance sheet with moving those assets into this partnership in primary care? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Okay. So on Homecare Homebase, it is completed. It was a herculean effort. I think the team did it faster than any conversion that's happened before. Just the magnitude of an EMR conversion on both the home and hospice side is very significant. The team did an extraordinary job. And so we're very excited about that. And so that drag is no longer there for 2020, although it was meaningful for 2019. And that's part of the increase in EBITDA that you're seeing in the Healthcare Services side. I think it's still too early to comment on PDGM. I think things are going as we planned and as expected. They're adjusting to the change in the payment model. The impacts of that are reflected in our 2020 numbers. But I think the team feels good about mitigating the EBITDA impact of that. The important side for us in particular is the clinical side and we're excited about the movement of the model to much more as I said earlier, to much more of a chronic nursing model, and so that's positive. But it does change the operating model, when you have a payment model like this that is focused on these chronic conditions. And so they're working through that. And I think doing a very nice job. We haven't called out the specific financial drag on the clinics. Broadly, depending on the size of the clinic to get the profitability, you're talking sort of high-single digits million EBITDA to get to profitability over a several year period, including the CapEx. So you can multiply through and see some of the impact. I mean, ultimately the size of the facility, the $600 million facility is effectively over a period of P&L burn that we're taking off our income statement. The purpose of the facility is to fund those losses. And so I think that gives you the order of magnitude over the life cycle of the investment, what the impact is. And typically by year four, year five, these things are really starting to breakeven and drive profitability. So I think that gives you a broad sense of the impact which is why it's so important that we did this, so we could scale the opportunity.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, Frank and I know your question wasn't inferring this, but I'd just like to emphasize it. The main reason why we're doing this with WCAS is to scale the business. And that's probably what Brian was articulating because we feel it's a great addition to the organization and the organization is ready to scale it. Some of the things that Brian was talking about were some barriers to do it. But at the end of the day, we want to scale this and begin to start getting more and more members in our proprietary product.
Brian Kane: I would just add one more point. We get this question all the time. I want to make sure investors have this. In terms of where the EBITDA per clinic can go because we get asked that all the time, and it really can vary. So some of the smaller clinics could be, $2 million, $3 million, $4 million. Some of the bigger clinics could be $6 million, $7 million, $8 million. So it really depends on the size of the clinic in terms of EBITDA. But when you look at the economics, just the return on capital on individual clinic, when these get to profitability, it's a really good model.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning, Bruce and Brian. So two questions around the first quarter of 2020, first for the Group and Specialty segment, you're targeting 84% to 84.5% benefit ratio for the full-year. But given that the jump off point in 4Q in 2019 is in the 95% range, I guess I'm curious, will that gradually trend back down throughout 2020 or will your improvement show up immediately, such that 1Q 2020 for the segment maybe in line with the full-year range, somewhere in that mid 80% range? That's question one. And then question two, also around 1Q. I mean the stock's up 20 bucks right now, so I need to focus on the slight negative. But I mean the adjusted tax rate in 4Q 2019, I think came somewhere in the mid single-digits, probably due to the Group and Specialty segment results. But just given your comment around 1Q 2020 earnings being 24% of the full-year or should we assume the overall tax rate normalizes back to, call it, 30% or so in 1Q 2020? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Fair questions. We don't give quarterly MER guidance by segment as you know, but I think it's fair to say, the Group, the way the Group segment works is the MER is low in the first part of the year and then it increases as people get through their deductible. So, I think in terms of the way you think about the sort of quarterly progression of MERs, you can look at historical patterns and see what it is for the Group business and just use our annual number and frac it out accordingly. But just the way the benefit design works, it's lower MER at the beginning and then it ramps up through the year as people go through their deductibles and we start covering the cost. On the tax rate side, really two drivers. One is what's  I guess there was the windfall tax, which is  we have stock vestings in December. When our stock annually vest and we had a big run up in our stock and so the tax deduction is larger and that drives the improved tax rate. As you know, the stock moved a lot in the last few months and it's been volatile. But when it occurred, when the vesting occurred, we had the windfall benefit, we also saw profitability show up in different States, somewhere lower tax States than we expected, so small moves in that can impact the tax rate a bit. And so that was also driving it. So it was really for those two reasons that we had a lower tax rate.
Bruce Broussard: But in general, when you look at the tax rate on an annual basis, it remained relatively the same. I mean, there's a 50 basis points change, so when you're looking at an annual side, it had minimum impact on it.
Amy Smith: All right, thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Most of my questions answered. I'll just be real quick. When we go to the Healthcare Services EBITDA growth, I think 17% at the midpoint. I know you've covered some of the one-time investments you're lapping, et cetera. Is it possible to help us think about organic versus acquisition? Is it contemplated that any of the trailing acquisitions or any forward acquisitions are in that number or is that a pretty pure organic growth for 2020?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Good morning, Gary. There are some acquisitions in there from the Enclara deal, though it's  I would say it's in relatively small. That would be acquisition. I do think there are some, as you said, lapping investments on Homecare Homebase, which helps, I would say most is organic improvement. But if you're sort of trying to model beyond 2020, I wouldn't expect that kind of EBITDA growth beyond 2020. I think it will more normalize to a lower level. So I think that's a fair question there. There are some good guys in there. But the business organically is growing very nicely. I mean really all elements, pharmacy, home and primary care are growing nicely organically. So I would take the balanced EBITDA growth, but there are some good guys in there for 2020.
Gary Taylor: Great. Okay, thanks.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from UBS. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Just a quick one on D-SNP. The performance has been pretty impressive. Brian, maybe just any color around benefits design plan strategy, anything that's contributed to the recent performance and any expectations for the rest of the year. Is this a one-time boost through open enrollment or do you see the momentum continuing throughout the year? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Sure. Hey, good morning Whit. So we're certainly hopeful that the D-SNP growth continues. We'll see where it goes. We are proud of the D-SNP growth that we've achieved. I think on the benefits side, we continue to emphasize some of the over-the-counter benefits and a few other things. I wouldn't say there was anything dramatically different this year. I think it's really a focus of the organization. Leveraging some of our distribution channels to make sure we are appealing to the D-SNP population. It's also frankly offering D-SNPs in more counties as well, and so expanding that as well. And so it's really a combination of things. But yes, I would just tell you that it's certainly an organizational focus of ours in driving the distribution and sales of that product.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel: Hi, good morning. Just wanting to toggle back over to Group and Specialty, and definitely sounds like you're still committed to the business in terms of the investments that you're making and hoping for brighter days ahead, when we look at the 2020 guidance, it still is implying pretax margins still sub 2% and topline growth sub 2% as well. So if we think that some of these bets that you're making around in the investments do ultimately payoff, what type of growth rates do you think and pretax margins are reasonable to think about being sustainable in the longer term?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. It's a fair question, Scott. I really not prepared today to give details on margin and growth. I do think the margins are clearly not nearly where they need to be. We haven't given a margin target on Group, and I'm not prepared to do that today. But I would tell you that we do expect margins to improve. The ASO level funded margins are much better and will continue to get better as we mature in that product. And hopefully as we move up market, we'll also see some margin improvement as we leveraged some of the unit cost benefits we can get by being a bigger presence in the marketplace. And again, we hope we can get you to grow the level funded product, but also grow up market as well in terms of the topline. And so the goal would be to start growing that topline in addition to getting the PMPM benefits that you get in the group space. So we do think there's an opportunity there, but I wouldn't expect significant growth. We're hopeful that we can really turn it around and start getting measured growth as we move forward here in both frankly, top end and bottom line. And also importantly just the cross-sell benefit that I mentioned on the specialty side and on the Medicare side, that's an important part of this as well. That won't show up directly in the segment results.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Newshel from Evercore. Your line is open.
Michael Newshel: Thanks. Maybe just going back to HIF repeal and I appreciate you're not committing to anything in 2021. But I just wanted to confirm that long-term, since you're still targeting that 4.5% to 5% pretax margin. So that's ultimately a higher net margin once HIF is gone. So is that just fair to say that the nondeductible headwind will still drop back to margins eventually, but maybe just not all immediately if you favor enrollment growth more instead for a period of time? Is that the right way to frame it?
Bruce Broussard: I think that's fair. We're committed 4.5% to 5%. Similarly on the tax reform, we did the same thing. We went below and then it came back up and so yes, we're committed to 4.5% to 5%.
Amy Smith: Great. Thank you. I think that was our last question.
Bruce Broussard: Okay, well I'll just close it out. Again, thanks for our investors and especially today considering it lasted for an hour and a half. So we have a lot of engaged investors, so we appreciate that. And as importantly thanks to the 50,000 people that get up every day and help our members achieve their best health there. So everyone have a great week, and we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may not disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Humana's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Id now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2019 results and our updated financial outlook for the full year. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the line for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our third quarter 2019 earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $5.03 for the third quarter of 2019 and raised our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $17.75, primarily reflecting improved results in our retail segment. Our year to date results through the third quarter of 2019 including our significant individual Medicare Advantage membership growth now projected to exceed 0.50 million members for the full year. Demonstrate the value of our products and services, the strength of our brand with consumers and our progress in simplifying the healthcare experience for our members, providers, broker partners and associates. The management team continues to maintain its focus on operational excellence, ensuring our operating results remain consistent despite potential pressure of significant membership growth. While we celebrate these strong results, we also recognize healthcare will continue to evolve and will require an ongoing balance between improving our productivity while innovating for long-term sustainability, specifically by improving the health outcomes of our members and simplifying their healthcare experience. We believe we have a significant opportunity to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the healthcare system. This is highlighted by a recently completed multi-years study conducted by Humana researchers and published in the journal of the American Medical Association. The study puts a spotlight on the nearly 25% of our country's annual total healthcare spending that can be deemed as waste. That's one out of every four healthcare dollars or between $760.935 billion each year. Our integrated approach to holistic health through programs like Medicare Advantage, uniquely position us to evolve healthcare, driving affordability through improving clinical outcomes and simplifying the experience and reducing the waste in the system. As we look to 2020 and beyond, we are continuing to meaningfully advance our strategy which centers on improving health outcomes, through the most impactful areas of health, home, primary care, pharmacy, behavioral health and social determinants. In addition, we are making it easier for our members to interact with us and others in the healthcare system through leveraging technology to develop a healthcare ecosystem. An important element of our strategy includes establishing partnerships with key organizations. Our multi-partnership approach allows us to minimize risk, move faster, and use our [indiscernible] To that end, you'll recall last quarter I highlighted our partnership with Epic and today I'd like to share additional examples of recent partnerships. And our efforts to simplify the healthcare experience in our group and specialty business, we recently expanded our partnership with Accolade, first announced in March of this year. We've created a differentiated health engagement experience for individuals and their employers by integrating our organization's capabilities. Together we will continue to create personalized and simplified member experiences and leverage new opportunities around solution flexibility, service delivery, partner integration, and economic value in healthcare. Our partnership, which includes their recent additional strategic investment, allows us to tailor the Humana and Accolade solution for a broader base of fully insured and ASO prospects and clients, including expansion of upstream larger group accounts. At the core of our strategy is interoperability, which facilitates our relationship with our provider partners, while simplifying the experience of our members. Recently Humana Pharmacy developed what we believe is the first clinical decision support fire integration in production between a payer and a provider via their clinical workflow. Our partner Signifyd Health is now using our OneMedList in connection with an in-home assessments, giving them the ability to confirm in real time member adherence to their medication and more proactively identify potential adverse drug interventions and drug disease conflicts. During 2020 we will roll this same functionality to all Kindred at Home and other health care  health home health providers including integration with the new home care  home based system. The integration of technology like OneMedList with Kindred at Home is enabled by Humana's integration with the home care, home-based electronic medical record and practice management system. The integration allows the prescription drug information gathered by the Kindred at Home nurse to become part of the Humana record, ensuring a more comprehensive record and reducing the likelihood of medication errors. This will accelerate our ability to proactively identify key clinical interventions while improving revenue capture and business and quality reporting. Lastly, just a few weeks ago, we announced a strategic partnership with Microsoft, focused on building modern healthcare solutions for Humana members aimed at improving their health outcomes and making their healthcare experiences simpler to navigate. The main objectives of this partnership center on evolving our organization to cloud to improve our speed and efficiency, while assisting us in key initiatives such as the build out of our longitudinal record so that our members and their care teams have a complete view of their health records for real time interventions. Importantly, our partnerships with Microsoft will help amplify our home health strategy through the use of their home devices, natural language processing and device data integration. Similarly, we continue to work closely with key partners like IBM, helping enable data interoperability across our ecosystem and voice-based self-service capabilities using Watson to better serve our providers. These external partnerships compliment our internal resources and accelerate solutions we are developing for our members and providers that simplify their experience, enable proactive clinical interventions and advance value-based population health management. For example, in January, 2020 we are launching a new population health management platform, population insights compass, that makes it easy for primary care providers to manage the complexity of value-based payment models. These tools meet a critical need of our providers and that it delivers a single solution for all payers. Compass will be a payer agnostic with interoperability and for various information systems, complimented with powerful analytics to identify providers that deliver the most effective care interventions. Providers who will have access to multiple sources of data in one location including medical and pharmacy claims, financial data, serious opportunities, clinical programs and predictive models. The analytics and reporting capabilities will be deployed through a contemporary mobile experience based on the deep knowledge of Humana's successful management of population health over the last 30 years. When it comes to leveraging the power of value-based care, Humana has continued to make progress for our MA members. For example, when comparing members in Humana MA value-based agreements to those and Humana MA for fee-for-service arrangements, we've seen 9% more eye exams for individuals with diabetes and 21% increase in blood sugar control management. A testament to Humana's experience in this the combination of the 60% of providers being in a surplus and are increasing number of MA members enforced our plans are greater. HumanaOne avail an additional value-based care results in our Sixth Annual Medicare Advantage value-based care report on Thursday morning, November 21. These partnerships and investments among others are designed to continue to improve quality in customer service for our members and providers. Our orientation to these two pivotal aspects of healthcare resulted in recognition from multiple external stakeholders. In addition to the awards we shared last quarter, including receiving the JD Power award for the number one mail order pharmacy. We recently ranked as the health insurer brand, most recommended by customers in Forrester's 2019 US Customer Experience Index. And received a number one Net Promoter Score ranking by Verint ForeSee in their Verint Digital Experience Index 2019 Insurance Edition which recognizes the most loyalty, inspiring digital experience in health insurance. Our commitment to patient focused pharmacy benefits also earned us the specialty pharmacy patient choice award in the PBM payer specialty pharmacy category. This is the second year in a row that MMIT and Zitter Insights have presented Humana with this award. Further and more importantly, our commitment to quality and service as demonstrated by our compelling operational execution leading to strong star ratings and significant improvement in our CMS program audit results. We are pleased that 3.7 million of our existing a Medicare Advantage members representing approximately 92% of our total MA membership are in four star and above contracts for 2021 bonus year, including 1.3 million members in four and a half star contracts and five-star contract in the important state of Florida. In addition, CMS completes a comprehensive program audits every three years and we saw significant improvement in our results for our recently completed 2018 audit as compared to our 2015 audit. These results are a testament to the strong capabilities we've built through our Medicare Advantage platform, especially in our analytics, enterprise wide operating structure, talent development and management information systems. Turning now to 2020, we believe we are competitively positioned in Medicare Advantage based on our early indicators from the annual election period. However, as previously indicated, the likely return of the health insurance industry fee or HIF in 2020 is particularly challenging. We began preparing for the return of the HIF last year, working diligently to identify ways to improve our cost structure by leveraging technology to streamline processes. These efforts have also included this continuing work being performed that no longer aligned to our strategy to create capacity for activities that drive the most value to our members and advance the company's long-term sustainability. As a result, we've had to make some tough decisions in recently announced the 2% reduction in our workforce. As a result of initiating our productivity planning over 12 months ago, we've been able to minimize the number of impacted team members by redeploying where and when appropriate, many of these individuals to other positions. Approximately 2,000 jobs were impacted by these combined changes. Despite these productivity efforts, there are still members who will see an increase in premium or reduction in benefits next year, given the magnitude of the HIF. Given that the HIF is a premium based fee beneficiary  base fee beneficiaries in Medicare Advantage and Medicaid, the sicker and most vulnerable populations are disproportionately taxed. As we've mentioned before, there is a bipartisan support to further suspend the HIF. Given the significant positive benefit, the removal the fee would have  we continue to urge Congress to address the HIF. We continue to expand our Medicare offerings and segment our products to align to the unique needs of certain populations. For example, we are expanding our Dual Special Needs Plan offerings and launched Humana Honor Medicare Advantage plans. In the Honor plan, which is available to any  excuse me, which are available to anyone eligible for Medicare, but are designed in a way that compliment the benefits of a veteran receives through VA Healthcare, underscoring our commitment to veterans. We are also expanding our supplement benefit offerings and introduced offerings under the CMS Value-Based Insurance Design or VBID and Special Supplemental Benefits for the Chronically Ill or SSBCI programs. Our VBID offerings include healthy food cards, Part D rewards, COBD adherence and wellness and health planning. SSBCI is a tailored benefit to address gaps in care and improve specific health outcomes that we are piloting into market. As I said previously, while it is early based on the results to-date in the AEP, we believe we are competitively positioned in Medicare advantage as expected at the time of bids. Our brand resonates with seniors giving our focus on customer service and quality, our strong clinical programs and provider relationships, as well as our longevity in the MA market. We also believe, we are competitively positioned in Medicare Part D prescription drug plans or PDP. We introduced a new line-up PDP offerings for 2020, designed to provide a wide range of options to meet the varying needs of people with Medicare. Following two years of significant PDB membership losses, recognizing that historically individual plan selections have been driven by price alone, it was important for us to redesign our products for 2020 in order to address the needs of our members, while offering a competitive low price plan. We also recognized that these changes had to be made under CMSs regulation, which limits us to three PDP plans per region. Accordingly, we launched a new low price plan co-branded with Walmart, the Humana Walmart Value Rx plan. We are pleased that the national monthly plan premium of $13.20 is the lowest available in the most markets. The 2019 Humana enhanced Rx and the 2019 Humana Walmart Rx prescription drug plans were combined to create the 2020 Humana Premier Rx plan. This plan is designed to include our most robust coverage for 2020. Members from the previous plan are now enrolled in the new Premier Rx plan. This change affects approximately 2.6 million customers. We recognized consumers have varying healthcare needs, so we are anticipating a certain level of member  movement between our premier plan and our new low premium Walmart plan. We have empathy for our customers who are experiencing changes to their plans. We've been reaching out to them proactively to find the best plan for their budget and healthcare needs. Lastly, we continue to offer basic plan designed to keep premiums and benefits stable. These changes are required for positioning us for the long-term growth, but create short-term on certainty and PDP membership expectations for 2020. Brian will provide more detailed 2020 commentary in his remarks, including high level EPS and membership guidance. In closing, we are confident that the measures we've taken in 2019, combined with our relentless focus on the activities that drive the most value to our members and advance the company's long-term sustainability will allow us to continue to operate from a position of strength. That means, meeting the commitments we've made including to positively impact the health outcomes of our members, to consistently deliver growth for our shareholders and continue to create an environment, where our team members can do their best work on behalf of those we serve. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning everyone. Today we reported adjusted EPS of $5.03 for the third quarter, exceeding our previous expectations and raised our full year of 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $17.75 from approximately $17.60. The increase in the quarter, primarily was driven by continued outperformance in our retail segment. The improvement in our results throughout the year has afford us the opportunity to make important incremental investments across all of our businesses, that we expect to help position the company for a solid 2020, a year in which we are facing a meaningful headwind from the scheduled return of the health insurance industry fee. In addition, we are pleased that our strong 2019 financial results together with significant individual Medicare advantage membership growth and improving net promoter scores have resulted in increased incentive-based compensation for associates across all segments of the organization, aligning compensation to shareholder value and the member experience. As a result of this higher investment spending in 2019 to benefit 2020 and beyond and the increased incentive-based compensation relative to our prior guidance, we increased our full year 2019 consolidate operating cost ratio guidance by 15 basis points at the midpoint to a range of 11.3% to 11.6%. I would note that a number of the incremental investments we are making will occur in the fourth quarter and include among other items, higher Medicare annual election period marketing spend and increased sales and service costs, associated with the PDP plan changes, Bruce discussed in his remarks. I will now briefly discuss our segment results for the quarter. In our Retail segment, our individual and group Medicare advantage businesses continued to perform exceptionally well with higher than anticipated membership growth and lower than previously expected utilization. As a consequence, we increased our individual MA membership growth to approximately 530,000 members versus the prior range of 480,000 to 500,000, and decreased our full year Retail segment benefit ratio by 30 basis points from the prior range at the midpoint. Additionally, our pretax income for the segment is increasing $100 million at the midpoint. Our Healthcare Services segment also continues to perform well, and it's delivering strong results as expected. All of our businesses in this segment including Pharmacy, Clinical, Provider and Kindred are having a very solid year. In our Group and Specialty segment, various factors, mostly one-time in nature resulted in a higher benefit ratio than previously expected. I would note however, that core trend remains as expected and in the range of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points. Investments include, dental platform enhancement, the position is very attractive business for future growth, this required a significant IT upgrade and network revisions, including recontracting and rate adjustments resulting in payments to providers. We are also making other enhancements to make our commercial infrastructure more robust and scalable to move up market, including investments in local teams in key markets and the medical network that is more attractive to larger groups to capitalize on our new partnerships and the innovation we are looking to drive. The higher benefit ratio along with increased compensation from the enterprise incentive-based program resulted in $100 million decline in our full year pretax income guidance from our previous midpoint to a range of $125 million to $175 million. From a capital deployment and cash flow perspective, you will recall that we entered into $1 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement last quarter. It is important to note that under the ASR, we paid the entire $1 billion upon entering into the agreement and received 80% of the shares based on the average share price on that date. We expect the ASR to complete in the fourth quarter at which time we will settle it based on the volume weighted average price at which the stock was ultimately purchased over the term of the ASR less than negotiated discount. Additionally, we now expect operating cash flows of $4.1 billion to $4.3 billion for the full year. The increase of $1 billion from our previous guidance primarily reflects higher earnings, continued top line outperformance driven by significant MA membership growth, which has exceeded expectations and other working capital changes. With that, I will now discuss our high level expectations for 2020 membership revenue and earnings per share. We believe that the strong results in 2019, which we were able to reinvest in 2020 product design, along with the strategic investments we have made and meaningful productivity initiatives that we have pursued have set us up to weather the headwinds we are facing and provide investors with a solid 2020 outlook. As it relates to the productivity initiatives, we began working on these well over a year ago to prepare for the scheduled hit return. And the entire company rallied to not only reduce costs, but also to drive longer-term sustainability and a simplified experience for our members across all of our major processes. We looked horizontally across silos to identify efficiencies, leveraging automation wherever possible. We removed management layers that were keeping us further from our customer, we created efficiencies in our local markets to ensure that every customer touch point was adding value, we rationalized our real estate portfolio and we streamlined our corporate structure, eliminating non-value-added work from our centralized functions. We did all of this to free up capacity, not only to minimize the disruption to our members and our shareholders from the scheduled return or the HIF, but also, so we could continue to invest in technology and new clinical models to drive quality and an improved and simplified experience for our members, distribution partners and providers. Ultimately we had to make very difficult decisions. And as Bruce discussed, we reduced our workforce by around 2% taking a onetime charge of approximately $46 million. Importantly, we were able to minimize the number of associates impacted by these efforts by meaningfully reducing hiring over the past year, evaluating the necessity of open roles and where possible transitioning individuals to strategically aligned open positions from roles that no longer support our strategy. All-in, these workforce initiatives effected approximately 2000 positions. Notwithstanding these significant efforts, the scheduled return of the HIF forced us to reduce benefits for some of our members. We were prudent and thoughtful in our approach and based on what we're seeing early in the ongoing annual election period, we expect to grow our individual MA membership by 270,000 to 330,000 members in 2020. This represents growth of approximately 7.5% to 9.2% with the low end representing our view of 2020 individual MA membership growth for the industry. The number we are providing today could change materially depending on how sales develop and where voluntary terminations ultimately come in. As is typical, we have very little member termination data at this point in the AEP cycle. With respect to group Medicare advantage, as we have previously stated, growth can vary widely from year-to-year based on the pipeline of opportunities, particularly large accounts going out to bid. While we had solid growth in 2019, we expect more robust growth in 2020 of approximately 90,000 members, an increase of 18%. This includes a large contract win from a competitor. Regarding PDP, the repositioning of the product for 2020 has affected approximately 60% or 2.6 million of 4.4 million PDP members. We proceeded with the important principle, that it is critical to have a low premium product in the marketplace to attract a balanced risk pool. We are also committed to returning to growth in this business. Well, the actions we took were necessary to drive long-term sustainability and provide a growth path going forward following two years of significant PDP membership losses, these changes are resulting in more uncertainty around our membership expectations for the PDP business in 2020. Based on what we've experienced in the annual election period to-date, we expect a net decline in PDB membership of at least a few 100,000 in 2020. We expect to grow nicely in the new low priced Humana Walmart Value Rx plan, but we are seeing high plan-to-plan changes and terminations associated with the Premier Rx plan. However, we will caution that we are still early in the AEP and the open enrollment period from January to March adds additional uncertainty, given the potential member disruption from these changes. With respect to Medicaid, excluding the Louisiana contract win, as we await the results of the protest and member allocations among the winning plans, we anticipate 2020 membership growth of approximately 150,000 to 200,000 lives. This increase primarily reflects the impact of discontinuing our reinsurance agreement with CareSource and assuming full financial risk for our existing Kentucky Medicaid contract as of 1.1. We are currently awaiting the results of the Kentucky contract rebid which we expect in relatively short order. Finally, in our Group and Specialty segment, we expect total group commercial medical membership losses in the range of 80,000 to 100,000 members. This reflects robust membership growth in our small group level-funded ASO products which will be more than offset by continued pressure in our community rated and large group fully insured box, as well as our large account ASO product, due to the competitive pricing environment. I will now briefly turn to our 2020 expected financial performance. With respect to the top line, we anticipate our revenue growth percentage to once again be in the double-digits, primarily reflecting solid Medicare Advantage membership growth and per member per month premium increases. From an earnings perspective, we believe we have struck the appropriate balance between membership and earnings growth in light of the significant headwind that the HIF creates, and we continue to expect reasonable growth and earnings per share off of our initial $17.25, 2019 guidance midpoint, below our long-term target of 11% to 15%. More specifically, we anticipate that the current Wall Street consensus estimate for 2020 EPS will fall within the initial EPS guidance range that we provide on the fourth quarter call, albeit, we expect this consensus number to approach the top end of the range that we will provide. We look forward to providing more specifics on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions and fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Great, thanks. And thanks for all the color on the guidance side of things. So obviously hefty top line growth. You mentioned some of the margin pressure obviously or continued margin pressure largely from sort of HIF. So, if you can balance out sort of how you're thinking about kind of margin and the margin ramp, as we think about not just 2020, but then into 2021 as well. Just directional commentary there, I know you don't want to give too much specifics. And then, just more specifically around this year on the population base that you've captured kind of within individual. And anything you can call out that makes the initial margins may be a little bit better than usual or processes that you've put in place that help sort of better manage the margin earlier to give you sort of maybe some runway as we think about 2020 and potentially better margin as we move through the year? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Ralph, it's Brian. With regard to the individual MA margin, we're not prepared to give specifics today. I would tell you that for 2019, obviously as we continue to raise guidance, we are getting closer to our margin target, but we are still below it. I'll remind you that we've taken some of this outperformance and reinvested that in a benefit design for 2020, so that will obviously adversely impact the margin, but yes, we also need to grow pretax. And so, I would tell you that our margin for 2020 will continue to be below our long-term target, albeit, we continue to make progress against that goal. Beyond that, as we've committed is to getting back to that 4.5% to 5% margin target, obviously not prepared to give specifics on beyond 2020 today, but it's a focus of the organization to do that while we balance membership growth, because ultimately what we want to achieve is our 11% to 15% EPS growth target. With respect to new members, what I would say is that we've been pleased with how new members are running. As you know, we typically priced them to breakeven in the first year, as it takes several years for them to be documented appropriately and get into our clinical programs to ultimately drive margin from those members. I would tell you that our new members are running a little bit better than expectations as we approach the fourth quarter here. So that's obviously good news.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. Thanks for all the color.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm also focused on Medicare advantage and enrollment growth this year, I think you've raised now 5 times and growth is about double where your original expectations were. So kind of a follow-up to Ralph. One, have you done anything differently from a selling standpoint, either broker channel or anything like that, that has driven the intra-year growth higher than you normally experience? And then secondly, Brian, on the answer you just gave, Ralph, is the upside to margin this year more attributable to new membership doing better or is it more the base doing better? Thanks.
Brian Kane: I'll just start with the second question. I would say it's more of the base. I would just tell you that the new members are running a little bit better than expectations, but our core, what we call concurrent members are running really exceptionally well, which is what's driving the outperformance. As it relates to membership guidance, this is obviously a difficult number to predict because you're trying to understand what competitors have done, what the broker channel is doing. And what we've seen this year really are several things. First off in the optional election period or open enrollment period, effectively members have a one-time option to change plans early in the year that was something new this year. And we outgrew our expectations there really as a consequence of the fact that our benefit design and our  I think our broker relationships were really positive. And so that was one of the lifts that we got. Obviously, coming out of the AEP, it's always unpredictable, where youll ultimately finished because there's so little data when we first give guidance, but Id say the first upside was around the OEP. And I would just say throughout the year, we've been pleasantly surprised about how our membership has been resonating with  and our benefit design has been resonating with new potential members, again, the broker channel is really outperforming, I would say theyre the channel that's producing most of the outperformance currently. And that's just a function of, I think, the relationship that we develop, the tools that we provide them and the brand in the marketplace that we've been able to establish because of the really service we provide and the provider relationships that we've had. And so, we've just seen continued resonance in the marketplace that had been above our expectations.
David Windley: Great. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Just to add, I think, we also had expanded our Special Needs Plans and the ability to market them all year long has also been contributed to the over performance. I think we continue to see us being strong in that marketplace both in the current year and in subsequent years.
David Windley: Great. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Peter Costa: Good morning. Thanks for that discussion about the HIF for next year and its impact, hopefully somebody hears that. From  my question now is looking at your guidance for 2020 at consensus of 18.75 for next year, that's sort of 8.5% growth, which sort of matches what you talked about before early in the year about the growth you expected for 2020. Having said that, your performance this year has pretty dramatically outperformed where you originally thought you would be and your growth has been faster. Can you tell us, has that number come up in your mind over  since you first discussed the reasonable or good growth for next year or has that number stayed about the same? And if it has stayed about the same, why has it not gone higher?
Brian Kane: Okay. It's a fair question. I really wouldn't  I prefer not to give all the specific play-by-play as to how our guidance points ultimately developed. Obviously, there are lot of factors that go into our guidance. On the outperformance that we've seen this year has been positive with respect to that. We incorporated a lot of that outperformance into our benefit design, which was really important, we talked about that the last quarter. Obviously, the more you outperform, you feel better about the guidance that you're given, but beyond that, I wouldn't want to comment. We feel good about the guidance, the number that we're given today and we'll provide more details on the fourth quarter call.
Peter Costa: If I could, just a follow-up. Is there a concern about the group business being underperforming and that's holding you back or is it a concern about the Part D business, although, that's  you're talking about that down only a couple 100,000 lives, which seems really good given the price increases so many of those members are facing.
Brian Kane: Yes. Look, we are still ways away from understanding the membership that we've attracted, in AEP, we're just starting the process, PDP matters too, just in terms of the member movement and who moves and how that occurs. And so there's always lots of uncertainty at this time of year in providing guidance, which why we hesitatingly do so. But I know it's important for our investors that we do. And so we try to give you a broad context of how we're seeing things. And I would just say there's lots of uncertainty at this point in the year. And I think the guidance we've given is appropriate and reflects our current best thinking.
Peter Costa: Thank you very much.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee: Yes. Hey, thanks for taking the questions. Just wanted to ask about, let me switch over to Medicaid here, obviously the wind in Louisiana is positive, but you didn't get anything necessarily in Texas for the star plus program. Just a question is that, have you seen the scoring yet? And to give you a sense of sort of where you think you might have missed out here? Is there something that you might want to consider appealing for? And then more broadly with some of the RFP opportunities coming up like in Pennsylvania at the end of the year and possibly Ohio as well. How are you thinking about your organic efforts to grow the business going forward?
Bruce Broussard: Let me take that question. Obviously, we're very excited about the Louisiana opportunity coming in second and really the top four profit organization in the scores, which I think also supports how we did in Florida. And what we see is, in the states that are looking for a progressive view on Medicaid and looking for a comprehensive program that really isn't taking some of the historical programs and carrying them forward, but really dealing with things like social determinants, doing things in areas of value-based payment models, using predictive models to allow much more clinical interaction. We've seen thats being a very responsive to our capabilities. I think Texas, we continue to be engaged in Texas, we're not going to comment on how we approach the  both this current award and then in addition the award that will be coming out in subsequent months. But we do believe that Texas probably erred a little bit on the area of staying a little bit true to what has been the traditional players as opposed to looking a little broader in market and where other states have gone and being a little more oriented to some of the programs that we offer. That being said, we continue to be very oriented to market that are complementary to our Medicare platform as  and you'll see us participate in other states that where we have a good position in the marketplace, both in our relationships with providers around value-based capability where we have social programs to help support the communities that we have there, and in addition, where we have strong relationships with the states. So you'll see us respond to RFPs, I don't think we're giving out where we're responding to, but I think if you look at the overlap of where we have deep capabilities and with our MA, that will give you guys some insight of what we  where we would prioritize our states at.
Charles Rhyee: Thanks. Just to clarify, in Kentucky, there was no actual official date that the state ever notified that they would make a decision by, is it just sort of that we've been expecting a decision around this time?
Bruce Broussard: That's correct. We expect a decision relatively short order on that.
Charles Rhyee: Okay, great. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I appreciate the fact that throughout the year you guys have outperformed and reinvested some of the outperformance into the bids for 2020. But we're getting later into the year, and so the MA outperformance in Q3 feels like it's probably difficult to say that that's been kind of built-back into the bid. So just trying to think about how that flows through into your thinking about next years margin targets? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. I think that's fair. I mean, look, we've outperformed in the third quarter that obviously does flow through to next year, we're mindful of that, and it's incorporated in the 2020 perspective that we've given today. But you're correct, I mean, obviously the better the Medicare business performs in the back half of the year, the better we're set up for a stronger 2020.
Amy Smith: Thanks, Kevin. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel: Hey, thanks. Want to ask just about the group and specialty business and sort of thinking about this, I guess over the next sort of multi-year framework. So if you look at the updated revenue and segment profit guidance, it implies only a little bit more than a 3% pretax margin for 2019, obviously, I know there is some investments in there, but also some of these mixed shifts. Maybe talk about, what you think the longer-term sort of margin range for that business conceptually should be? And if the margins stayed at these levels, it's called a 3% or so, a little bit North of that. How do you think about sort of returns in this business in terms of the risk-based capital and the resources that you provide into this as compared to sort of other options that you would have for deploying still meaningful capital that you have for the group business. Thanks.
Brian Kane: Yes. Good morning, Scott. We haven't given specific margin guidance targets for the commercial business. What I would say is though that we are committed to growing it and really appealing to an employer base that is really crying out for a different offering. And we believe, weve the opportunity to leverage our clinical chassis from our retail business. Some of the partnerships that Bruce outlined, some of the innovative D&A that we have within Humana to  we believe offer a product that is compelling to the group space. We view this space as having a lot of optionality, it's something that we want to continue to invest in and something we will invest in. As you indicated, we have invested this year, you'll continue to see us invest in it. The margins on the specialty product being the dental and vision product are very attractive and so it's important to get that right. So we set ourselves up for a strong growth path over the coming years. And I would say also we have an opportunity to leverage really the pipeline that group provides into the retail segment for the  going from under 65 over 65 both for our individual business, as well as for our group MA business. And I think, that's something we haven't really capitalized as much as we can do and you'll see us continue to focus there. And so, as Bruce mentioned in his remarks, we're continuing to look up market. So we're very focused on the small group customer and it's something we've done quite well, particularly on the ASO level funded side and the traditional underwritten product, where we've done quite well. But we think there's the opportunity to move a little bit up market, really build out key markets, where some of the infrastructure hasn't been as geared to some of these larger account customers. And I think offer an innovative product, it's going to take several years, but we're committed to that. And I think also you'll see because of a number of more one-time investments this year, you'll see an increase in pretax for next year, I mean for 2020.
Bruce Broussard: As Brian has highlighted, we realized that we need to improve the group performance and we look at it in a few different ways. First, I think you'll continue to see us focus on how can we improve the productivity of the business and do it in a way that has long-term sustainability, thats one. I think, second is that youre going to see us orient to markets that we feel are complimentary to Medicare and be much more oriented to what markets we're in, as opposed to being in a number of different markets. We find our products are more regional based, they are  they serve a customer base that has a large employment base that's in that region. So school districts would be a good example of that and municipalities and other governmental agencies that we serve. The third thing I think you'll see is, is that we Accolade is a great example of that. That you'll  that will continue to focus on how we differentiate ourselves through experience and also health offerings, which is at the core of what our  the company is about, if you look at our Medicare success, our clinical capabilities, and in addition, our customer service sort of ranks as being best in breed, I think you'll see us continue to do that. So, we realize this year's performance in group is not something that we're proud of. We are very active to both improving it in the short run, but as Brian says that as I think under Chris Hunter's leadership that we are very oriented to improving the business in a way that compliments the existing platforms that we have and both markets and in specific capabilities.
Amy Smith: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Sarah James: Thank you. We got the final home health rates with a little over 4% behavioral assumption baked in. And some of your peers have cite not insignificant margin pressure for 2020. How do you think about this rate structure impacting Humana's comp health margins? Is it impactful at all to the 2020 guide that you alluded to? Is it a headwind we should consider there? And I realized that there's a big strategic importance of home health beyond the unit itself, but was wondering if this impacts at all your vision for growing or potentially exercising the call option in the future? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take it. I think there's multiple layers of points to the reimbursement and let me sort of talk a little bigger picture and then we'll get down to the specifics of the 8% versus 4% behavioral adjustment. I think in general, when we went into the Kindred investment, we went into it with the view that there would be reimbursement changes in there and those reimbursement changes would not only be rate impacted, but also just the way the business was going to the drivers of the business. And we are very excited about the changes of the reimbursement model, moving to a model that is going to reward more for nursing and reward more for chronic conditions as opposed to just therapy and be more oriented to less chronic conditions. So first just the structural changes there we find are very helpful for our member base and then advancing the downstream costs, such as admissions and readmissions in addition complications of particular conditions in total. The second thing is when we constructed the deal and did our forecast, we constructed the deal with knowing that there would be a transition both  that would require operational transition, and in addition, require us from a financial point of view. And so, when we did the deal on it and based on our valuations, we also assumed this particular transition there. That is one of the reasons why you saw the organization invest in technology in 2019 to be able to prepare for these changes. And I think, if you were sitting in the board room of Kindred, you would also see a number of other changes both from competencies, clinical programs and so on and preparing for it. So I think  the both Kindred and Humana are very active in that evolution. The third thing is on the just the financial side and I would say that it is incorporated in our outlook for 2020 and the years beyond that. But I do also want to highlight that in, when we were to exercise the put or call it is on the operating performance post that reimbursement change. So it does reflect in the other 60% that we purchased on. So, in summary, we're very excited about the changes as it structurally changes the economics to take on the conditions that we feel are most important for our members. Secondarily, we have incorporated that in the transaction, both in the operating results that we see over the coming years. But then most importantly, as our  as we move to exercise in the put or call is, it will be reflected in the purchase price accordingly.
Sarah James: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Amy Smith: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Question around retail partnerships and specifically with Walmart. And just as you guys went through the big changes in PDP this year and got to learn a little bit more about the retail side of things, maybe any lessons learned about the importance of having local sort of community based care? And then sort of as an aside with bigger growth in the low cost product and some bigger declines in Premier. Are there differences in profitability by product in PDP?
Bruce Broussard: Ill take the first part, and Ill let Brian take the second part. In our relationships with retailers, we feel the combination of local convenience of both the pharmacy itself, but also the pharmacist is a very important part of the delivery both in Part D and also MA in total because we find the pharmacist is an important conversation to have not only about the drug but also about just conditions in general and so we  our relationships, whether it's a Walmart or Walgreens or other drug stores are very important for that and the delivery of that. We've had a long standing and a very positive relationship with Walmart over the years and their drive of being low cost in the marketplace and our preference to be low cost in the marketplace is sort of an important synergy that we drive towards. And we feel that it continues to be that going forward. This year is obviously an exceptional year for us in the conversion as a result of moving  having to combine two plans to create capacity for our low cost plan and the confusion that takes, but Walmart was very excited about our opportunity to bring a low cost plan out to be the leader in the low cost plan, which really sets what their  one of their missions is in both locally and nationally. I'll turn it over now to Brian, maybe talk a little bit about the profitability between the different products.
Brian Kane: Without providing too much color because we typically don't give a lot of detail on individual products. Obviously the premium being much lower in the low price Walmart plan, the dollar margins going to be less per unit sold. The question then becomes what is the impact on the healthcare services side and we'll see what the mail order uptick rate is, that'll be an important element of the profitability. And so obviously as we went into this year and we set guidance we're aware of those dynamics as they're shifting between the plans and some of that questioned around how many people migrate from one plan to the other obviously is an important assumption in our ultimate guidance range that we gave to that.
Josh Raskin: Thanks guys.
Amy Smith: Thanks, Josh. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Tanal: Good morning guys, thanks for taking the question. I guess results year-to-date, some of the commentary as well would suggests the new members this year seem to be some of more profitable than, than you typically see in the first year. And so I, I guess, I have two questions in the back of that. First is, is there any reason to think that the ramp up in underwriting margins in 2020 would be less helpful than in the typical year, perhaps you could comment on what you assumed in your initial view on that front? And then second, is it reasonable to view the uptick in DCPs kind of despite favorable commentary on cost trend, solid MBRs reported year-to-date as maybe a bit of a hedge against the risk of adverse selection or just higher MLR into next, year just given how fast you guys have grown the business.
Bruce Broussard: And with respect to 2020 new members, again, I just tried to provide commentary that the new members are running well. And so one of the biggest concerns you have when you particularly go 530,000 members that you could get adversely selected and you'd have problems there. What the message we're communicating today is actually that the members are running well. We're not going to make any change in our assumptions. We always assume the members are breakeven because again, these are largely on the margin, but we want to make sure that that we appropriately reflect the fact that our experience has been that these new members are break even, so that'll be the assumption  certainly the assumption in our guidance today. With respect to DCPs, I wouldn't read too much into DCPs. We feel that we are properly reserved this statistic can vary meaningfully quarter-to-quarter. If you look back over time, it varies several days not uncommonly from quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year, whatever that may be. I would just say, we feel good about how we're reserved and we think we'll reserve appropriately.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Crdit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. I may have missed this. So I just want to ask this as a technical clarification and then ask you about the health care service division. Did you put a savings number on the productivity initiative you're rolling out, an annualized savings number that you hope to get at some point in the future from that. And then on the PBM, I guess we haven't asked you on this type of call in a while about your thinking there, any update on thought about investments there, whether you would look to potentially add capabilities? You're also in a situation where there the other major PBMs are now aligned with a commercial insurer, does that give you any interest in potentially getting in the market, maybe helping other health plans or even smaller PBMs with some of the capabilities that you have expanding your reach?
Brian Kane: Yes. It's Brian, good morning A.J. So on the savings numbers, we haven't given a specific number in terms of what the 2020 savings are going to be, but they're, very meaningful. We mentioned that there are 2,000 positions that were really impacted by this and so that's a meaningful number and there were a number of non-sort of personnel related decisions that we've made that will result in significant savings. I would just say also going forward, the intention is to continue the productivity initiatives into the future. We believe it's essential to be efficient with our resources not only to drive down costs, but also we believe it creates a better experience and outcome for our members and also frankly from a compliance perspective. So you'll see us continue to leverage automation in AI and other elements of looking really cross processes rather than within vertical silos.
Bruce Broussard: Just to add to what Brian's saying. A.J., I think you remember when the tax reform came out 24 months ago or so, we committed to our shareholders that we were going to invest in technology that would give us a longer-term savings. What you're seeing in 2019 that will show up in 2020 is the leveraging of that investment to come back and provide value to the shareholders. End of year that's needed considering the HIF and the need to continue to remain competitive in the marketplace. So I wanted to just go back in history to connect the dots there.
Brian Kane: On the PBM side, obviously this is a critical business for us. We're going to continue to invest, there's really several elements of it, there's traditional PBM side and how do we become best-in-class in sort of our claims processing and our formulary management in our IT capabilities, et cetera. And so we're very focused there on investing on that side of the business, there's then sort of traditional mail order pharmacy, both in terms of driving penetration as well as directly creating a much better customer experiences. As Bruce has mentioned, we've been given awards on that front. We continue to invest in that and want to continue to lead the space there with regard to customer experience. We will look for opportunities to grow our specialty franchise. And so you'll see that as we look to grow that business. Obviously more and more of the pharmaceuticals fill today in the specialty space and that's something that we want to continue to grow. We want to figure out ways to grow our traditional mail order penetration, so you'll see us invest there. And with regard to third-parties, we actually have a small third party business. We would be open to continuing to grow that, depending on the opportunity and so again, we're always looking for opportunistic opportunities out there to grow the business. And so I think we're thinking broadly about the PBM, it's a business that we want to continue to grow directly beyond just the MA and PDP membership growth in our retail segments, so we're very focused there.
Amy Smith: Thank you, gentleman.
A.J. Rice: Okay.
Amy Smith: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Newshel of Evercore ISI, your line is open.
Michael Newshel: Thanks. I wanted to follow up on the dental re-contract and upgrade, can you just size how big of an impact that was? And is that wholly a one-quarter issue or is there a like a longer headwind as premiums catch up to the lower reimbursement rates in renewals over the next few quarters?
Brian Kane: That was definitely a number of one-time cost, I'd rather not quantify it, if it weren't meaningful, we wouldn't have called it out obviously, but I just  not give that level of granularity. I would say that this is going to be a several quarter investment in dental and getting us onto a growth path. We've actually done quite well in that business. We just think it's an opportunity to grow much faster, not only leveraging our individual MA growth, which we think is meaningful to cross sell in terms of what were called OSBs or Optional Supplementary Benefits that we can cross sell, but also on the group side as well. So we continue to look to how to grow the group dental business. And so we want to ensure that we have platforms, systems and provider relationships that allow us to achieve that growth. And so we're going to continue to invest in it. I think you're going to start seeing a pay-off over time and as I said, we're committed to that.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Good morning. So focusing on the relationship with Walmart, obviously you had a long term relationship thats focused on the pharmacy and the pharmacist and Part D. Walmart recently launched their healthcare hub strategy in some markets. Do you see opportunities to expand the partnership with Walmart and crossover to the medical side as well?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I mean, we always in discussions of how we can expand our partnership with Walmart that we find, as I mentioned on the previous question, that we find our culture and our goals are aligned, especially in the healthcare area. What we've found in their quest to expand their platform in healthcare within some place like Rome, Georgia, is that it is very catered to the commercial and their associate base as opposed to being more senior focused as what our products and services are. So we are little more narrower in our approach. And so if you take our relationship with Walgreens in both in the Kansas city area and expanding into the South Carolina area, that is a senior oriented delivery model that is very much oriented around chronic conditions and value- based payment models. That's a different operating approach than Walmart is doing in some of their stores, but that's very commercial oriented and very fee-for-service oriented, low price in nature and I think they're really trying to help the healthcare system and bring in efficiencies to it. But in a much different model, we're much more oriented to seniors, much more oriented to broader health conditions that we are managing over a longer period of time as opposed to maybe a little more volume and fee-for-service orientation.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then just one follow-up on the Medicaid side, obviously you're growing Medicaid nicely. When we think about future opportunities, are you open to pursuing an M&A to accelerate growth or are you primarily still focused on growing through a winning contract? Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: I think we look at it as a combination. We believe that our capabilities that we've built over the last number of years afford us the opportunity to interstate organically, which you've seen. But in addition we find that there are regional areas where we can expand in a quicker and more capital efficient way through acquisitions and we will be more than open to go that approach to.
Amy Smith: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Matt Borsch: Yes. Sorry if I missed this and you covered it, but on the fourth quarter earnings implied projection, it seems significantly conservative given how much you beat by this quarter. Is there anything else to read into it?
Bruce Broussard: Well, I would just say a number of investments are going to take place in the fourth quarter as they typically do. Really, reflecting the annual enrollment period and also the significant PDP sort of flux that we've seen, because of the number of members that are impacted by our changes. And so we were investing significantly just to ensure that transition goes as smoothly as possible. So I wouldn't read anything into it.
Matt Borsch: And just, if I could on the health insurer fee, as you look ahead to 2021, is there anything that gives you a reasonable hope in this basis? Sorry, at this point given it's an election year that we're going to try to get this done get, can you get another suspension?
Bruce Broussard: Yes., Matt. We would love to be able to speculate on this and give you the specifics on it. I think what we do believe is that there is a bipartisan support for this. I think if you were to talk to anybody, I would say it just doesn't make sense the way it's constructed at taxes, the underprivileged and it's just not appropriate. I think the industry is wrestling with, not support it's wrestling with how does it get through the legislative process and all I don't want to say dysfunction, but the confusion that's in Washington right now, it's just hard to predict how this will get going through. There's some things, that they need to pass, there's some, how long do they pass it as it's sort of did they give a 30 day extension on certain things and get it through to January? Do they do six months? I mean there's just so many ways that this could get navigated through that. We're just sort of sitting there and believing that it should be done. We believe that with their support, we're just trying to find the Avenue to do it and I think that's a little bit out of our control. We're influencing it as much as possible, but we are trying to find that right opportunity.
Matt Borsch: Okay. Thank you for taking that on.
Amy Smith: Yes. Thanks Matt. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steve Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning Bruce and Brian. So you guys mentioned in the prepared remarks a new group membership contract win from a competitor for 2020 and guessing that new win is the Alabama Public Education Employees contract, unless there was a different large wind separate from Alabama, but either way, just on Alabama specifically, we calculated previously this contract alone could add up to a $0.20 to $0.25 of EPS for next year depending on the margin profile. Now you want to get down to discussing that level of granularity, but the question is, I guess I'm just wondering at a high-level, do you typically assume a decent level of profitability in margin in year one for new group contracts of this nature? Where does profitability get overwhelmed by onboarding costs in year one? Like it does an individual MA that you've talked about historically? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Without commenting on the specifics of the actual contract, I think it's fair to say that in the initial year the profitability is significantly less and that profitability ramps up over the time of the contract. We bid to ensure that our contribution margin positive, that's important for us to drive returns on capital, but there's definitely an improvement in those results over time, largely for similar reasons. These members get in our clinical programs, which we find have a meaningful impact on their medical costs and their health and then also their conditions get documented more appropriately, so for the same reasons that impact individual MA results to similar dynamic in group.
Steve Valiquette: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Amy Smith: Thanks, Steve. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. I just had a clarification and then a question, on the clarification, Brian, with respect to the 2020 EPS guidance. The last couple of years, you've given a range of $0.40 to $0.50 in the initial annual guide. Is there any reason why we should expect that range to be lighter this year?
Brian Kane: I think that's probably reasonable.
Gary Taylor: And then the real question I want to ask, I know this has been discussed a little bit. But just on the retail MA enrollment guidance for 2020, the 7.5% to 9.2%. You mentioned some benefit reductions in your plans. To us, it looked like your benefit reductions are more conservative than others that you're still guiding for above-market growth in your MA business. So is that optimism just purely the broker relationships, the marketing, the overall value-add that you think your plans represent in the marketplace? Or is there something more specifically, given we're almost halfway through open enrollment that is just perhaps trending better than you might have thought a couple of months ago?
Brian Kane: Well, I think it's a combination of things where we are still early in open enrollment in terms of the data, termination data is a really important element here and that's something that we just really don't have a lot of data on. It's very incomplete. I think you have a better view of sales, but still quite early in sales. A lot of the sales happen towards the end of the AEP period. So clearly our guidance is based in part on that, but also we evaluate on a market-by-market basis how we're positioned competitively. We have obviously all the plans that are out there, so we can see how we stack up versus others. We do think that our relationships with the broker community are very important and our external channel and internal career force is very focused on driving growth. And so obviously that's a part of the calculation as well. And so, we'll see where it goes. I mean it's, it's very hard to predict that at this part  this part of the cycle, as Bruce said we did have to reduce benefits for certain of members. We were very thoughtful and prudent about that and that's entirely on account of the health insurance fee. We've taken a balanced approach as we always do to growth into margin, but we think we've been bit baffled on how we've done that. So the guidance we put out today is really our best estimate of where we think we'll be and as we get further into the AEP period and obviously after we'll have more clarity around that.
Amy Smith: Thanks Gary. I believe this will be our last question. So next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from UBS. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. You guys have really scaled up your special need business presence this year. Would anything change your expectation on seeing growth in those Special Needs Plans next year? Just curious how you're thinking about the strategy around SNP plans in 2020 and then with 2021, around the corner and ESRD eligibility, just any update on conversations with CMS would be helpful. Thanks.
Brian Kane: So on the D-SNP side, as Bruce said earlier, we are committed to growing our D-SNP, you've seen significant increase in growth this year on the D-SNP side, we've expanded our D-SNP offering. I think you'll continue to see us expand our D-SNP offering. We believe that these members play right to Humana's strengths, which is managing difficult conditions and clinical challenges. And so it really is right in our strike zone. And so you'll see us continue to expand that. We'll see where it goes with this year and obviously it's a competitive space but we're committed to growing it.
Bruce Broussard: On the ESRD, I mean we are very actively engaged with CMS on the details of that particular program, realizing that those members are both in great need of assistance and we see the Medicare Advantage program being able to slow the disease progression down for our members and at the same time finding cost effective treatment for their complex disease. I would say that over the coming months, we'll probably see more details that come out of how that program will roll out all the way from  as they're going to be an adjustment in benchmark to things like network adequacy to areas of how some ESRD will evolve. So there's a lot of  we believe there's a lot of changes that are needed in that we've communicated those changes to ensure that both those members and members that do not have ESRD would have adjustments made if the proper rates are not adjusted accordingly.
Bruce Broussard: With that, I think we'll call it that's it, right. And again, like every quarter we really appreciate both our shareholders support and in addition our analyst support in helping us communicate the story. In addition, we couldn't do this without the 50,000 associates that everyday get up and help our members and help us be successful like we have over the last number of years. So we appreciate everyone's support and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Moira and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to todays Humana second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, simply press star then the number one on your touchtone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, you may press the pound key. Thank you. With that, it is now my pleasure to turn todays program over to Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, the floor is yours.
Amy Smith: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Cane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2019 results and our updated financial outlook for the full year. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the line for a question and answer session with industry analysts. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statements. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our second quarter 2019 earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that todays discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Managements explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, Ill turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we reported adjusted earnings per share of $6.05 for the second quarter of 2019 and raised our full-year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $17.60, primarily reflecting improved results in our retail segment. We are pleased to deliver these strong results while experiencing the highest individual Medicare Advantage membership growth we have see in the last decade, which is reflective of our operating discipline and execution, investments in our integrated care delivery strategy, and our relentless focus on creating a simple and personalized healthcare experience for our members.  Today we are raising our full-year 2019 individual MA membership growth guidance to a range of 480,000 to 500,000 members, primarily reflecting improved rest of the year growth projections for agents and our dual special needs plans. Through the end of the second quarter, our DSNP membership grew approximately 21% or 46,000 members from the prior year, demonstrating our ability to serve the unique needs of this population through our benefit offerings and the deep clinical programs and services weve built over the years. Seniors are increasingly choosing Medicare Advantage because of the program rewards high quality of care, fosters deep relationships, aligns incentives under a consumer-based model designed to manage the sickest, most vulnerable beneficiaries, encourages a holistic view of member health, and creates the competitive market forces that encourage innovation. The aging population and the ongoing increased penetration of Medicare Advantage as a percentage of total Medicare eligibles combined with our strong brand and value proposition gives us confidence in our long-term membership growth prospects.  It is important to note that our growth trajectory is balanced across product lines, including HMO, PPO, and DSNP, individual Medicare Advantage offerings, group Medicare, and Medicaid. To drive this broad and balanced long term growth, we are investing in capabilities that create sustainable member value with a focus on five key areas of influence: primary care, home, pharmacy, behavioral health, and social determinants of health, which we outlined at our March investor day.  We also spoke to our consumer-centric, health outcomes-focused operating model enabled by technology. As we invest further in these capabilities, our investment approach encompasses both the type of investment as well as the return horizon, balancing both short term growth and long term sustainability. We consider the implications of our investment in terms of their ability to advance our strategy and create sustainable competitive advantage. Important too is the risk profile of the investment in the context of structural changes in our industry and the speed at which those changes are occurring. Following this philosophy enables us to vary our approach based on both enterprise and local market considerations via wholly owned investments, both organic and through purchases, partnerships, or direct contracting. Some examples of our success in deploying capital with risk-based return criteria include our primary care partnerships, minority investments in Kindred at Home, and minority investments in start-up organizations to encourage and learn from innovation.  Today, Id like to highlight a few ways we are delivering on our commitments from our investor day. In primary care, our investment strategy comes to life through our multiple pronged approach to expanding access to value-based care. We may own, partner or contract with providers based on the local market dynamics and appetite for value-based contracts. Over the years, weve fostered deep relationships with providers, meeting them where they are as they evolve to value-based care. This oftentimes includes our supporting them through reporting and analytics complemented by dedicated human resources. As a result of these longstanding relationships, approximately one-third of our individual MA members are cared for by providers in full risk arrangements, and another third are cared for by providers under value-based arrangements along the path to full risk.  Included in our full risk arrangements are wholly owned and JV alliance clinics which allow us the agility to stand up high quality senior-focused primary care in underserved markets. By the end of 2019, we expect to open 40 new clinics, nine of which have already opened, expanding our footprint to 272 primary clinics. This includes 12 new partners in primary care clinics, including five new clinics in Houston as well as three additional pilot clinics with Walgreens in Kansas City and Anderson, South Carolina.  In the home through our minority investment in Kindred at Home, we are piloting value-based care models in multiple markets and continue to see encouraging results from a standalone financial perspective for Kindred at Home, and from the standpoint of delivering improved clinical outcomes for our members. To usher in the next wave of integration, Humana and Kindred at Home have invested in an interdisciplinary team of clinicians responsible for taking the best practices gleaned from pilot markets and applying those learnings across Kindreds broad geographic footprint. In our pilot markets, we have seen 1,800 home health episode authorizations year to date under the new value-based model compared to 600 in all of 2018. The expanded coverage area includes six states - Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia, representing over 90 Kindred at Home branches. For the full year, we expect a total of nearly 20,000 home health episode authorizations under the new value-based model for both pilot markets and expanded coverage areas. In addition, we are preparing for the upcoming changes in 2021 when individuals with end stage renal disease will be eligible to enroll in MA. We are contemplating how we can expand options for these members and incorporate the home as an alternative site of care. We are also working with CMS on ways to enhance care, address structural barriers that exist in the dialysis market today, and ensure appropriate funding. The methods and systems in place today do not incentivize dialysis providers to focus on slowing disease progression and result in provider payments rates in excess of original Medicare. Accordingly, we are working with dialysis providers on potential alternative contracting models, including risk contracts and value-based models, to make care more affordable while driving desired clinical outcomes. Turning to our technology strategy investment, let me first highlight the key elements of our approach. We are focused on building an enterprise technology platform that can be leveraged across all our business channels, bringing together disparate systems and data both inside and outside the company with the end goal of being the creation of a single, intuitive longitudinal health record for each of our members. It is through an interoperable platform like this that we are able to deliver a seamless, simple and personalized healthcare experience. Creating this platform requires developing several layers, specifically data, analytics, and experience layers centered on customer-focused use cases. The data layer includes the governance and structure that allows for ease of integration and the consumption of multiple data types, including for example free text, images and voice. This layer then facilitates deep analytics in the mix layer. The analytics layer includes a set of contemporary tools for the use by our data scientists to develop advanced models while creating user-friendly intuitive tools for data analysts and others in the company to access in the experience layer to improve insights, capabilities, and ultimately allow for more proactive care. The experience layer enables a user experience that is simplified and personalized in the context of member circumstances and preferences. By integrating the insights from the analytics layer through a convenient and contemporary mobile app, we increase consumer engagement and ease for providers, which in turn enables the capturing of additional contextual information that informs our interaction and enhances our data and analytics to determine the next best action.  Most importantly, we are building an integrated platform utilizing the most contemporary technology and partnerships. Our deployment is modular and based on specific customer use cases with clear business needs. Let me share a few examples. Last year we announced the creation of Studio H in Boston. While its early, Studio H is beginning to launch innovative products. Humana is the first health insurer to make member ID cards available in Apple Wallet. Also, in Greenville, South Carolina we are piloting a care management application for care coaches in our clinics which integrates the electronic medical records and provides a view of the members with the most critical and immediate needs. As a result of the success of this pilot, we plan to roll out the application to all partners and primary care clinics by the end of this summer. In addition, we organically built One Med List, a medication therapy management tool that enables the provider and caregiver to have a real-time view of member adherence, improving clinical outcomes.  We also recently announced a collaboration with Epic, the most widely used comprehensive health records system, that will integrate technologies to enhance patient, provider and payor access to health information. We are the first national healthcare insurer to collaborate with Epic to power value-based care. We believe interoperability is a core consumer principle and are fully behind CMS and HHS push to free data for the benefit of healthcare consumers. Together with Epic, we are advancing interoperability to promote open communications and information transparency that will give patients and their clinicians integrated and real-time access to the patients medical history, health insights, and treatment options, which in turn enables cost reduction, improves quality, and increases patient satisfaction. To enhance the prescribers experience, we are integrating our real-time benefits check tool, Intelligent Rx, directly into Epics e-prescribing workflow, delivering real-time pharmacy data throughout its network. Physicians will be powered to weigh evidence-based outcomes with patients individual medication, cost and coverage.  All these advancements in technology in our integrated care delivery model along with many other initiatives designed to personalize and simplify the consumer experience have resulted in continued recognition of our leading position in customer satisfaction. In June, we were ranked the number one health insurer among all for-profit and not-for-profit health insurers in Forresters 2019 U.S. Customer Experience Index, which measures how brands build loyalty with the quality of their experience. This achievement reflects the dedication of our employees to helping our members achieve their best health, and we are pleased that we expect eligible employees across all levels of the organization to receive higher than targeted compensation from our annual incentive program. The expected higher payout is due not only to above-target individual membership growth and earnings per share but also as a result of improved customer satisfaction as measured by our net promoter score. Before turning the call over to Brian, Id touch briefly on 2020. Consistent with our comments last quarter, we continue to expect reasonable growth in adjusted earnings per share in 2020 and believe we have struck the appropriate balance between membership growth and margin for our individual Medicare Advantage business. As Brian will discuss further in his remarks, we are making significant investments in 2019 to create sustainable customer value and lessen the impact of significant 2020 headwinds on member benefits and premiums in 2020. That being said, millions of seniors across the industry will likely see a reduction in benefits and/or increased premiums next year from the expiration of the health insurance fee moratorium. As we have mentioned before, there is bipartisan support to eliminate the HIF. Given the significant positive benefit the removal of the fee would have on members, we continue to urge Congress to repeal the HIF. In addition, we are committed to our standalone Part D, or PDP product as it is an important product for seniors and Humana. We acknowledge that in the last two years, our PDP portfolio hasnt achieved our growth expectations. Our PDP design focus for 2020 was to evolve our portfolio to ensure we can offer a competitive product to consumers to achieve our long term membership growth targets. As we look beyond 2020, we are proactively pursuing initiatives designed to advance personalization and simplification, investing in technology and clinical program to move more proactive holistic health interventions while also continuously pursing productivity initiatives. In addition, were working to shift the broader healthcare conversation and focus to include healthcare policies that address not only coverage but also the cost and affordability of care.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Cane: Thank you Bruce, and good morning everyone. Today we reported adjusted EPS of $6.05 for the second quarter. This exceeds our previous expectations primarily due to higher revenue and better than expected medical costs in our retail segment. The favorable utilization of that we experienced earlier in the year in our retail segment relative to our initial expectations has persisted, and we are also seeing better than expected results in our healthcare services segment. This favorability was partially offset by lower than expected results in our group and specialty segment. The strong year-to-date 2019 performance has positioned us to make additional strategic investments in the back half of 2019 to support our members health, enhance customer experience, and lessen the member impact of the headwinds we face in 2020, all while increasing our full year 2019 revenue and adjusted EPS outlook. Today, we raised our full year revenue guidance by approximately $900 million to $64.2 billion to $64.8 billion and increased our adjusted EPS to approximately $17.60 from our previous range of $17.25 to $17.50. This represents year-over-year consolidated revenue growth of approximately 13 to 14% and adjusted EPS growth of approximately 21% in 2019. We expect third quarter adjusted EPS to approach 26% of the full year number, which factors in the expected negative impact of weekday seasonality in the third quarter and higher investment spending in the back half of the year.  As Bruce stated in his remarks, we are excited about our ability to execute our strategy and deliver strong results well in excess of our long term growth target of 11 to 15% while also achieving 16% individual Medicare Advantage membership growth in 2019, which not only significantly exceeds the market growth rate but also is the highest net membership addition Humana has experienced in any year in the last decade. As a result of our expectation of achieving adjusted EPS and individual MA membership growth in excess of our initial targets, and because of the increase in customer satisfaction as measured by our net promoter score, we intend to reward our associates with higher performance-based compensation under our annual incentive plan. The increased compensation is for eligible employees across all segments and all levels of the organization. Importantly, we were able to identify these positive trends soon enough to be able to invest this outperformance into the bids for our 2020 Medicare offerings to help reduce the impact of the 2020 headwinds on our customers. Additionally, we have been working diligently to identify and invest in initiatives in 2019 to further lessen the negative impact of these significant 2020 headwinds. Specifically, we are executing productivity initiatives and accelerating investments in our integrated care delivery model across all segments. These investments include, among others, automation within the clinical and pharmacy spaces to drive better and more efficient outcomes, customer support services to simplify and streamline the customer experience, artificial intelligence for commercial small group risk assessment and quoting, an enhanced dental platform to set up our specialty business for the future, technology innovation and integration to drive interoperability, including our partnership with Epic that Bruce highlighted in his remarks, and marketing investments in partnership with the external broker community. As a result of the increased investment spending coupled with higher employee compensation driven by our strong performance, we increased our full year consolidated operating cost ratio by 20 basis points at the midpoint to a range of 11.1 to 11.5%.  I will now turn to our segment results. While I will not repeat the impact within each segment, keep in mind that the increased annual incentive compensation and investment spending affect all segments.  In our retail segment, all lines of business are performing well, particularly our Medicare Advantage business. We continued to see favorable utilization relative to our initial expectations and higher than expected growth in our individual MA membership. We raised our full year individual MA membership guidance range to an increase of 480,000 to 500,000 members from our previous range of 415,000 to 440,000 members as our products continue to resonate in the marketplace. We are also seeing higher per-member revenues and increased our retail segment revenue guidance by $700 million to a range of $55.8 billion to $56.4 billion. We have also lowered our benefit ratio guidance for the segment by 30 basis points at the midpoint to a range of 86.4 to 86.8%.  As it relates to our Medicare Advantage offerings for 2020, I remind you that contracts are not final until September and we have not seen competitor plans, so we do not intend to comment specifically on our 2020 offerings at this time; however, we have worked hard to create a competitive product and lessen the impact to members from the significant headwinds we are facing, which I will discuss further in a moment.  For our standalone prescription drug plan business, we now expect a decline of approximately 700,000 members in 2019 as compared to our previous expectation of a loss of 700,000 to 750,000 due to slightly less disenrollment. As Bruce stated in his remarks, we believe we have taken meaningful ground in evolving our standalone PDP portfolio for 2020 but recognize that it may be a multi-year path to return to PDP membership growth. Lastly for this segment, our Medicaid business is running slightly ahead of expectations, an important marker of success given the amount of new members we took on this year after our statewide win in Florida.  Turning to our group and specialty segment, as I said last quarter, our level funded ASO product for small groups continues to gain traction in the marketplace as groups migrate out of the community rated segment. Small group membership comprised 37% of group ASO medical membership at June 30, 2019, up from 18% at June 30, 2018 and 26% at December 31, 2018. This migration to ASO has resulted in a modest deterioration of our community rated block, which resulted in additional negative prior period development this quarter. Furthermore, the increase in small group ASO membership with stop-loss, which generally carries a higher benefit ratio relative to our other fully insured products, is also impacting the benefit ratio. As a result, we increased our segment benefit ratio guidance by approximately 100 basis points at the midpoint to a range of 82.4 to 82.8%.  We continue to forecast core trend of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points, and we now expect full year 2019 pre-tax earnings of $225 million to $275 million for the segment, a decline of $75 million from our previous expectations. Keep in mind, as previously discussed, this range contemplates higher employee performance-based compensation and increased investment spending to position the business for a strong future. Lastly from a segment perspective, healthcare services is performing above expectations and we increased our adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full year by approximately $40 million at the midpoint to $1.05 billion to $1.075 billion.  Our home business, including Kindred at Home, is performing well and we continue to see operational improvement in our Conviva care delivery assets as well as better than expected results in our new partners in primary care clinics. Pharmacy is also performing well fueled by higher than expected individual Medicare Advantage membership.  Turning to operating cash flow and capital deployment, we now expect full year cash flow from operations of $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion, an increase of $500 million at the midpoint from our previous guidance. This increase is primarily driven by the operating outperformance and the positive working capital impact from higher than expected individual Medicare Advantage membership. Years where we experience significant increases in membership generally result in higher operating cash flows as premiums are collected in advance of claims.  With regard to parent cash, the subsidiaries paid dividends to the parent of approximately $1.2 billion in the second quarter of 2019. We continue to expect subsidiary dividends to the parent for the full year to be approximately $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion with the remaining balance expected in the fourth quarter of this year. As a reminder, the parent company also immediately receives cash from the non-regulated earnings of our healthcare services segment and our Tricare business.  From a capital deployment perspective, as announced this morning in our press release, we intend to enter into a $1 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement after the market close today. After the completion of the ASR, we will still have ample capacity to execute on our strategic priorities given our parent cash position and current low financial leverage. These M&A priorities include assets that can enhance our integrated care delivery model as well as tactical health plan acquisitions.  Lastly, as we look to 2020, while the headwinds we face are significant particularly with the return of the health insurance fee, we have worked diligently to position the company for a successful year on both the top and bottom line. Specifically, we are investing meaningful effort during 2019 to find ways to drive down 2020 administrative costs through end-to-end process redesign, leveraging automation, and streamlining certain corporate and market functions, all while enhancing longer term sustainability. Additionally as mentioned above, our strong performance this year is enabling us to accelerate important investments from 2020 into 2019, and we have also been able to incorporate the 2019 outperformance into our 2020 MA bid design. Finally, the exceptionally strong membership growth in 2019 provides tailwinds into 2020 as members are documented appropriately and enter our clinical programs.  Collectively, we believe these factors will position us effectively in the marketplace next year. We are also reiterating our expectation of reasonable EPS growth off the initial $17.25 guidance midpoint but below our long term target of 11 to 15%. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller. 
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi, good morning. Building on the comment around the 2020 positioning, obviously last year you mentioned that you expect 2020 growth to be below the long term range of 11 to 15. Given that now youve submitted the bids and all the improvement that weve seen this quarter, any updates to that? 
Brian Cane: Well, I would just reiterate what I just mentioned in my remarks, that obviously weve worked very, very hard to mitigate the impact. The impact is significant, but we do have a number of tailwinds that weve incorporated into our bids, but nonetheless its still a material headwind that we have to deal with. Again, we believe well have a competitive product out there for 2020, and again, just reiterating our EPS guidance, high level guidance from last quarter. So I would say that certainly the second quarter outperformance helps us from a bid design perspective, but we still face meaningful headwinds for 2020.
Ricky Goldwasser: Then one follow-up, if I may. You talked about your technology strategy, and I think one of the debates in the marketplace is that seniors tend to utilize less digital into their medical benefits, or how they manage their medical. Based on the pilots that youve done, what are you seeing in the marketplace, and do you think that this is an opportunity that the market is underestimating?
Bruce Broussard: I would say we continue to see growth in the use of seniors and technology, and we continue with the agents that that will be the case. But more importantly, what we see as being the enabler of technology and where it really comes into play is streamlining within the healthcare system to allow the ability to have more information, to then allow us to have deeper analytics that then allows us to have more proactive interventions. I would say that the investments are around a consumer orientation for self service kind of activities, but its much more around enabling providers to be much more proactive in being able to treat and prevent conditions from progressing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, great. Thanks. Im just trying to understand the commentary here because trying to put the 2020 outlook, it really hasnt changed, I guess from the wording at least that youre using as far as reasonable growth off of 2019, but it does feel like the membership growth has gotten better in 2019, which should help 2020. It sounds like youre making a lot of investments. Is there a reason why youre still using the same language, or is there any directional color you might provide within what a reasonable range might be as we think about 2020?
Brian Cane: Good morning, Kevin. We are not prepared to do that. Well give more specificity on our third quarter call, as we typically do, and detailed guidance on our fourth quarter call. As I said to the prior question, the second quarter outperformance has helped our bid design, and its important to invest those dollars for customers and to ensure that we have a competitive produce, and weve worked very hard to do that. You cant underestimate the impact of the health insurance fee on our customers, and weve done everything we can to try to mitigate that.
Bruce Broussard: Kevin, I would just add to Brians comments, I think out of all the industry players and we as a result of having high PMPM revenue, the industry fee disproportionately affects us more versus others in the industry, so our headwind starting out of the gate was greater. We have worked with this balance of ensuring that we continue to deliver appropriate margin improvement to our shareholders and at the same time continuing to have a competitive product in the marketplace, and at the same time have availability to invest in where we see the industry going with technology and clinical programs. Its that balance that the management team has faced, and we see the overachievements in 2019 helping achieve that balance. If you were to sit in our day-to-day meetings, you would see that we are very focused on continuing to improve the productivity of the organization, both in the capital deployment area, which was evident by our ASR today, and the ability for us to reinvest our organic growth into returning to the shareholders, but then secondarily also in continuing to invest in the productivity aspects of our business. Its a high order to try to achieve all these headwinds, but we are working hard on behalf of our shareholders and customers to overcome it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo. Your line is open, please ask your question.
Peter Costa: My question is on Part D. Given all the changes that have been talked about in Washington on Part D, in particular the Senate Finance Committee bill restricting the Part D program, youve talked about revitalizing your Part D program, and then yesterday, you just saw the bids that came out, national average bid. Whats your expectation for growth in Part D for next year and then for the years beyond that?
Brian Cane: Well there is, as you mentioned, a number of proposals out there on Part D that were obviously sorting through. As Bruce mentioned in his remarks, we are committed to growing the PDP product over time. Its an important part of our portfolio, our customers like the product. Its important for our pharmacy business, and so youll see some meaningful product repositioning in 2020, which well talk more about when everythings finalized on the next quarter call, but we have to see where things shake out versus our competitors. As we mentioned, over time we are committed to growing this business again.
Peter Costa: So by repositioning, do you mean youre going to re-trench back next year a little bit?
Brian Cane: No, not necessarily. Again, I think we have to see where our competitors ultimately shake out with their benefit design. I would say that we have made some meaningful changes in our plans and well see how those resonate, but its important to understand where the marketplace is before we can comment. 
Bruce Broussard: I think right now, just to add to Brians comments, Peter, we are working hard to reposition, as he said, to a product that we feel would be competitive in the marketplace. Due to some constraints in structure within PDP and other things, its not an easy task to navigate through, but I think when plans are published publicly, youll see that we are thoughtful about how we approach that. The second thing, similar to what were doing in the MA space, we are also focused on how do we continue to make it easier for the brokers and in addition for the customers and oriented to segmentation within that area, so its really a two-part approach. We are hesitant to give any kind of estimates because we dont know the comparator to how we would fit in the marketplace, so its not about being timid about next year, its just really we are committed to the product, we are committed to making change to make it competitive, but its just how do we look to others in the marketplace.
Peter Costa: Okay, thanks. Great quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. You may go ahead and ask your question.
Josh Raskin: Thanks. First, just a clarification. I want to make sure, Brian, I heard that you were talking about not coming in with your long term growth rate in 2020. Was that off the 1725 base that you referenced last quarter, or is that off of the higher base this year? Then my real question is just around the accelerated share repurchase that youve announced for this evening. Is that just a simple confidence in the core, feeling a little bit better about 2020, or should we read into that around short term M&A and maybe lack of opportunity there?
Brian Cane: Good morning Josh. I was referring to off the 1725 on the first part of your question as the baseline, and again thats really a function of the fact that weve taken this outperformance, as I mentioned in my remarks, and invested that into the bid. As we think about the adjusted baseline, we think about our initial guidance, and thats why its off the 1725. As it relates to the ASR, we do feel that our stock is a very good investment, first and foremost. Secondly, we have ample capacity, and doing a billion dollar ASR today really doesnt meaningfully impact that capacity to execute our strategy. As I mentioned we are looking at a number of what Id describe as tactical M&A opportunities and we have ample capacity for that, so I wouldnt read anything into it.  We recently received our dividends up to the parent company and weve deleveraged pretty meaningfully from the last ASR that we did, so we felt it appropriate and a good investment to buy back stock.
Bruce Broussard: Josh, just to add to that a little bit, one of the unique aspects of Humana has been the strength of our organic growth and the ability for us to generate cash without having to buy earnings, and that has allowed us, I think, to be more opportunistic in returning cash to shareholders and specifically more in stock buybacks. As youve seen in the past, we do deals, but the deals have been more oriented to adding capabilities as opposed to just expansion of our existing customer base, because we feel that our value proposition in our existing customer base is strong and enhancing that value proposition through adding capabilities has been the strategy longer term. 
Josh Raskin: Makes sense, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Matt Borsch: Yes, hi. Congratulations on the great results. I have a question about what youre seeing in terms of the overall growth in the MA program. Obviously we can track that, but Im curious in your perspective, do you think that theres a pick-up in the MA penetration with agents? I know before, youve talked about you see it more in the, if Ive got this right, 67, 68-year-old population where the MA product is more typically taken up. Im wondering if youre seeing that changing at all.
Brian Cane: Yes, theres no doubt that over the last several years, there has been a pick-up really across age ranges in MA penetration, Matt. Youre right in that as people get to 67, 68, 69, that penetration tends to increase. I think what happens when people age in, theyre deciding what makes sense, not quite ready to make a commitment. For those who want a Medicare supplement plan, theyre able to get it without getting underwritten, which has some benefits, and then they take their time and figure out what the right plan is. Were very bullish on the long term prospects of the MA market. If you exclude the Minnesota cost plans this year, which distorted the growth rates, youre going to see individual MA growth well north of 8%, we think, and thats obviously quite a robust number. We dont see any reason for that to stop.  Now again, the HIF does provide headwinds for next year and so I think that could on the margin impact the growth rate, although we havent seen that necessarily materially swing the appeal of the product just because of what were able to do and all the things that Bruce articulated in his remarks. It is a richer product, there are more benefits. Importantly, there also are care coordination benefits that members dont get in traditional Medicare, even with the Medicare supplement policy. Theyre left to navigate the healthcare system on their own, so thats where we think Medicare Advantage has great promise and people are really voting with their feet.
Matt Borsch: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Justin Lake: Thanks. My question is on the updated guidance for 19. Your MLR guidance in the retail segment appears to be pretty conservatively biased relative to the first half performance and the typically seasonality weve seen in the last couple years. Should we read that to assume that youre not guiding to the better utilization youve seen continuing in the back half, and if so, should we assume that your bids only reflect the first half outperformance rather than assuming it continues for the full year?
Brian Cane: Morning Justin. I would characterize the back half more a function of seasonality and things of that sort. I wouldnt read too much into it. Our bids do make an assumption about our full year estimate, so we do make a full year estimate. We dont assume that utilization is going to get better from where it is today, but I think its fair to say that you assume its going to trail forward largely as how youre seeing. Well see where the back half shakes out. We feel good about the guidance that weve given for the back half, but I think some of the differential there is some seasonality factors going on in the back half of this year. 
Justin Lake: Brian, is there something different about the seasonality? You know, what Im looking at, and I could be wrong in my math, but it looks like your retail guide for MLR is basically flat in the second half versus first half. In the last two years, its been down 300 basis points first half to second half, and obviously we know about Part D seasonality. Is there something new?
Brian Cane: I wouldnt say theres something new, other than for typically the third quarter, the workday pattern is different and its just a higher utilization quarter than weve seen in recent years. I think thats probably the main difference. Small changes in workday seasonality can have a pretty material impact on your MERs, so again I wouldnt read too much into that. Like I said, we feel good about the guidance we have out there and well see where it ends up.
Justin Lake: All right, thanks for the call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Charles Rhyee: Thanks for taking the question. I had a question about the Epic partnership that youre talking about here. Does this also include basically youre going to be implementing Epic across all your clinics, and if thats the case, can you talk about what capex expectations you have as you roll that out over, lets say this year and next year, and also does this include maybe now looking to partner with other EHR vendors to coordinate care with members that might not be going to a place like that uses Epic? Thanks. 
Bruce Broussard: Yes, it doesnt contemplate rolling out Epic to our clinics. It is really more of an interoperability opportunity versus anything else, and its not very material an investment for us as an organization. It really highlights the power once the interoperability is operating of being able to have both easier workflow within the Epic system on behalf of certain administrative matters from us as an organization, but secondarily also the ease of opportunity for us to be able to utilize that information to provide back to the providers on more proactive care management and coordination of care. So its a great opportunity, we are excited at the relationship with Epic. I know theyre excited with the relationship with us and being able to take this and be the payor thats really helping lead them create a payor channel to facilitate a much better and simpler experience, both for the member and for the providers that are using their system.
Charles Rhyee: Great, thanks. Im sorry if I missed this, but did you touch on the group segment here? I know its relatively small, but the MLR was a little bit higher than expected. Is there something here as you think about balancing pricing versus growth and cost? Maybe if you could touch on that a little bit more? Thanks.
Brian Cane: Sure. I talked a little bit about it in my remarks. I wouldnt say its really necessarily a pricing dynamic, its really a mix dynamic as our book continues to evolve away from the community rated small group space, which has some choppiness in it and just has different dynamics in terms of medical expense ratios, etc. We continue to invest in this business more broadly. We believe there are a number of opportunities for us to play a role in this space and offer a compelling product, so part of the guidance also reflects investing both in the traditional group commercial space but also in the specialty space, meaning largely dental, which runs very good margins and its a business that we want to grow particularly as we sell and cross-sell more of it, both to our individual members on the Medicare side as well as our group commercial members. We continue to invest in that segment and were bullish about its prospects. 
Charles Rhyee: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Sarah James: Thank you. You spoke about 2019 investment spend being some pull forward and some incremental spend, specifically Im talking about the increased amount in the second half. Can you offer more color on what the step-down could be in spend in 2020 by sizing the 2019 non-recurring investment spend that was more strategic, and also the pull forward from 2020 into 2019? 
Brian Cane: Morning Sarah. I think thats a very fair question, but were really not prepared to give that level of granular detail. I would just say that, as Ive said multiple times, we have worked hard to set up 2020 to be a good year, both on the top line as well as the bottom line, and in order to do that we recognize that we still need to invest and make the business sustainable, so to the extent we can bring investments forward and accelerate them into 2019, were going to do that. Were also, I would say, making incremental investments in 2019 that we dont necessarily have to make in 2020 so we can accelerate all the things that Bruce articulated in his remarks, because its important that we think beyond just 2019 and 2020 and over the next number of years, and thats really what were investing for. So Im really not prepared to give you specifics - its not immaterial, obviously, but again you should take the message that were really trying to balance our short term, some of the pressures that we face with long term sustainability.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Dave Styblo: Hi there, good morning. Its Dave Styblo in for Dave Windley. A question about just recognizing that you dont have the individual MA competitive landscape for 2020 yet, do you think you can grow well above the industry average again next year given the accelerated investments youre making in the second half, as well as incorporating some of this years upside into the bids?
Brian Cane: It is too early to comment on our relative positioning. We just dont know the answer to that. I would just say that we have worked hard, as I said, to create a competitive product, and obviously we need to see what others do with their benefit design. We are more impacted, as Bruce said, from the HIF that weve talked about, so we do have those incremental headwinds that we have to face, but again for all the things weve said in the last hour here, were very focused on trying to mitigate that. I would also say that we continue to invest in the broker channel. Theyve been great partners for us, really across the board. We wouldnt be in the position were in were it not for the external broker channel frankly, as well as all the great work that our internal market point team does as well, so we are very focused on cultivating those relationships and giving them the dollars they need to support our product. Thats another element of our strategy.  But well see where it goes. Well know more in the next few months where the benefits are, and obviously well have more to say on the third quarter call.
Dave Styblo: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Newshel from Evercore. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Michael Newshel: I just wanted to clarify on the impact of mix shift in the group business. The higher benefits expense ratio there, thats just the risk pool getting worse because employers are switching to self insured are relatively healthier? I know thats not a new trend, but is it just the magnitude there of risk deterioration has been worse than what you priced for?
Brian Cane: Again, I dont know if I would call it necessarily risk deterioration. Its more just the mix of our membership as they move from one segment to the other and whats left is a worse risk pool, so from that perspective, yes. Frankly, a lot of the back-up on the MER that isnt stop-loss related--remember, our stop-loss product is priced at a much higher MER than traditional commercial insurance, so as that mix shifts, remember the ASO is parallel to stop-loss, as that mix shifts youre going to get higher MER. Were also impacted this year by some negative PPD - prior period development, from last year that has impacted the medical expense ratio this year, and so year-over-year its not an immaterial change for the segment. Remember that this segment for us is very, very small and so small changes and arguable immaterial changes for the company nonetheless have outsized effects on some of the ratios that you see. I think thats important to take into account as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Steve Tanal: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Ill make this sort of a two-parter on 2020. The first high level question is when you guys talk about headwinds, it seems to be plural, but the only one that I think Im very comfortable with is the return of the HIF, so wondering if you could maybe walk through headwinds and tailwinds at this stage, what else we should be thinking about especially on the headwind side. Then beyond that but also on 2020, back in June you previewed expense reduction initiatives at our conference, and I just wanted to clarify if thats one and the same as the productivity initiatives you discussed this morning, and wondering whether you might be willing to comment on the expected or targeted impact on next year, and if not, sort of in numbers terms maybe provide some qualitative color on materiality in the context of year-on-year EPS growth. 
Brian Cane: Sure. With regard to the headwinds, we probably made it plural because the HIF is so big. It is very material. I would also say, though, that while the rate notice was good and actually positive relative to not last year but years before that, we still have trend we have to overcome, unmanaged trend that is in excess of that, so those are just the natural headwinds we typically face. But theres no doubt that the health insurance fee is far and away the biggest headwind, and its a big one. As you know, its non-deductible as well, so its a big number. Thats really the primary one. With respect to expenses versus productivity, yes that is the same set of activities that were undertaking to reduce our admin spend for 2020 while also, I think, setting us up for a stronger company going forward because of the way we are streamlining processes and rationalizing our business. I would say its material. I would say its definitely meaningful for next year the amount of cost that were taking out. As you said, we started talking about this many, many months ago. We started this last year knowing that the HIF could very well come back, and so unlike the 2017 experience where arguably we had lower hanging fruit to go after, we had to really go deeper here to figure out what areas could we be more productive. I would say the teams across the board have done a tremendous job of identifying, and now were in the process of executing the initiatives that were talking about here. But they are material, and well talk more about it in the coming quarters.
Steve Tanal: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning, Bruce and Brian. Theres clearly been a lot of questions on the outlook so far, but back on the 2Q results, specifically the MLR coming in well below consensus estimates was obviously a bright spot in the quarter, especially with really minimal benefit from prior period development. Im just curious if theres any additional color you can provide on what seems to be an enhanced ability to control medical costs. Obviously other managed care companies and maybe other books of business have had some more mixed results this year. Is the biggest factor just tied to better engagement of members into your clinical programs, or what else would you call out as really the most critical factors? Thanks.
Brian Cane: Sure, its a fair question. Id say its a combination of things. Bruce went through a number of things in his remarks, and this integrated care model that weve created and all the various touch points that weve discussed do move the needle. They definitely do move the needle and, I think, give us a good handle of what the costs are and what members are in need of our clinical intervention . I think that is a part of it. I think we also have a very good handle from our tight financial and operating linkages that weve created. I think finance and operations are very tightly aligned and that allows us to see trends early. Really when we see potential issues in trend or were seeing a market or a particular product or whatever it may be thats running a little bit hotter than we expected, we can immediately identify and go after it, so weve been very focused and proactive about that.  But look - its not an easy business to manage. All of our costs are estimated, and so its important to identify these early warning systems that can allow us to identify the issues and then create the clinical programs and the customer engagement platform, and frankly the analytics to be able to identify who needs the intervention. We continue to invest in that. Were nowhere near where we need to be. This is going to be more and more important over the coming years as the tools we invest in continue to develop, and youll see us continue to talk about that. Also, having new distribution channels that weve created, whether its Kindred or a PIPC or other areas where we can engage our members in different ways, thats why we continue to invest those channels and in the technology that supports it so we can continue to manage our medical costs. 
Steven Valiquette: Okay, appreciate the extra color. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Just kind of a two-part question. One, when we think about the MLR upside versus your original guidance in the first part of the year, are you able to ascertain if more of that is coming from this large bolus of new memberships versus where that might typically be when you enroll a new member, or is most of it coming from your retained members, and if so, how does that inform your thinking about 2020 bids and margins?
Brian Cane: I would say our new members are running in line, maybe slightly better than expectations. Id say a lot of the upside is in the existing block, both the cost side and the revenue side, so were seeing both of that. The good news is that the membership is running--the new membership, because obviously one of the things were always focused on when you could grow 480,000 to 500,000 members, what are the members that youve got? Weve been pleasantly, I guess happy to see that the utilization that weve seen from those members are running in line or a bit better than expectations, so I would say its a lot of the existing block thats really driving the outperformance on the cost side.
Gary Taylor: Thank you. Could we have just a little more color on the upside in the healthcare services EBITDA of 20 some-odd percent year-over-year? Are you seeing an acceleration of visits or something on the PBM side in terms of margins? Just a little more color on that, please.
Brian Cane: Sure. This is a business that weve worked really hard in two regards. One is to drive trend benders for our retail and group segments, and I think they do a really great job of doing that. The other is to drive standalone EBITDA in the business, notwithstanding the fact that were seeing lower utilization than forecast, and sometimes there are trade-offs there.  I would say that the outperformance is pretty balanced across the board. Our pharmacy business is our largest driver of the segment, and its running particularly, I would say, on certain areas running better, some areas running in line. But again, small changes there can have a meaningful impact just on the EBITDA. Where were seeing, Id say, greater percentage outperformance is on the Kindred side and on the Conviva side, where weve spent a lot of time working to turn around that Conviva business and the numbers are better than what we had in our forecast, and the Kindred team is really executing on the business plan. I also mentioned that our care delivery organization outside Conviva, sort of our new clinics, are running less of a loss, I would say, than we expected, so thats been positive too.  I would really say its balanced contribution across the EBITDA race, which were happy to see.
Gary Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of AJ Rice of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
AJ Rice: Hi everybody. Maybe just following up first on that pharmacy question, your MA growth has more than offset, you pointed out in the release, the PDP decline. I guess Im just curious, I dont think Ive ever asked you this, is an MA life in the pharmacy side equivalent to a PDP in terms of overall script utilization or utilization of mail order or anything else? Are they sort of equivalent or is an MA life better or worse than a PDP life?
Brian Cane: Its a fair question. It really depends on where that MA life is coming from - is it HMO, is it PPO, what geography is it in, because certain geographies use mail order less than others, just given some of our risk partners and the like. I would say unfortunately to your question, it really depends. Thats probably not a satisfactory answer. It also frankly depends on where the PDP growth comes from, so some of our plans have much lower mail order penetration that other PDP plans. I would say it depends, but obviously the extra MA growth relative to our expectations is helping our pharmacy business.
AJ Rice: Okay, and then I know it makes sense that you wouldnt want to comment on the individual MA yet, not knowing where other bids are, but Im assuming the group MA season is well along Can you just comment on what youre seeing there, what youre thinking heading into 2020 in that business line?
Brian Cane: Yes, weve commented on this before. I would say we feel good about our group MA growth prospects. There arent a host of accounts out there, but there are some, a few guys that were chasing, and we feel good about some of the close ratios that weve seen. I feel good about where our group MA growth is going to come in next year.
AJ Rice: Okay. You think you will see growth? 
Brian Cane: Yes, we definitely expect group MA growth next year, and I would say I feel good about that group MA growth. Im not prepared to give you a number, but we feel good about what were seeing in the space and the accounts that weve already won. We feel good about that.
AJ Rice: All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: There are no questions at this time. Mr. Bruce Broussard, you may continue.
Bruce Broussard: Well, like every quarter, we really thank everyones support and having confidence in the company and continuing to be a supporter, but these results that we reported today cannot be obtained without the strong support by our associates, the 50,000 people that come to work every day, so thanking them for their dedication to improving the health of individuals and making it much easier for them to engage in their health.  Everyone have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you again for joining us today. This concludes todays conference call, and you may now disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mary, and I'll be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana's First Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to avoid any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer will discuss our first quarter 2019 results and our updated financial outlook for 2019. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties . Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our first quarter 2019 earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, Amy. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.48 for the first quarter of 2019 and raised our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to $17.25 to $17.50 primarily reflecting improved results in our retail segment. We continue to expect strong industry leading individual Medicare Advantage membership growth, and today are raising our full year 2019 guidance to a range of 415,000 to 440,000 members, primarily reflecting improved rest of the year growth projections, as a result of solid performance in the open enrollment period that ended in March. We take pride in the fact that we are leaders in Medicare Advantage. The fastest growing sector of healthcare as a result of the significant value that Medicare Advantage plans provide to over 22 million seniors across the nation. Seniors who participate in Medicare Advantage receive a higher level of benefits relative to fee-for-service with a cap on the total amount of expenses the member will incur in a given year. At the same time the Medicare Advantage program drives quality, improved health outcomes, lowering the cost to the healthcare system by effectively managing the member's care, saving the system millions while helping seniors achieve their best health. For example, Humana MA members and value-based care settings are going to the ER 7% less and hospital admissions are 5% lower than traditional fee-for-service Medicare. Our members are also getting 11% more colorectal cancer screenings and 10% more breast cancer screenings. As you know, under Medicare Advantage, members are able to participate in a variety of programs and services including in-home care coordination services. Proactive care management programs such as remote monitoring, medication adherence and various supplemental benefits including dental and vision coverage. As a result of the payment model in MA, private organizations are motivated to treat seniors with more complex conditions and to go beyond traditional healthcare needs to address the whole health of an individual including social determinants of health, financial support and transportation. Today approximately two-thirds of our individual Medicare Advantage members have access to physicians incentivized to spend more time with each patient. Take Betti as an example, Betti is a 78-year-old who lives with her disabled son and as primary caregiver. She likes to be independent and self-sufficient and wants to spend time with their grandchildren and great grandchildren, but is living with multiple chronic conditions including congestive heart failure, diabetes and COPD. A stroke has left her with shoulder and sciatic pain. In addition, she struggles with depression and anxiety. We enrolled Betti in our Humana At Home Telephonic Chronic Care Management program and assigned a care manager to her. To tackle Betti's fear of doctors develop an action plan for COPD. Educate Betti regarding monitoring her blood sugar, blood pressure, and weight and in the importance of regular primary care and specialist follow-ups. Finding transportation and eyeglass resources, applied for financial grants for medication. Signed Betti up for an in-home well being assessment and enroll her in Humana's mail-order pharmacy. As a result of these actions, Betti experienced reduced financial strain significantly lowered her A1C, lost 15 pounds was able to get her blood pressure in the normal range and stop smoking after 60 years. She was so happy with her improved health outcomes and service. She then recommended Humana to her sister and now she is a member. This is a example of one of many that demonstrates the effectiveness of our integrated care delivery model. The results experienced by Betti and millions of seniors are why Humana and Medicare Advantage continue to grow. As we look ahead to 2020, we are pleased that CMS enabled plans to offer greater flexibility and benefits, so that we may continue to focus on the areas to improve the health of seniors and people with disabilities we serve. The final rate notice for 2020 reflects an increase of approximately 2.5% for the industry. We expect the impact on Humana to be slightly lower given small differences in various components. In addition, for 2020, CMS has added Telemedicine as a covered benefit and we continue to work with them on broadening the scope of these services. Expanded the benefits that plans may offer to address social determinants of health, improved interoperability with blue button for MA, putting more data at members finger tips and in their control and added a demonstration program that narrows our risk via the corridors in Part D, a point-of-sale rebate regulations become effective after bids have been submitted. With the increased likelihood of this policy change, we believe the implementation of drug rebates, at the point of sale in January 2020 creates certainty for both the industry and the members. In result, we stand ready to implement. In the interim, we recognized that we may still be exposed to manufacture actions in 2019. In addition while we appreciate the changes from CMS. We would caution that all of the recent changes add more complexity to the bid process. Particularly, as it relates to how the various components of the Part D bids interrelate including premiums, formulary design and risk corridors. As we navigate this transition, we believe that PBMs will continue to play an important role as an advocate for lower prices for members at the counter to both retailer and manufacturer negotiations. Perhaps more importantly robust clinical programs related to medication therapy management, drug adherence, and specialty drugs are essential to the PBMs ability to impact health outcomes. In this respect, our clinical and pharmacy capabilities position us well to lower healthcare costs and improve member health. Despite these updates from CMS. The rate notice alone is not enough to overcome the formidable headwind from the return of the health insurance industry fee in 2020. Estimated at $1.2 billion for us and is not tax deductible. While we will continue to work on designing new programs to improve health outcomes and lower cost as well as productivity initiatives, we do expect seniors nationwide to experience a decline in benefits and/or increase in premiums in 2020 as a result of the return of the HIF. Now I'll offer a few words on Medicare for all. Humana does not support any bill that would eliminate Medicare Advantage or make private insurance illegal and here's why. Insurance and Medicare Advantage created an incentive to have a holistic view of a member, which is critical to the long-term success of the program and the ability to offer greater benefits and more security for individuals. MA is a program where the payment model motivates plans to engage with individuals with complex chronic conditions while driving quality improvement clinical outcomes resulting in lower cost and higher customer satisfaction. The success of this program is evidenced by the continued increase in MA penetration, the percent of Medicare eligibles enrolled in Medicare Advantage has grown from 22% to 34% in the last decade nearly doubling membership. Looking ahead, the increasing number of Medicare beneficiaries participating in programs like Medicare Advantage coupled with the rapid advancement in technology only served to reinforce the strength of our integrated care platform. Our investments in this platform are consumer-centric operating model and deeply integrated technology and analytics to enable personalized care and high-value services such as primary care, home, pharmacy, behavioral health, and social determinants of health will significantly improve health outcomes. The end goal of our strategy is to slow the rising cost of healthcare and enable expansion of coverage, while positioning the organization for growth and sustainability to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Over the past 30 years, our company's commitment to improving the health of those we serve has meant working in private and public partnerships that transcend party lines, and we look forward to continuing that work. With that I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.48 for the first quarter. This exceeds our previous expectations primarily due to favorable utilization in our Medicare Advantage business. Consequently, we raised our full-year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to $17.25 to $17.50 from our previous guidance of $17 to $17.50. We expect second quarter adjusted EPS to be in the low 30s relative to the full-year number on a percentage basis. I also would like to echo Bruce's remarks that we are excited about our ability to guide to full-year expected adjusted EPS growth of 19% to 20% well in excess of our long-term growth target of 11% to 15%, while also delivering industry-leading individual Medicare Advantage membership growth. This reflects continued solid execution around our strategy of improving health outcomes and delivering significant value for our customers. I will now turn to our segment results. In our retail segment, all lines of business are performing well. And as I've already mentioned, we are experiencing lower utilization relative to our initial expectations, particularly in our Medicare Advantage business. In addition, we performed well during the open enrollment period or OEP for individual Medicare Advantage and are reaching our membership guidance range to an increase of 415,000 to 440,000 from our previous range of 375,000 to 400,000. As a result of our first quarter outperformance, we've increased our retail segment revenue guidance by $200 million to a range of $55.1 billion to $55.7 billion and lowered our benefit ratio guidance for the segments by 20 basis points to a range of 86.4% to 87.4%. We also raised our retail pre-tax guidance by $50 million at the midpoint. Turning to our Group and Specialty segment. Our level funded ASO product for small groups continues to gain traction in the marketplace as healthier groups migrate out of the community rated segment. As a result of greater than expected ASO growth, we now expect net medical membership losses of 60,000 to 80,000, an improvement from our previous guidance of 80,000 to 100,000. This migration has resulted in a modest deterioration of our community rated block, which is reflected in a small amount of negative prior period development this quarter. How this ultimately manifest in the 2018 risk adjustment settlement this June will be an important marker to understand how our book is developing relative to the broader market. As a result, we increased our segment benefit ratio guidance by approximately 30 basis points to a range of 81.3% to 81.8%. We continue to expect full year 2019 pre-tax earnings of approximately $300 million to $350 million for the Group and Specialty segment with core trend of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points. Lastly from a segment perspective. Healthcare services is performing in line with expectations and our adjusted EBITDA guidance remains unchanged for the full-year at $1 billion to $1.05 billion. Our Home business including both Kindred at Home and Humana at Home is outperforming our initial expectations, primarily reflecting higher than anticipated volume and increased deal synergies relative to expectations. Similarly, results for our care delivery organization and Conviva are coming in slightly better than we previously anticipated driven by positive prior period development. Our Pharmacy business, however, is slightly behind relative to our initial expectations primarily due to overall lower network volume in the PBM as a result of better-than-expected utilization, which is a positive for the health plan and Humana overall. Accordingly, we are lowering our full-year largely inter-segment revenue guidance to approximately $25.1 billion to $25.6 billion versus previous guidance of $25.95 billion to $26.25 billion. Briefly touching on operating costs, we increased our full-year operating cost ratio guidance by 10 basis points to a range of 10.7% to 11.5%. This primarily reflects accelerated investments in our integrated care delivery model to position us for 2020 and beyond contemplating the return of health insurance fee in 2020, which I'll discuss in a moment. From a capital deployment perspective, in the first quarter, we completed our $750 million accelerated share repurchase program that began in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our full year guidance does not contemplate any additional share repurchase. With regard to sources of parent cash, we expect subsidiary dividends to the parent in 2019 to be approximately $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion with payment expected both in the second and fourth quarters of this year. Though disproportionately weighted to the second quarter similarly to 2018 subsidiary dividends that were paid to the parent. Additionally, the parent company receives the cash from the non-regulated earnings of our healthcare service segment immediately. We will continue to evaluate strategic opportunities to deploy our capital. Lastly, as we look to 2020, I would again echo Bruce's remarks in reference to the return of the health insurance fee, which as we have previously stated is approximately $1.2 billion with a $2.15 EPS impact from the non-deductibility of the fee for tax purposes. While we continue to develop and execute trend vendors and meaningful productivity initiatives, these actions together with the final rate notice of just over 2% are not sufficient to overcome the health and medical cost trend without impacting member benefits and earnings growth. In light of this and keeping in mind that 2020 bids have not yet been submitted, while we do expect to grow earnings per share reasonably in 2020 off of our original $17.25 baseline midpoint, it will be below our long-term target of 11% to 15%. I would remind you, however, that we have delivered adjusted EPS growth in excess of our long-term growth rate for each of the last four years. This includes, as I've already mentioned, our expectation of adjusted EPS growth rate of 19% to 20% for 2019 together with individual MA membership growth of approximately 14%. With that, we will open the lines of your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matt Borsch: Yes, thank you. Could you maybe step back and just give us your sense of where we are with Group Medicare Advantage. I know it's early in the year and I'm not expecting you to give a guidance point for 2020, but how is that market developing now, how much is it impacted by the HIF and do you see adoption accelerating there?
Brian Kane: Good morning, Matt, it's Brian. Our Group MA business continues to perform quite well. We are seeing similar trends in our Group MA business that we see in our Individual MA business. I would say the pipeline for 2020 looks good. There were fewer large jumbo accounts out there, but there are some sizable accounts that we're pursuing as well as our standard growth of small and mid-size accounts. So, from that perspective, I think, we feel very good. The HIF and frankly rebates at point-of-sale due impact Group MA disproportionately relative to say Individual MA or PDP because the risk corridor proposal that there are ability that CMS has given us in terms of risk corridor protection does not apply to Group MA, and so we will see that goes into effect like we significant premium increases on the Group MA side. That being said, I think, people generally view the Group MA product as compelling. We see growth continuing there and we continue to play there pretty aggressively.
Matt Borsch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Maybe sticking with MA, you know, given sort of the benefit of investment this year and, obviously, the continued upwardly revised MA growth this year. Now that we also have the final rates. How should we think about the improvements as we think about 2020 MA margins and maybe sort of in line with sort of getting overall target margins here. And then secondly maybe touch on the announcement you made the other day with a little bit more details around the partnership with Doctor On Demand. How do you see that fitting in? Is that sort of should we just think of it really as a another physician practice into your network that happens to be virtual or how do you see it being posed differently? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Sure. On the margin question. We continue to make good progress towards our target margins. As we said coming into 2019, we expected a reasonable margin improvement of our 2018 baseline. Obviously, today as we raised our retail pre-tax number, those margins continue to improve. As we go into 2020, I would just say that in order to deliver EPS growth, as we said we would for 2020, you're going to have to increase your pre-tax profits, obviously, in excess of your after-tax just given the significant tax headwinds that we have. So, that will require continued improvement in the margin profile of the business from a pre-tax perspective. But, overall, I think the business is tracking well. We have a very important principle of balancing that margin improvement with top line membership growth. We believe, we struct that balance appropriately in 2019. We'll continue to do that, we believe in 2020. As it relates to Doctor On Demand that's really for our commercial business and we're excited about that partnership. I think we're in a position on the commercial side to disrupt the existing commercial infrastructure and commercial plans that are in place. And I think this is just one example of our ability to do that and give our members additional choices as they look to choose their various health plans. And I would add that this Doctor On Demand is just in Florida, in Texas at this point, but we're excited about the partnership, and we'll see how it goes.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ana Gupte from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.
Ana Gupte: Hey, thanks, good morning. My question is on the membership growth for Medicare that you raised your guidance based on first quarter. Can you talk about what percentage of your growth is coming from dual special needs plans and what the outlook is for the rest of the year? Then if you can just comment on your Medicaid strategy as it dovetails with the dual special needs in light of the Centene-WellCare announcement and the upcoming Texas contract awards?
Brian Kane: Sure. I'll take the DSNP question and then turn it to Bruce to talk about Medicaid. On the DSNP side as we pointed out in our release. We did see a nice increase in our DSNP annual enrollment period growth of call it 30,000 members versus only 1,400 last year, which obviously is a very significant increase. I would say, we are bullish about our ability to continue that growth in the rest of your period where that's an opportunity unlike the more traditional Medicare with a few exceptions, you can enroll members. So, we are excited about our ability to do that. We expect that growth to continue. But if you look at our overall MA growth of 415,000 to 440,000, a majority of that is in the traditional Medicare space. But again we are seeing nice traction in our DSNP product.
Bruce Broussard: And Ana this is Bruce. A few things related to our Medicaid strategy. First, we are continuing to orient to how do we expand our DSNP presence both in adding additional regions that we offer DSNP plan, and then secondarily, how does our benefits are more competitive and you saw the share of adding the over-the-counter and some other aspects to our DSNP that has allowed this growth to happen. Some at the Medicare Advantage side, we're very oriented to continue to expand our presence. The second area is in the Medicaid and the contractual area with states and as you all know in Florida, we had a wonderful growth. This year we grew 37% on a membership basis, as a result of our contract win last year, that contract is actually going quite well and our quality measurements and so on are aligned with what our expectations are and what the start expectations are. We are participating in RFPs Louisiana and Texas are the two RFPs that we're participating in from an organic point of view, and we're very bullish about those RFPs as we are engaged at both the community level and the state level in that particular population. You mentioned and asked about the WellCare, Centene transaction. We continue to be confident in our organic direction. We are always looking at the market and the M&A sign like no different than we have in the past and we continue to believe what our strategy is very, very exciting, and I think we'll be very competitive in the future.
Ana Gupte: Helpful color. Thanks, Brian and thank, Bruce.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. I wondered the 3.5% hospital inpatient rate proposal for 2020 came in a little bit higher than what we had expected and higher than recent history. And I think the spread of that rate and your 2.2% bump is a little bit wider than what we've seen. Can you just flush out and talk about the dynamics there and whether those payment rates directly tie or whether your payment rates directly tied to HIFs and how you offset that difference and/or whether we should think about that as a headwind for 2020? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning, Ralph. I won't comment a lot on that or going to say clearly is an input into our overall cost structure. There are many of our contracts are tied to Medicare and so there will be an impact there. That is something that we would have the price for it. But what we've seen on the inpatient side is really a significant reduction year-over-year and admissions for thousand and obviously we're working very hard to ensure that continues. And so year-over-year, it's becoming less of a driver of our results. So, obviously still critical and a big component, but we are working to mitigate any unit cost increases through continued utilization transfers out of the hospital into more of an outpatient setting.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. This wasn't really the question I was going to ask, but I might as well because I know it's going to come up. When we talk about 2020, Brian, you had set a reasonable growth rate below the 11% to 15% long-term guidance. I think the rationale for that's reasonable and understandable. So the street currently is at 10% to 12% above your latest 2019 guidance. So, can you help us triangulate a little more you -- is the reasonable rate below where the street is today, oftentimes you've commented, if you think the forward year is in a reasonable place or not. So just trying to get a little more precise on that?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, obviously, there's a wide range of estimates out on the street. We look at our growth relative to our $17.25 baseline because as we go towards the base for 2020. We typically price for what we call emerging experience, as we see emerging experience good or bad, we will put that into the pricing of our products. The good news is that we're seeing good emerging experience this year as I mentioned. And what we just said was we would grow reasonably off that $17.25 baseline. We're not prepared to give any more guidance than that because we're giving frankly more color than we typically give. I know there's been a lot of questions around it. So, we're trying to help investors and analysts with that, but beyond that, we don't really want to comment further, it's still very early.
Gary Taylor: Okay, understood. Yes, I have to ask. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Steve Tanal: Thanks guys. I appreciate all the color. Just one follow-up on that, I mean, is it fair to sort of think about 2018 is maybe analogous to '20 just with the HIF returning. In '18, if we think about sort of 24% adjusted EPS growth seem like tax reform net of investments was sort of 17% ish, and so maybe reasonable then to sort of think about a 7% sort of net underlying growth in the year when the HIF came back and the other sort of variables here would be obviously much worse MA rate update that year than in '20 and slower growth in the prior year '17 then you'll have this year. So, that the market rate maybe better in '20. Is that a fair enough thought process or is there anything else you'd say to the sort of sway that one way or another?
Bruce Broussard: Look, I think, that is one way to look at it. I do think '18 is analogous to '20 other than, obviously, you said that the tax reform. HIF, as we continue to grow because we're growing MA, so rapidly becomes a bigger portion and therefore is a bigger tax deductibility impact there, our non-deductibility, but broadly as you thought about is not unreasonable but again, I think, we're still working through exactly how we're going to price our products, achieving that balance between sort of top line and bottom line, and so again beyond what we've said, which is a reasonable growth rate of the $17.25 is all we're prepared to say today.
Steve Tanal: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First off, Brian, thank you for the 2020 commentary. I know that isn't typical and you must have -- really have to twist your arm to get you to say that. The question I had was on Part D with the HHS regs basically giving you some increased protection in terms of the corridor on margins. Everybody searching for Part D membership with synergies whether it's through a retail business or through a PBM. Do you think there is a potential that you'll see more kind of aggressive pricing for 2020 with the thought process that you can grab some membership for a couple of years or do you think people can stay in the course and there is not a significant increase of membership volatility via pricing?
Brian Kane: Look, I would say, that there are a lot of variables that, as Bruce indicated, in his opening remarks. There are a lot of variables in the pricing this year that are creating additional uncertainty versus prior years. And I think people can handle that in different ways. We're obviously thinking about our strategy and whether there are opportunities that we can pursue. It's really hard to say how people will price various things. We obviously are very supportive of CMS's notion of narrowing the risk corridors and giving more protection that provides really a support from a premium perspective and also allows plans to bid with more certainty. So, that's obviously helpful, but this is one of those years where there is a lot of gain theory that I think everyone's going through, and it's not entirely clear what will come out of it. But I will tell you that we have internally here, a lot of smart people working on this, and thinking about different scenarios and I would just say we'll have more things to talk about after bids are submitted.
Justin Lake: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Just wanted to follow-up on that point there. I guess it wasn't clear to me exactly what your comments meant when you kind of said that, it felt like point-of-sale rebates are going to be increasingly likely for 2020 and that you are prepared to move in that direction. Does that mean that if the rule comes out before the busy move in that direction. But if not you're going to big under current law or that you're looking to actually move the point-of-sale rebates kind of regardless of whether the reg comes down in time because it's just a matter of time before the industry moves in that direction?
Brian Kane: So, we're going to bid under current law because that's the instructions we've been given, but our expectation and we are supportive of rebates going point-of-sale for 2020 and we'll be ready for that. The CMS risk corridor program has provided the requisite protection, if rebates go point-of-sale for 2020. So, industry participants can feel more confident about bidding sort of under the old rules, but the new rules happen, you're protected. And I think that's why we're supportive of both the CMS program and as Bruce said we want to get rid of the uncertainty. Let's just go there and get it done. We're ready to implement for 2020. We think bringing that certainty to the industry at least from our perspective will be a positive, so that's what we were indicating.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then just maybe clarify the corridors to your point earlier applied to certain parts of the MA and Part D businesses, but not Group MA and certain other components think of the bid that aren't included what percent of kind of the pricing is kind of insulated by that reg versus what you have to do to maintain margins, if you think about your book in total?
Brian Kane: Well, that's a really complicated question, I mean, to dodge it, but it depends on the various components of your existing book that you have in terms of how all the hydraulics work, and again I would distinguish individual MA from PDP from Group MA all the dynamics are different there , and it really depends on your membership mix. The nature of the drug utilizing population that you have and then, as I said, in the Group MA side just quarters just don't apply. So, it really varies, and again we are doing all sorts of simulations and working through how various things may work out and we'll be prepared to bid and feel good about our bids when we submit in June.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Josh Raskin: Thanks. Good morning. Question about the PDP, but more about sort of building of that business. In the past, I think, you've talked about some of the weakness this year and maybe relative to competitors around. Sort of a difference in retail strategy and assumptions etcetera. I know you guys have talked about regional strategies and putting a couple of stores in Kansas City etcetera, but maybe just any progress I know we're only a month away now. So, bids are due, but are you thinking that you are sort of retail network of pharmacies going to look any different in 2020 and just updates there? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: We probably, I can't give you a lot of detail, as we are in the big process. I would tell you that we are looking at different strategies who reunite the Part D membership growth. As Brian articulated on a few questions. It is complicated because of the changes in the point-of-sale and the rebates and then all the hydraulics that comes from the risk corridor being inserted into that. I would just probably leave it at this as the year progresses we'll be able to give you more details, but I do we as an organization are committed to trying to find that strategy that will reignite the Part D growth.
Josh Raskin: All right. I won't put words in your mouth, but it sounds like stuff in the works and we'll find out when we can. Is that fair?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, you're not going to put words in my mouth.
Josh Raskin: Thanks, Bruce.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you.
Amy Smith: Next question?
Operator: Next question is from Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. It's Dave Styblo in for Dave Windley. Just wanted to come back to the MA growth and I'm sure there has been a nice benefit from the improved broker relationships you guys have obviously talked about the investments there. I'm just curious how you think you are positioned versus your peers seems like you may have leapfrogged them in some regards. But can you talk about what is different to the extent that you can and how you feel about sustaining that advantage in 2020 and beyond as that contributes to outsized MA growth?
Bruce Broussard: Well, I'll start and then Brian can add. I would say that, it is market-by-market dependent. We think in some markets we are leading, but in most markets, we're in the competing with everybody else in a reasonable comparison between our premiums and medicine. So I wouldn't say that we're just highly differentiated in the marketplace. I will tell you that one thing that we've seen this year is the retention is stronger. We've seen our broker sales be stronger in the markets where we have traditionally been strong market share wise and had really good relationships with providers that's also been a great add for us. So, I think, in general, it's a lot of different things, it's not just the benefits and premiums. We see going into 2020 as being carrying that forward our strength with our brokers and the strength with the providers. Can't really speak about the benefit design as we are in that process now. But we, as Brian has said on many occasions both in calls and in investor meetings that we will be balanced and how we approach our benefits both in looking at margin expansion and at the same time being competitive in the marketplace as we like at our competition.
Dave Windley: Got it. Thanks.
Amy Smith: Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. I guess I'll just continue on with the HIF discussion. Two aspects to it. One, you comment, you couldn't, you wouldn't be able to deliver the 11% to 15% if it comes back next year in terms of long-term growth. But I'm assuming there's nothing on an ongoing basis that would move you away from the 11% to 15%. It's just a one-year impact of that coming back and then you would assume that you can deliver that type of growth beyond that. And second, I guess, I'd just ask, is there comments today a reflection of anything you're picking up and watching in terms of a willingness to address the HIF. I mean I guess it's pretty obvious they're not going to get it done, anything done before the bids are due, and your commentary and others had been that if it got done, it would probably be something like the debt ceiling, which now looks like it's going to be addressed later in the year. Is the assumption if they address it later in the year through the debt ceiling because the bids are already in, they probably be looking at 2021 instead of 2020 in terms of addressing it or are you less optimistic because they'll even address it at all?
Brian Kane: So, let me take the 11% to 15%. We are reaffirming as we have our 11% to 15% that hasn't changed. I think this is important that investors understand the earnings growth that we've delivered over the last number of years, well in excess of 15% on a compound annual basis. And so, obviously, the HIF is a material headwind that we're dealing with and our goal is to strike the balance this year as it comes back to continue our advancement in the marketplace. As it relates to policy, I think, the way you characterize it is right. We believe that there is bipartisan support to get rid of the HIF. It needs a vehicle to attach to and, as you said, it certainly doesn't look like that will happen before the bids happened and therefore we're bidding as if it's coming back. We are obviously hopeful and are very focused on making sure people understand the impact that the HIF has on member benefits and the like, and so we continue to be advocates for repealing the HIF, and we're hopeful there this year as other legislation has taken up that will be part of it.
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Frank Morgan: Good morning. Your expectations around the moderation of utilization for the MA business. Is that more a function of your existing book of business or is that in some way related to your expectations around these new members you've added during this special open enrollment period, presumably, these are all switches from other plans. So is the ramp up in profitability of that population perhaps better than what a traditional AGN is, that's question number one. And then just number two, it seems like your commentary seems more encouraging around your Health segment business. Just I was wondering about and I'll be getting some more color and commentary around some of these investments you're having to make indeed the home care, home base and as well as your preparation for PDGM? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Sure. So, on the utilization side, I would say, it's really across the Board. We are seeing utilization of our new members, which are both switchers as well as folks new to MA or AGN. And really both all components of the business are performing better than our expectations. Obviously, when you get the significant growth that we got, you ask yourself whether you in anyway attractive and unbalanced risk pool and that's certainly doesn't appear to be the case. And so the new members are running quite well as our what we call our concurrent members. As it relates to healthcare service and we are seeing really nice performance in our Kindred business and our Humana At Home business home care, home base is being implemented. That's going well. We're committed to getting on home care, home base those one of the investments as you point out that we made this year. We think that will create a better clinical model ultimately for us as we continue to integrate with Humana and so that's going well. As we've said from the get go, we're supportive of PDGM. We believe that better aligns our clinical focus and focus on health outcomes with the homecare model and where the payment model works. We'll encourage home health providers to run towards the more complicated in chronic members of patients and so we are very supportive of that. Overall, we feel good about the investments we're making some of which are in healthcare services, some of which are in the retail and group segments but, as you said, I think healthcare services is off to a good start. We are seeing a little bit of softness in pharmacy that's just around the number of scripts we're filling because like we said, we're seeing lower utilization across the Board on our MA book, but other than that we feel very good about how broadly our business is developing here.
Amy Smith: Next question?
Operator: Next question is from Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Just had a question on the PYD trends the research development, and trying to tie that together. I guess sort of two parts. One just on the retail segment. Just given how much higher the PYD was year-over-year, Brian, when you sort of add that back into last year. How did the MA margins actually look relative to the update you had given us that they were significantly below the long-term 4.5% to 5% range. So that's the first part of the question. And then just secondly just given the negative PYD on the Group and Specialty segment and I know that you mentioned sort of looking at the risk adjuster settlement for some signals there, but just interested in how you guys are approaching either pricing or reserve assumptions, just to get back on the right side here in terms of the negative development in the Group and Specialty side? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Sure. On the MA side we are not, I'd rather not sort of put everything back into the incurred year. I think you can get a sense of that. We have PYD every year, but the good news is our book did developed favorably. So you are correct that will be called the incurred results for 2018 was better than where we finished year given the positive development, but I really don't want to comment any further other than to say our book continues to develop favorably, utilization assumptions that we made, closing the books for '18 turned out to be better as we get more results as we go into '19. Remember it takes a number of months before the actual claims matured develop before you really know how you did, and so we're happy to see that '18 is developing favorably on the MA side. It is true that Group had, yeah, it's a small mountain and immaterial for the company, but group commercial did have some negative PYD in the quarter. And again I think what we're seeing is that bifurcation in the marketplace and the community rate side what for us will be interesting to understand is how our book is progressing relative to the rest of the market and as the whole market deteriorating, are we deteriorating faster than the market. I think, the assumptions we have around our risk accrual are very reasonable and we will see again get what happens in June when that occurs, obviously, as we think about pricing our book both for MA and for Group. We incorporate prior period development and our views, as I mentioned earlier of emerging experience because that sets the new baseline off of which we trend and so we do put that into the pricing, and so we will incorporate all of our best information that we have into pricing to make sure we're appropriately priced.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Sarah James from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Sarah James: Thank you. Sticking on the home health topic, one of your peers recently quantified the company specific PDGM impact and it looks like one factor is where your home health patients are coming from whether it's acute or not. Can you give us some insight on to your mix of home health whether they are coming from acute or other sources. And if you think that Humana's PDGM impact could be better or worse than the industry average? Thanks.
Brian Kane: We don't go into that level of detail. I would tell you that Humana's mix will be more weighted, more acute settings and that's where our focus is as we think about our discharges and certainly where the opportunities are versus some of the more community-based settings that some of the home health companies have. Again, we don't -- we are not going to give that level of detail. I would just say that the Kinder team is ready for PDGM, they're embracing PDGM. Obviously, there are some perhaps near-term financial impacts that frankly were anticipated in our deal model. We knew there's some form of this was going to happen. So we anticipated the 2020 impact and we feel good about the assumptions we've made. But again, we're very focused on the incentives that provides the home health providers to take complicated patients and so we're excited about that.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, just to add to that, and I know there's a lot of details in the reimbursement and especially if you're highly oriented to fee-for-service payment model, which the Kindred management team as Brian has said is really managing that transition. More importantly for Humana as a whole, we feel there's a wonderful opportunity to address admissions, ER visits and other preventable events through home health and what we see in our initial test within data sites that we have going is that's actually the case is that we can reduce the utilization and institutions that are very reactive. That is one of the things that I think is coming from this reimbursement change is really encouraging nursing to be more oriented to areas like COPD, diabetes, and CHF of which to date has been much more oriented to therapy. So, within the home health sector as a whole, I think, that's much of a Kindred issue. They are managing that transition, feel comfortable with managing that transition and we invested in it based on a reimbursement change that would have some impact on lowering the impact from a therapy. But, in addition, we see a great opportunity and being able to assist us and what our core business and that is really driving down the cost of care through preventing hospital admissions.
Amy Smith: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning, Bruce and Brian. So just a question around your PBM operations and there has been some discussion around this moderation of generic drug deflation in the US market so far in 2019. So a couple of questions around that. I guess just first can you speak at a high level, how it may be impacting your PBM business and also your mail order profitability in particular. But also curious just to hear about your overall pharmacy cost trends for your overall book of business in 2019 just went balancing this moderating generic deflation with what we've seen also as moderating brand inflation this year versus 2018? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Yes, on the second question, we don't break out the trend by service category. But you are correct that we are seeing favorable pharmacy trends as a general matter and particularly on the specialty side where we can have very significant cost, the pipeline has not developed as we forecasted and it's lighter than we expected. And so from a trend perspective that's obviously a good thing. The question of a generic deflation and a lack of inflation is actually quite complicated. We think about it as holistically from both the PBM and then the impact from the plan and depending on the contracts you have in place with various manufacturers, it can be a good thing, it can be a bad thing. I'd rather not comment further than that, other than to say, I think, our PBM business more broadly, I think, is gearing up, it's working to drive more volume into the mail setting. Historically in the last a year or so, as we mentioned, we are not getting the mail order penetration that we want to get. We are very focused on driving that mail order penetration. We have really a state-of-the-art facilities to be able to service that mail order opportunity, and so we take over time it will be continued to be a source of growth for the enterprise.
Bruce Broussard: That's one of the strength of having the insurance component with the PBM side that you are the beneficiary of an ability to effectively manage the utilization on the price that drive, which shows up into the insurance product Part D and MA. And so as you think about the integration that we have together are, we have a different perspective than somebody as a retailer, for example, that is having an impact that the volume and the price is an important part that shows up in the profitability of our insurance side. And so as we are a little bit of a different breed as a result of it being integrated. Most of it is really -- our members and therefore they sort of work in harmony.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Amy Smith: Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Newshel from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Michael Newshel: Thanks. Can you give us an update on how you view your core cost trending or MA membership versus the growth factors that CMS is using in the rate setting process. I know the fee-for-service trend has accelerated into the 4% range in recent updates and it's actually closer to 5% and CMS projections in the outer years. So, are there demographics or other factors influencing that, where do you see the actual core trend in MA that you have to manage on a like-for-like basis?
Brian Kane: The way CMS formulates the rates and that fee-for-service trend factor is doesn't necessarily always really correlates the trend that we use in our pricing. And so it's sometimes hard to understand exactly how that trend is developed. We effectively take the rate we're given and then after sets for ourselves when our core trend is, and that's really the key assumption that we're focused on. I would just say that we continue to see moderate trends, we see movement from the inpatient setting to the outpatient setting. We have seen moderating specialty trends, but we have seen as we commented higher outpatient and physician trends, and so we balance all those various factors. Obviously what matters is what you price and the development relative to that pricing and I think we've been very successful ascertaining what the various trend components are and then pricing it accordingly.
Michael Newshel: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you. And I would like to thank all our shareholders for continuing to be strong supporters of the organization. And like every quarter our results and especially this quarter with great results we have could not be obtained without the 55,000 people that are working every day to help us. So, we really thank their dedication and efforts and allowing the organization to continue to be successful and with quarters like this. So, thank you and everyone have a wonderful day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you everyone for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and thank you for standing by. My name is Lilly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. It is now my pleasure to turn todays call over to your host, Ms. Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Amy Smith: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2018 results and our financial outlook for 2019. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. I would like to welcome our new Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura. Joe will be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. Additionally, we have posted supporting materials to our Investor Relations page for reference during Brian's prepared remarks. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our fourth quarter 2018 earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.65 for the fourth quarter of 2018 and $14.55 for the full-year, above our previous guidance of approximately $14.40, primarily due to favorable Medicare Advantage results. We are pleased with the consistency of an ongoing improvement in our performance, which can be attributed to our focus on optimizing our core operations. Our desire to drive effective clinical outcomes is leading us to integrate healthcare with lifestyle. To that end, we are focused on five areas of influence: primary care, the home, pharmacy, behavioral health and social determinants. In 2018, we continued to make advancements in each of these five areas and Id like to briefly touch on each. In primary care, Conviva continues to make operational improvements. And as expected our 233 owned joint ventured and alliance clinics, the majority of which are payer-agnostic, including our two partners in primary care clinics inside Walgreens stores experienced positive results in the annual election period or AEP. Humana MA membership grew over 9% in these clinics in the AEP excluding the more mature Conviva clinics. Regarding the home, we established an independent home health company joining Kindred at Home and Curo that provides significant overlap with our Medicare Advantage business. We are now implementing care and payment models oriented to patients with multiple chronic conditions in five pilot markets. We've optimized our ability to exchange key medical history with Kindred at Home. We use this information during the home health admission process to inform the patient's treatment plan as we deploy evidence-based, disease-specific care plans to identify and prioritize the most impactful clinical interventions. Additionally, Kindred at Home has selected Homecare Homebase as the electronic medical record and practice management system for both home health and hospice. And well begin implementing this system in 2019. This will accelerate our ability to proactively identify key clinical interventions while improving revenue capture and business and quality reporting. Turning to pharmacy, the integration of pharmacy and healthcare is an important part of managing chronic conditions as medication adherence and education result in a reduction in inpatient admissions, ER visits and how members engage with their primary care physician. This is especially important given Medicare members have four times the number of prescriptions as commercial members. We continue to see industry-leading mail order penetration rates in both our Medicare Advantage and Medicare Standalone Part D or PDP products. However, we acknowledge that PDP plans have become a commodity as evidenced by Humana and others experienced significant declines in PDP enrollment during the recently completed AEP, with price leaders taking share. You will recall that we pioneered the PDP market with the introduction of our low price co-branded plan with Walmart. Others in the industry have now imitated this plan. While it will take time, we intend to stay competitive and are working through alternatives to change the value proposition and impact the market. Transitioning to behavioral health, we recognize the significant impact mental health has on individual's physical health and wellbeing. To drive better clinical outcomes, we expanded our internal behavioral health model to our nearly six million TRICARE members in 2018. And we are now beginning to in-source our Medicare Advantage behavioral health offerings beginning with Florida. Lastly, regarding social determinants, we continue the work of our Bold Goal to improve the health of the communities we serve 20% by 2020 and beyond. By partnering with local community agencies and programs to expand access to critical support systems that address food and security and social isolation among other endeavors. Seniors living in Bold Goal communities continue to outperform other communities we measure in terms of having fewer unhealthy days. For perspective, each additional unhealthy day a patient has is associated with approximately $16 higher medical cost per person per month. In the spirit of our Bold Goal, our associates are empowered to speak up and help our members when they need it the most. As I've said before, associates in our call centers and at our primary care clinics learn far too frequently that a member has a lack of access to food and other critical resources. In response, these Humana associates proactively seek out our Bold Goal team and the [Audio Dip] connect the member with local community resources to help them with food and other access issues. Taking this extra step has a positive and transformative effect on our relationship with the member. It not only drives better member experience, but also leads to a better health outcomes. For instance, recently a member who had just returned home after a week in the hospital due to a fall, was surprised when one of our team members, on her own showed up at her door with an assortment of fresh foods, so she could stay out healthy and out of the hospital. These actions aren't written in our Company's policies and procedures. Rather they're ingrained in the culture where our purpose goes beyond formal job descriptions. Importantly, we also continued to advance our core operations in 2018. We returned to strong Medicare Advantage membership growth. We expanded our Medicaid operations as one of only two companies awarded a statewide Florida contract. And we exited our individual commercial business and the closed block long-term care insurance policies. As we celebrate our success as a Company in 2018, we also celebrate our employees without whom our financial and operational achievements would not have been possible. We are pleased that our strong performance will result in an increased incentive compensation for our employees at all levels across the organization participating in our expanded associate incentive program, which closely aligns compensation to the interest of our shareholders. Turning now to 2019, we experienced meaningful tailwinds coming into the year, including among others, the strong Medicare Advantage rate notice and health insurance industry's fee or HIF moratorium, which allowed us to make significant investments in our products to benefit our members and drive improved health outcomes. These benefit enhancements combined with our deep and broker relationships led to the strong results in the recently completed annual election period outpacing industry growth. We are projecting individual Medicare Advantage membership growth of 375,000 to 400,000 members or 12% to 13% for the full-year. While the individual MA growth exceeded our initial expectations, the growth was still within the bounds of our operational capacity. As a result of previous investments we are confident we have the appropriate infrastructure, risk management programs and predictive capabilities in place to manage this level of growth. Preliminary data suggests that approximately 44% of our individual gross sales during the AEP came from competitor Medicare Advantage offerings. From a geographic perspective, we generally experienced widespread growth but did grow disproportionately in key markets with higher than average industry or Humana penetration including Florida where we have a five-star plan and Texas. While it is evident the industry as a whole invested in benefits for the members in 2019 in great part due to the HIF moratorium, we believe that the return of the HIF in 2020 will negatively impact seniors across the nation in the form of reduced benefits and/or higher premiums. Accordingly, we are working with partners to urge Congress to take legislative action to repeal the HIF for 2020 and beyond. Recognizing that there is a sense of urgency given the rapidly approaching deadline for submitting bids for 2020 Medicare Advantage offerings. As we move forward in 2019, the evolution of healthcare and technology is progressing rapidly as evident by the governments implementation of Blue Button 2.0 and the large entrance of large companies like Google and Amazon in the healthcare space. Blue Button 2.0 puts the entire health record of a Medicare patient at their fingertips. Giving them the power to determine who access to their information. This advancement facilitates the ability to integrate healthcare information and require companies like Humana to take action. We will continue our momentum by executing and proving out the investments we made in our consumer-focused health strategy and expanding those investments to create a health ecosystem, deepening our health relationships in the five areas of focus I discussed previously. In that context, we are placing additional effort and resources in the following areas: building the infrastructure to facilitate internal and external interoperability, including systems that create a longitudinal health record of a member or patient; developing an enterprise clinical operating model to integrate clinical interventions across healthcare channels; expanding the computing power of our data infrastructure, enabling us to increase our use of AI and machine learning, including partnering with leading external organizations and developing more agile consumer experience development tools to create a simpler experience for our members and provider partners. These efforts will accelerate our ability to identify the most important clinical interventions while also enabling us to personalize the experience. Combined, we believe these actions will drive higher clinical engagement. In addition, as technology becomes more sophisticated and the use of it expands, this will allow for more convenient access to care like telehealth and home care. This will reduce the need for members to receive care in traditional settings like doctor's offices. They're also refining our products to offer a more personalized experience based on customer segmentations to address members functional and emotional needs. Although, we have work to do, we are proud that Humana was recognized by Newsweek, as best in customer service among health insurance companies in the magazines America's Best Customer Service 2019 rankings. In closing, we are excited about our opportunity to improve the life of millions of people we serve whilst helping to lead the way and transforming the future of our industry. Our success in 2018 coupled with our strong MA growth in the recently completed AEP provided momentum into 2019. And today we announced initial guidance of $17 to $17.50 EPS on an adjusted basis for the full year. This represents an increase of 17% to 20% over adjusted EPS of $14.55 for 2018. In addition, our board of directors has voted to raise our cash dividend to $0.55 per share, an increase of 10% from the Company's previous dividend of $0.50 per share. Brian will go into more detail in his remarks. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce and good morning everyone. Today we reported adjusted EPS of $2.65 for the fourth quarter of 2018 and $14.55 for the full year, ahead of our previous expectations. This represents adjusted EPS growth of over 20% for the full year fueled by continued strong Medicare Advantage results, which we believe positions us well for a strong 2019. Before I begin a more detailed discussion of our expectations for 2019, I will briefly discuss the fourth quarter and full year 2018 results. I echo Bruce's sentiment that our success in 2018 reflects not only the impact of our integrated care delivery model and the advancement of our strategy, but also the strength of our core operations. And we are pleased that our strong performance has translated to value for both our shareholders and our associates. As Bruce indicated, associates across all segments of the organization will benefit from the 2018 outperformance with higher-than-anticipated incentive compensation under the previously announced expanded program. Turning now to segment results, our Retail segment led by our Medicare Advantage business once again outperformed expectations, allowing us to finish 2018 above our previously anticipated pretax range. This strong result reflected an MA benefit ratio that was better than our expectations as inpatient medical trend and per member per month revenue consistently outperformed throughout the year. Our Medicaid business also performed well and notably we secured a significant contract award to offer comprehensive Medicaid coverage statewide in Florida. We began providing services under the new contract in December 2018 and continue to phase in-regions until the contract was fully implemented on February 1. In the Group and Specialty segment, our TRICARE business finished the year strong and our ASO level funded product continued to gain traction in the marketplace. The migration from community-rated to risk-rated ASO products particularly among healthier groups while positive for the business going forward did impact the medical benefit ratio. This slightly higher benefit ratio for the year combined with the previously described increase in incentive compensation costs resulted in full year 2018 pretax performance at the lower end of our guidance range. Turning to Healthcare Services, our full year 2018 adjusted EBITDA ended a bit below our previous guidance range, primarily reflecting transitory costs and investments associated with the integration of the acquired MCCI assets into the Conviva business, as well as the previously described increase in incentive compensation resulting from the strong performance by the Company. In addition, Kindred at Home incurred higher-than-anticipated cost in the quarter, including investments related to enhancing the capabilities of existing branches that present a substantial opportunity to service Humana membership, costs resulting from the shutdown of unprofitable branches and other costs incurred to establish an independent company. Not only was 2018 a strong earnings year, but we also efficiently deployed our capital to significantly advance our strategy. As noted previously, we made investments in the home, completing the acquisition of a 40% stake in the country's largest home health and hospice operator, Kindred at Home with an option to acquire a 100% of the business in the next few years. We also made important investments in our primary care business and other clinical capabilities. And we successfully achieved the full exit of our noncore long-term care business. Additionally, we returned meaningful capital to shareholders in the form of increased shareholder dividends and significant share repurchase. In 2018, we increased our per share dividend by 25% and repurchased shares worth approximately $1.1 billion, including the accelerated share repurchase agreement or ASR that we entered into in November of 2018. I will pivot now to 2019 guidance, consistent with our remarks last quarter, we expect 2019 adjusted EPS in the range of $17 to $17.50, an increase of 17% to 20% over our 2018 adjusted EPS and the second consecutive year of adjusted EPS growth in excess of our long-term target of 11% to 15%. This reflects top line growth above 11%. With 2019 consolidated revenues projected to be north of $63 billion, primarily reflecting strong Medicare Advantage membership growth and the Medicaid expansion in Florida. 2019 EPS also reflects the impact of a reduced share count as a result of the $750 million ASR entered into in November as well as a lower tax rate due to the health insurer fee moratorium for 2019. Additionally, we expect first quarter earnings to approach 25% of full year 2019 adjusted EPS. I will now provide some additional 2019 color on each of our business segments. That aligns with the waterfall slide that is posted on our Investor Relations website. In our Retail segment, as a result of a very strong annual election period, our January 2019 individual MA membership increased by more than 340,000 members. And we continue to expect full year growth of 375,000 to 400,000 members. We are pleased with the health insurance fee moratorium for 2019 allowed us and the industry as a whole to make significant investments in products to benefit members and drive improved health outcomes. Given the investment in member benefits, we are expecting a higher benefit ratio in 2019 relative to 2018 and are guiding to a ratio in the range of 86.6% to 87.6% for the Retail segment, which at the midpoint is approximately 200 basis points above 2018. It is important to remember that new Humana members are typically break-even in the first year as it takes time to get them into our clinical programs and accurately document it from a risk score perspective. Accordingly, while we continue to expect a reasonable pretax margin percentage improvement in 2019, given that we were meaningfully below our target in 2018 that improvement will not be quite as high as previously anticipated due to the higher-than-expected membership growth which increases revenue while not impacting profitability. It is also important to note consistent with our prior remarks. While we expect 2019 to be below our long-term individual MA margin target, that target remains 4.5% to 5%. And we are committed to returning to that target margin over a reasonable period of time as we balance margin and membership growth, providing a significant source of earnings power in the years ahead. Touching on group MA, we continue to expect an increase of approximately 30,000 members in 2019. It is important to note that this growth is primarily driven by smaller group accounts where we have a very strong competitive position and value proposition. These small group accounts have historically performed well for us and we expect that trend to continue in 2019. From a Medicare standalone Part D perspective or PDP, we continue to expect a membership decline of 700,000 to 750,000 members as a result of the deterioration of our competitive position. Given that we are no longer at the low price plan in any markets. This will of course impact our PDP insurance earnings for 2019. However, the PDP membership declines will have a more meaningful negative impact on our pharmacy business in our Healthcare Services segment as I will discuss in a moment. It is important to remember that Humana was a first mover in the PDP space with a co-branded Walmart low price plan and Humana is committed to innovating around the value proposition in the years ahead to serve this market. I would also note while the membership losses are not insignificant and we are committed to remaining disciplined around pricing, we continue to serve 4.5 million PDP members as of January 2019. Finally, our Medicaid business is expected to grow 120,000 to 140,000 members as a result of the statewide award of a Comprehensive Medicaid contract in Florida. This is expected to increase Medicaid revenue by approximately $500 million in 2019 as all the regions were fully phased in by February 1, 2019. In summary, we are guiding to Retail segment pretax income in the range of $1.875 billion to $2.075 billion for 2019, an increase of 14% over 2018 at the midpoint of the range. Moving to our Group and Specialty segment, we are expecting total commercial medical membership including both fully insured and ASO products to decline by 80,000 to 100,000 members, primarily reflecting the loss of certain large group accounts due to the competitive environment. Our focus continues to be on the small group space, particularly groups with two to a thousand members where we are able to offer more competitive plans and cross-sell our specialty dental and vision products. We also expect to see a reduction in our fully insured 2 to 50 community-rated block that will be more than offset by growth in our level funded ASO products which serve this segment. We continue to expect core trend to run 6% plus or minus 50 basis points, generally consistent with what we experienced in 2018. From a profitability perspective, we expect the commercial business to show nice pretax growth, in part because of the HIF moratorium, but this will be more than offset by the previously discussed and anticipated lower TRICARE profits. Recall that TRICARE received positive final settlements in 2018 associated with the previous TRICARE contract that was replaced with the expanded East Region contract with revised terms. All-in, we're guiding to a pretax range of $300 million to $350 million for this segment. For our Healthcare Services segment, we now expect adjusted EBITDA in the range of $1 billion to $1.05 billion for 2019, a bit lower than what we had been anticipating. This is primarily the result of the higher-than-expected PDP losses discussed above, the impact of which is exacerbated by the fact that the higher losses stem from our Walmart plan, which is greater than average mail-order use rates. Our adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2019 also reflects the cost of additional investments that Kindred at Home is making to enhance the clinical model in preparation for the patient-driven groupings model or PDGM including the implementation of the Homebase Homecare system across both the home and hospice platforms that Bruce discussed in his remarks. From an operating cost ratio perspective, we're guiding to a consolidated operating cost ratio in the range of 10.6% to 11.4% for 2019, a significant decline from 13.3% in 2018, primarily due to the 2019 HIF moratorium. This ratio also reflects lower projected annual incentive compensation costs year-over-year. Given the 2018 outperformance as well as productivity gains, partially offset by investments in technology and clinical capabilities. I would like to now briefly discuss capital deployment for 2019. We recognized the importance of returning capital to shareholders and our 2019 guidance reflects the impact of a $750 million ASR that we entered into in November 2018, as previously discussed. Given the size of the ASR and our desire to maintain strategic flexibility, no additional share repurchases are assumed in our guidance. In addition, as Bruce discussed, today, we announced that our board of directors increased our cash dividend by 10% to $0.55 per share representing the third consecutive year with a meaningful per share dividend increase. From an M&A perspective, we continue to evaluate strategic acquisitions to build out our capabilities, particularly in the primary care arena that we generally look for companies that could enhance our health care services segment, including opportunities associated with technology, specialty pharmacy, and other clinical assets. Additionally, we would also have interest in health plan assets that increase our presence in underpenetrated markets. As I've said previously, we target a total debt-to-capitalization ratio of approximately 35% consistent with rating agency expectations with the ability to go higher for the right strategic opportunity. Finally, I want to remind everyone that we plan to host an Investor Day on March 19, 2019 in New York City. Please save the date. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Appreciate all the color on the guidance. I guess my question is just around the Retail segment MLR, you mentioned up 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis. So I guess the question is, how much of that is the HIF moratorium and how much of that is sort of benefit additions and growth? I just kind of juxtapose that with your growing faster than the market, but your MLR is going up a little bit more. And so I'm just trying to figure out sort of the sustainability and what if the HIF does come back as planned in 2020, how much of that benefit addition has to get rolled back? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Josh. It's Brian. So as I mentioned, we did have a higher year-over-year MBR [ph] by about 200 basis points. The HIF is broadly in that range, plus or minus. We looked at the whole host of funding elements that we had. The HIF moratorium was one of those. Obviously, the rate environment was very positive for the sector. We still had some benefits from tax reform. We have the tax benefits of the HIF moratorium. So all those really went into our calculus as we tried to strike the right balance between benefit enhancement to drive growth as well as margin enhancement to drive earnings. And I think we struck a nice balance there. Obviously, we're mindful that the HIF could return in 2020. We are planning for that, both with respect to the cost in the organization as well as the return on investments that we anticipate getting from our trend vendor investments. And I would just say I think we've been prudent and thoughtful about the potential of the return of the HIF in 2020.
Josh Raskin: Got it, thanks Brian.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.
Ana Gupte: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to follow up on your commentary about disrupting the Part D market and how that plays into the changes that are being suggested on rebates and the impact on Part D pricing. I guess, the question is, firstly, are you on board and do you think this will happen for 2020? And then secondly, how does that offer you an opportunity potentially to be disruptive? You do have a gap to PBM and the bundled MA PD product.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Ana, without commenting too much on the specific of the rebate proposal, obviously, that would be a major change in the way the PDP and PD program works if rebates or discounts were to go point of sale. Our perspective is that, that would raise premiums for the broader populations. And that in of itself, I think, creates some disruption in the marketplace that we have to think through. I think broadly, what we're thinking about when we talk about sort of creating a different value prop is irrespective of where rebates go and it's just something that we're thinking about with  obviously, with our potential partners as well. And I wouldn't want to comment beyond that. But the rebate change is material, and it's hard to say whether it will be implemented in 2020 or after that. One of the things we're mindful of is the potential adverse selection it could have on the way the product is priced given the fact that the idea of negotiating the best rebates could create a risk pool that is imbalanced. And so the question of what kind of incentive that creates for PBMs to negotiate those discounts is something that I think the industry and policymakers need to think through. But wherever policy goes, we're prepared for it, and we feel good about just broadly how we're positioned.
Bruce Broussard: I would just add to what Brian is saying, Ana, is that I think the Part D market is in an evolution as a result of policy rebates at the  counter is one example of that, but also some of the innovative programs that are coming out of CMMI. We won't give you details of how we're going to construct it, but we do believe that, combined with  as we study the market, there are certain needs that are maybe a little broader than just Part D needs from a pricing point of view, and you can package some other services within that. And so we see this  there's a time here where I think the market has run its course, has commoditized, and these changes actually offer a refreshing for the value proposition that's out there. We want to use these changes as actually a way to enhance the value proposition outside of just running the price down.
Ana Gupte: Thanks Brian and Bruce. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Wanted to see if I could ask two questions, I think that they're the same question. On your bridge, on the guidance, it has a line there for HIF flowing through with  I guess, partially offset by some tax issues, which is adding about $0.51 to EPS. If we  if that's the case and we exclude that, then your core is now growing 8%, which would be below your kind of long-term guidance, so wanted to understand that. And I guess, secondly, and I think this might be part of the answer, but I'm not sure. It wasn't clear to me exactly what that other column was related to in that chart. I understand interest expense being higher, but I wasn't sure what else was in there.
Brian Kane: Well, let me show the other. The other is simply  there's a whole host of things in there, but including the sort of adjustments from EBITDA to pretax in our HCS segment, that's an important element. So there's a bunch of changes going on in there. There's some increase in interest expense and other things there. So it's almost obviously a catchall category, but there's nothing really to spike out there beyond what's in the footnote. But I think
Kevin Fischbeck: Your services EPS number is just the EBITDA impact converted to EPS, and then the other have the below-the-line items. So you kind of net those two things to kind of say what the actual EPS benefit looks like?
Brian Kane: Well, but there's other things in the other besides Healthcare Services changes but an important element is the Healthcare Services changes. Again, we believe the business, and we focus on it as a company internally, should really be an EBITDA-type business. And so there are whole host of changes below the line. Recall that as a 40% owner in a highly leveraged business in Kindred, there's a lot of debt impacts there that get consolidated below the EBITDA line. And when we build out our clinic business that drives incremental depreciation that doesn't necessarily reflect the earnings power of the business. So there are host of things that are going on in that other line, but we thought  which is why we changed it in 2018. We thought focusing the investors on EBITDA was, frankly, the right way to think about the business. And also frankly, if you think about the way assets trade in the private market in these types of businesses, they trade on an EBITDA basis. So that was where the genesis of that. With respect to your first question on pretax growth effectively, it is, I would say, obviously below  slightly below the 10%. But this year was a bit of an anomaly because of the tax changes, and so as we've said in multiple contexts, we really thought about the benefit/margin trade-off holistically. And so as I said in my remarks, we have a nicely increased pretax margin in the business. It's not getting to our pretax range, but there's a lot of below-the-line benefits as well. And then ultimately, we're focused on driving EPS growth in our 11% to 15% range, which, this year, as we've mentioned, and last year, two years above that range. And then we're focused on, obviously, driving top line membership. So that's sort of the balance that we try to strike.
Bruce Broussard: I would just add to Brian that the challenge  and we apologize to the investors. The confusion is really around what's pretax and what's post-tax. And our approach as a business in looking at returns, we're looking at after tax. And it's hard for you to look at a pretax margin, pretax growth, core growth when these tax items are being incorporated in pricing structure, how we look at our overhead and other things as a result of some of the changes that both happened in tax reform and in the HIF. So I  it is complicated for you to just pick one line item there, and we apologize for that.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks. I think the margin questions you just touched on, so maybe just shifting gears here a little bit. Just looking for maybe some comments on the HHS proposal on the drug rebates from last week. My sense is it probably would not hurt your profitability that much because you and really every Part D plan sponsor could raise premiums to offset that. But just any extra color around your thoughts about that proposal would be helpful? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Yes. And I tried to address this in a previous question. I think the rebate proposal is something that, obviously, we continue to study, the industry continues to study. To the extent it goes through obviously, the hydraulics of the way the supply chain works has to change because rebates are no longer flowing through the PBMs, they're going to have to flow through the supply chain differently, and so all the contracting is going to have to change there. Again, I think the bigger issue is more around the impact on the customer, the broad customer who's going to see a premium increase and a meaningful one, and CMS acknowledged this. Pharma should benefit from this. The government's going to pay more from this because the direct subsidy is going to go up. And so there's a whole host of complexity that has to be worked through. I think once all that is sorted through, again, just to come back to the bigger issue, I think is around adverse selection and what that does for the incentives for people to negotiate good discounts for their members more broadly. So it is going to be  it will have a meaningful impact. The timing of which is still uncertain, and that's something we need to understand better. And I imagine, as we all comment in the next 60 days, there'll be a number of additional pronouncements that are made here.
Bruce Broussard: Just a few additional comments, knowing that this is something top of mind for our investors. As a company, we completely support what the administration is trying to do, is to continue to lower the drug costs. We believe that's the right thing to do and always. This particular program is going to reduce drug costs for a particular sector of the population, the individuals that are buying it, but it will raise the cost of drugs through insurance and the other parts. And that's sort of where just  we're moving dollars around from one party to the next. The transition is something, as Brian is articulating through, that there is  we have to work through about what the administration and understanding that, and our response and the filing of the letter will bring that out. And also the drug companies, because there's a lot of work that has to happen on both parties on how you get the discounts, how you have to redo the contracts, the processing that it takes place at the counter and all those things. So it is a  it is not an easy transition that needs to be happening, and we will provide the complete details as we understand them and the transitioning there. But there are moving parts, contracts and the timing of those contract changes and how do they ensure that they are in the Part D bid process. Because if you change it after the Part D, then your prices are different and you have to manage through that. And then secondarily, how do you manage through the processing part that happens there. So stay tuned. We are  we obviously will support the administration if this is the final ruling, but it does have a lot of complexity to it.
Steven Valiquette: In Part D, there are some public companies posting MLRs that are surprisingly low, giving us a sense, in Washington, the Part D plan sponsors are just too profitable and that's part of the focus here. Do you think that's not really the focus? Just curious on that extra nugget.
Bruce Broussard: I'll add to that. I mean, I  we are amazed that some of the MLRs that are out there that have been publicly described there because we have done a lot of work with our drug cost and we are  in a very competitive fashion there. So there is pricing there that maybe has other things versus just the drug cost and the maybe wanting to gain more market share. So that's one area. I would say that within the industry of Medicare Part D because of the way the bids are processed and because of the way that our rebates are fully disclosed in that bid process, it is very transparent in the margins that you see there all rebates are incorporated in the Part D pricing. So the  unlike the commercial where it's much different in the transparency, because of the regulations and the oversight of Part D, you have full transparency of both pricing at the counter and the rebates. And so it's not because there's excess profits in Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D, it's really getting more transparency at the counter of what the cost is and really sharing the rebates back to the people that are buying the drug versus sharing it across the general population. And that's just the policy change. That's really no more than that, that has not taken  it's not taken dollars out of the system, it's just reallocating the dollars because the dollars are already allocated to the system.
Steven Valiquette: Got it, okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo. Please ask your question.
Peter Costa: Good morning. Your guide of $17 to $17.50 seems pretty much in line with the guide that you talked about on the third quarter call. There's been some changes in terms of the performance of your business in terms of  you even mentioned Healthcare Services business performance will be a little worse than you originally thought because of the lower Part D membership. The retroactive rate adjustments on the group business seems like that's a little bit more negative and perhaps carries into next year. And then you had more MA membership, but you talked about that not having as much of an impact on the earnings line, but a bigger impact on revenues. So you've outlined a few negatives relative to the third quarter, where there some positives in there? Perhaps maybe the fact that 44% of that  I think that was the number, of the MA business came from competitors and makes that cohort a little bit more profitable? Is that what makes the guidance the same?
Brian Kane: Yes, good morning, Peter. Its Brian. I think it's fair to say that our Retail MA business is improved versus where we were I guess, in the third quarter call. And that, as you mentioned, offset by some of those negatives. So that's how we get back to the $17 to $17.50. I think we feel very good about how our Retail  and I should say, our Retail MA business is trending. And so I think that's a fair commentary. But I'd focus on the HCS, less on the group side. Just to be clear, the 300 to 350 is well within our expectations of the performance there, which is better commercial earnings, lower TRICARE earnings. It's really the offset of HCS and Retail. And these are slight numbers, these aren't material one way or the other.
Peter Costa: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. Brian, you said that you're not  your margins in individual MA are below that 4.5% to 5% target. If I just look at the trajectory in what you've shared before, I'm getting to a number that implied in guidance that might be just below 4%. Is that in the right ballpark? And then looking out to 2020, any kind of early thoughts on the rate release and their ability to improve margins should they come back next year? Thanks.
Brian Kane: Yes, good morning, Justin. Again, I'm just always hesitant to give point estimates on the margin. I think it's fair to say that we were significantly below our margin target in 2018. And I think significant  as we've said before, has certainly free handle next to it and towards the low end of that range. And I would just say we've improved that nicely for 2019, but still below where we want to be for the 4.5% to 5%. I think it's too early to give 2020 guidance. We'll see where the rate notice finishes up, and we still have a ways to go to get the final notice. Obviously, the HIF is a really important element here as well, and that's something that we're all waiting on. Regardless of what happens, we're committed to growing this enterprise, and I think you'll see that. I just am hesitant to give any specifics for 2020 at this point.
Justin Lake: Okay, thanks.
Brian Kane: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of question  a two-parter around the ACA court case. The more relevant of those is, does that pending decision influence your appetite for Medicaid as you stand here today? Does that cause you to kind of move to the back burner and wait to see that outcome? And then two, if it were  if it really were to be upheld, clearly, there's HIF implications, but there's also trend to parity rate implications. And I'm wondering, in that instance, would you think about  would you expect to see rates ratchet back up?
Bruce Broussard: I'll try to answer that in reverse order. I can't comment on the reversal of the rates. I think that's too speculative on what would happen in  with CMS or would there be other policy interventions there to fix that. So that's something I'd rather not comment on. I can comment on our appetite, as you put it, for Medicaid and where our view is on that. We continue to believe our capabilities of the  of being able to service complex individuals, both from their lifestyle and, in addition, from their health care as a strength that we have and has been demonstrated for years. And the Medicaid dual population is a population that we serve today quite effectively, and we will serve tomorrow quite effectively. And feel that, that is a market that we should continue to grow in and be successful in, in offering a very strong value proposition to the states.  So as we think about the changes with the court case or potential changes that doesn't change our belief that we continue down the road of the Medicaid population. It will be catered to different states, whether they have expansion or not, whether they are going out with a program that is going to be more oriented to duals and less oriented to SNFs. And so I would say our appetite continues to be very strong for Medicaid, but specifically focused on the dual population, but will serve other populations as the states both require and their preferences would be.
Dave Windley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody, I just wanted to ask about  go back to that comment of 44% of the lives you've picked up have come from competitors. I wonder if you could give us some perspective on that. Is that consistent with what you've seen over the years? If it's may be higher than usual, does it suggest other people  is the competitive landscape somehow changing, particularly with what's going on with the HIF? And if it's  does it say anything about your expectation around the underlying growth of MA this year if 44% are coming from others not new and agents?
Brian Kane: Good morning A.J. I would say it's slightly above the last few years, but not  I would not call it a material difference from where we've been. I think there's been some commentary  I'm glad you asked about the growth of the MA market this year. And if you look at January over January on the CMS tape, it seems a little bit lower. But actually, the right way to look at this is to pull out the Minnesota cost plans because there was a big conversion there where they were no longer offered. And so some of those members went to MedSup, and a number of those went to Medicare Advantage. So it was actually a big opportunity for the sector to get those members into MA. But the way it's counted from an industry perspective, the cost plans are actually in the growth rate. So it distorts it. If you pull that out, actually, you'll see that actually the market is growing faster than last year. And we are taking a disproportionate share of that faster-growing market. So, we feel very good about how we're positioned. We feel good about how we priced. And obviously, it's still early where we are. It's only early February, but there's nothing that we've seen, as Bruce indicated in his remarks, that gives us any pause about the numbers that we've put out today. And so all in all, we're very bullish on our Retail segment, on our Medicare Advantage growth potential, both in terms of top line and bottom line. 
A.J. Rice: Okay, alright, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Sarah James: Thank you. Humana has recently talked about how some Part D bidders may perhaps be pricing with levers in mind that Humana doesn't have, and I think this could be referring to revenue synergies from retail locations. So if pricing considerations is beyond the product itself, what can Humana do to compete? And specifically, what other services are you talking about packaging together with Part D to drive value creation? And is this packaging a shift in strategy to targeting a more benefit-rich segment instead of your traditional low-price-point segment?
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I don't think we'll comment a lot on what services we'll add. I would just say in general what we see, and this happens in a lot of different industries, that you're seeing a commoditization of a product, and you have to come out and enhance the value in other ways and segment it accordingly. I just think that this is evolution of the industry. That sort of is mashed with policy changes that are happening too. And I think the combination of those two things offers an opportunity or, for that matter, could be a negative for some companies. We have mentioned then at times that some companies have revenue synergies as a result of the retail front end, and  but we also have the mail order synergies in the back end. And when we see this year of who is taking share, it's really someone that doesn't have significant synergies, doesn't have either one of them. And we look at it and say, " Well, that's interesting. It seems to be more of a price game than a competitive advantage one way or the other." So I just would emphasize to the investors that Part D is still a very large commitment by us, as you can see from the way we've approached, both in our Medicare Advantage and in this particular Part D business is that we are very oriented to delivering value at a price that we can earn a return. We're not going to buy market share. You don't see us doing that in Medicare, you don't see us doing that in Medicaid, and we're not going to do it in Part D. We feel that our brand, our service, our expectations in meeting our customer, along with enhancing the value through our ability to impact clinical outcomes, is the strength we have and we shouldn't cheapen that strength. So stay tuned. I think there's an opportunity in the marketplace to be disruptive as all these changes. We're obviously not making promises here, but we do believe that the market is in need for changes and we believe the environment is presenting some opportunities there.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel of Stephens. Your line is now open.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks, good morning. Just had a question just on the Group segment in commercial and just some of the trends you saw in the fourth quarter. Just in particular around the mix shift that you're seeing into the level-funded ASO products and small group. Do you have any projection on what you're expecting in terms of the mix shift in 2019 relative to 2018? I know you're like at 26% at the end of the year. And then also, just talk about how you're pricing sort of the residual commercial risk book just given some of the, I guess, sort of marginal adverse selection issues that seem to be showing up as part of that mix shift.
Brian Kane: Hey Scott, good morning. And you just pointed to it. If you look at our press release, you can actually see the percentage of members in ASO continuing to tick up. Just to give you some context, in 2018, we saw about a, call it, 50,000, 55,000 member increase in that level-funded product and a commensurate decrease in the 2 to 50 community-rated product. I think you're going to see even more of that in 2019. So even a more disproportionate share. It's something that we are targeting. And so if you think about our block on the 2 to 50, you have the ASO-level funded, which is a business we really like because it's effectively risk-rated, the customers like it, it's customized to their needs and it's the right risk profile. You have the transitional relief business that's still out there. These so-called grandmother products from the ACA. That's a business that performs quite well for us. And then you have this small group, community-rated 2 to 50 product, that has been more challenging. One of the issues you have in that business also is estimating what your risk adjustment is going to be and how that's going to effectively play between your book and other books. But it's not as nearly a stable market as we'd like it to see, and we are seeing that shift, that healthier blocks who can get under it and are going to go to this ASO-level-funded product, which basically gives them a stop-loss protection that  so they're protected for any significant health care cost but effectively it allows them to be self-funded and they get the best of both worlds. So without giving a prediction on the percentages, I think you'll see a continued shift there. We think that's a positive. We're actually, I think, optimistic about where the group business is headed and the opportunities we have to disrupt that marketplace. One of the benefits of not being a major player in the group business is that we have more opportunity and more flexibility to try different things. And so I think you'll see us do that in a very prudent way. The other element of this business, which is really important that we don't talk a lot about, is our TRICARE business. I mean, we have six million military members. They like us a lot. We have a great relationship with the U.S. government. They're moving more towards perhaps some value based experiments there and some elements of risk. It's something that we're working closely with our Department of Defense partners on, and we're also very excited about that business. So more to come on that. But the fourth quarter had some of that migration that you mentioned. There was also some settlements that we basically put behind us just to set us up for a strong future. And so that's really the story there.
Scott Fidel: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Your line is now open.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks good morning. I just want to go back to the Retail margin guidance. I certainly understand you're growing enrollment faster, but typically, you do consider sort of high single-digit growth as some baseline. So the incremental 300 to 400 basis points in growth, even at 0% on your pretty big base and then considering the improvement in margin from those coming on from prior years, just doesn't seem like it would have the magnitude of impact that you're suggesting. And on top of that, we have the better rate backdrop and the HIF moratorium. So just curious on whether there is something else, if it really is just conservatism. And to your comments, Brian, about being sort of prudent and thoughtful, just given the potential comeback of HIF, should we take that to mean at least margin preservation in 2020. Thanks.
Brian Kane: Look, our intent is not to decline  to degrade margins in 2020. I think that's fair to say. But obviously, we have to understand the rate environment where the HIF goes. But as we've said, we've committed to continue to improve the business and to grow the business and to grow top and bottom line. And that's regardless of where we are unless, obviously, there's a very unexpected situation with regards to the rates. But we are committed to growing this business as I've said. On the 2019 side, I wouldn't underestimate the impact of several billion dollars of incremental revenue. It's not an insignificant amount, but I think it's fair to say, and just going back to Peter's question, that we feel good about where our Retail business is positioned. And we have seen and we will see, in 2019, a nice improvement in the pretax margin. The actual individual MA pretax growth is meaningfully above the overall enterprise pretax growth given some of the other moving pieces. So I think you are seeing really nice pretax growth on the individual MA side. So again, I think we feel good broadly about where we're positioned on the Retail side here.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Steve Tanal: Great, thank you for your question. I guess one just on the Healthcare Services segment and the outlook. I'm just trying to get a little more color on how Part D flows through. Can you sort of talk about the sources of profit that the segment made some captive Part D plans other than mail order, if any, and how the enrollment decline kind of flows through that segment. Sort of thinking about the outlook as well and maybe if you could dig into kind of the flat to down adjusted EBITDA guidance for the services segment, maybe break that down a little bit into sort of the PBM profit decline related to Med D versus lapping some of the investments that you framed in 2018.
Brian Kane: Well first of all, the adjusted EBITDA guidance is up. It's not just to be clear, if you look at year-over-year. And so it's just  it's been impacted by some of the PDP changes that we've had with regard to membership, which was a little bit worse than we had anticipated. That flows through both on the PBM side as well as the mail order side. The bigger impact is on mail order. As I mentioned, the Walmart plan has a high  relatively high mail order penetration. So when we lose those members, you're going to have an impact on Healthcare Services. But we're still growing EBITDA nicely in the sector if you look at year-over-year, where we finished and where our guide of $1 billion to $1.050 billion suggest where we'll be. So again, PDP is an important element of HHS. It's just one element. Obviously, MA is an important part of that. The nice part about MA is we're growing above our expectations, so that's helping to offset some of that PDP pressure. An important element of Healthcare Services also is Kindred, and it's important that we invest in Kindred for the long term. And so for example, implementing Homecare Homebase, while an expense for 2019, it's a decision that the Kindred board made recently because we thought it would position us better for the future and enable us, as Humana, to attain the clinical outcomes and the clinical measures that we're striving to do. So we thought that was a smart investment to make. And also importantly in the segment is our primary care business. And so we have the Conviva business that we're continuing to focus on, on the turnaround there, where we've been impacted over the last few years by a difficult rate notice. The rate notice was better for 2019, but there's still a whole host of operational improvements that the team is making and committed to making. And then we're also investing in additional primary care assets in the Healthcare Services segment where we continue to put down our own clinics as well as work with our JV partners to put down clinics, and that has some impact on the profitability as well. So again, I think we feel good about HCS, and we think about it holistically with our Retail business.
Steve Tanal: Great, thank you. Maybe just one quick follow-up then. Just on the sort of pretax investments that were associated with tax reform. How were those treated in the 2019 financial plan? I think there was $360 million in 2018, about I think half of which was potentially not recurring, about half I think went into wages. Just curious on how that flows into the guidance, and then that's it for me.
Brian Kane: Sure, so you are right. the way you broke it out, $2 went to shareholders, $1 went to effectively higher wages and everyone benefiting from our  or most people benefiting from our bonus program, which was a big change and exciting for a lot of our associates, and then the other dollar effectively in investments, both in the enterprise as well as the community. That all goes into the process as we went into 2019 and said what are the dollars that we have to invest  and by investing, I mean, investing in benefits, investing in our business, so the clinical capabilities that we're developing and technology investments that Bruce referenced, and then, obviously, investing in margin. And so that all went back into the funding pot, I would say. The dollar to associates hasn't changed. That's still in our run rate, both the higher minimum wage as well as the bonuses. But the incremental dollar was just part of the whole funding pot that we had to grow  to increase growth and margin in 2019.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary Taylor: Hi good morning. I guess I am going to revisit MLR guidance just for a moment, and I appreciate you've talked a lot about it. I guess from my perspective, if we think about the HIF being  or a lot of the HIF being potentially invested in benefits, it could easily account for 200 basis points of MLR. And you talked about a few things that were impacting that guidance. But maybe specifically wondering, was there any underlying  I can't talk today, I'm so sorry  any underlying change in the trend guidance incorporated into that MLR outlook? Or is that stable? And then secondly, maybe just 30 seconds, Brian, on  it seems like your approach to investing the HIF in benefits in 2019 was pretty substantially different than the approach you took in 2017, where you held out a portion as related to the tax benefit. You grew substantially slower than the market this year sounds like you're putting a lot of the HIF into benefits and obviously are growing faster than the market. So two things: one, any underlying change in trends? And just two, just give us a little refresher on why you decided to take the different approach heading into the 2019 holiday.
Brian Kane: With respect to trend, no change. Obviously, we reflect what our perspective of trend is going to be for 2019. We're always, I think, very prudent about the trend we put into our bids and ensure that provisions for any adverse deviation, as we call it in actuarial speak, is accounted for. And so we're very mindful of that. And I think we've been prudent about the trend we put into our bids. So I don't think that necessarily changes year-over-year. With regard to the HIF, again, I wouldn't necessarily characterize it as a difference. The difference really in 2017 was an accounting question. Because there was a question whether it would come back or not, we just decided to exclude it, the tax impact from our guidance, just to create some comparability for investors. The fact that it went away again, in 2019, made that option not possible. If you look at our waterfall, you can see that we've called out specifically the HIF tax impact. We said $1.79, less a few other just tax changes that we've had year-over-year and a few . But we have been very clear that we've called that out. So in some respects, we really haven't treated it differently. I mean, we're getting the tax impact of the HIF into our numbers. The other, obviously, difference between 2017 and 2019, the rate environment was also very different. And so that is something to think about. And so I think 2019 helped us there as well in terms of the MER impact and the ability to invest in the like and the impact that, that flows through on MER. But in summary, no change in trend. Our philosophy hasn't changed. And on the HIF, I think, really, the change hasn't been dramatic from what we thought it would be in  or what we  how we priced for it in 2017. It just shows that differently from an accounting perspective.
Gary Taylor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time Mr. Bruce Broussard you may continue.
Bruce Broussard: Okay. Well, great. Well, I will just close it out by first saying thank you to all our associates, the 55,000 people that really make this happen, and especially then taking care of our members and our provider partners. And at the same time, I thank the shareholders for their long-term support of the organization. And as Brian mentioned, we are having our investor meeting in March 19 in New York City. And that's where the investors will be able to see more exposure to our strategy, and as importantly, the breadth of the management team that really helps make all this happen. So we hope to see you there. And again, thank you for your support.
Operator: Thank you, presenters, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc. Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc. Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.
Analysts: A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC David Styblo - Jefferies LLC Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Lance and I will be your operator for today's conference. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Incorporated 3Q 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call over to Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2018 results and our financial outlook for the year. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our third quarter 2018 earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thanks, Amy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.58 for the third quarter of 2018 and raised our full year 2018 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $14.40, primarily reflecting favorable Medicare Advantage results. Our continued strong performance reflects the advancement of our strategy, which centers on the consumer with quality, convenience and local presence top of mind throughout the organization. Our success is due to the exemplary efforts of our associates and their focus on quality every step of the way. We're fortunate to have a highly engaged team and are encouraged by a recently completed survey indicating that engagement levels of our associates rank as world-class, above the 90 percentile. This engagement reflects a culture of commitment to our values and strategy, diversity of thought and pride in the services we provide our customers. You see it not only in our recently released Star scores including two 5-star contracts in key markets, but also in higher Net Promoter Scores and improved productivity. It was also recently announced that Humana Pharmacy was ranked number one in customer satisfaction for U.S. mail order pharmacies in the J.D. Power 2018, U.S. Pharmacy Study. Ultimately, all these efforts result in deeper member engagement and improved clinical outcomes. While we are proud of our Star scores, we recognize that there is an inherent volatility in their measurements and healthcare is a dynamic environment. Measures may change, and as the industry as a whole improves performance, measure thresholds also rise substantially. Therefore, this requires a relentless focus on quality in both of the member experience and clinical outcomes throughout the organization. To that end, we continue to invest in people, processes and technology to create a more local, personalized and simplified experience, while proactively managing health conditions. Let me give you a few examples. We continue to make progress with Kindred at Home and our efforts already being felt by our members. There are numerous examples of Kindred at Home nurses and our four pilot programs identifying and addressing gaps in care, including addressing non-medical patient concerns that may cause them to forgo the recommended pre or post-acute treatment plan and jeopardize their health. Kindred at Home's direct engagement and information sharing with the health plan further enables our members to make decisions that are best for their personal health and well-being. Similarly, our medication reconciliation program is leading to better clinical outcomes for our members. We implemented and then performed our first medication reconciliation nearly three years ago. In the beginning, it took three months to complete 500 medication reconciliations. We now can do it in three days with the use of technology. We've heard countless stories from our care managers and pharmacists around the impact we're having on members' lives through this program. Together, our clinicians have caught drug interactions, duplicate therapies, missing therapies, incorrect therapies and side effects. Our analytics team have spent considerable time working through the data, catching important discrepancies and ensuring accurate results. We've prevented hospital readmissions and adverse drug events and are generating significant trend savings through this program annually. And our members experience the value of this work through more healthy days in their home. We've seen similar success in our value-based care model with primary care physicians. In our wholly-owned Partners in Primary Care clinics, one story in particular stands out. A member at one of our clinics, Mr. Smith a high-risk patient with elevated A1C, frequently missed his appointments. By proactively reaching out to him, the clinic staff determined that while he understood that he was at high risk of heart attack, stroke, kidney failure and losing his vision, he could not afford the $15 co-pay for the office visit, medication co-pays or healthy foods. He was fully aware of the consequences and felt hopeless. The clinical staff worked with him to address financial concerns that were a barrier to his ability to manage his disease progression. He was already receiving 100% low-income subsidy for his prescriptions and still couldn't afford the $8 co-pays or the $15 co-pay for the office visit. So, the clinic staff found other ways to help him financially. This includes referring Mr. Smith to a food pantry, even entering the address in his GPS phone for him; assisting him with Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP application, under which he was pre-approved for $135 to $165 in benefits; informing him that if he use those SNAP benefits at the local farmers market, for every $5 he spent on produce, he would be given an additional $10 in fresh produce; helping him apply for low-income housing supplement that would pay at least 50% of his rent; and assisting him in calling the power company to obtain a low-income reduction in his power bill. Mr. Smith was appreciative of the assistance and indicated the savings to his budget were life-changing for him. There are stories like this across the organization. At the root of all of them is the success of our integrated care delivery model, breaking down silos, empowering Humana associates and encouraging partnering across the healthcare ecosystem. We recognize that in order to slow disease progression, improve the health of those we serve and ultimately reduce medical costs, we have to solve the barriers to achieving better health outcomes for our members. Those barriers often occur outside the medical realm, including social determinants of health, like food insecurity and social isolation, as well as financial constraints. In addition, consumer convenience and local presence are top of mind as they lead to increased member engagement. To that end, we've invested in home health, an expansion of our senior-focused primary care clinic footprint, including opening two clinics inside Walgreens stores in Kansas City as previously discussed. In addition, we recognize that we need an omni-channel approach to consumer convenience and healthcare with a seamless experience for members and providers whether interacting with us over the phone or online through a desktop or mobile device. In August, we announced that we named Heather Cox to the newly created position of Chief Digital Health and Analytics Officer. And we'll soon launch a center for Digital Health and Analytics in Boston called Humana Studio H. We are developing a critical capability that can help Humana leap forward and overcome friction points to create a simplified, connected and personalized health care experience for our members, physicians and other medical professionals who provide care. CDRH will focus on pioneering new products and services that will then be developed for use across the organization and with external parties. Turning to 2019, our commitment to helping our members achieve their best health remains stronger than ever. There were meaningful tailwinds going into 2019 Medicare Advantage bids, including among others, Tax Reform and the health insurance industry fee moratorium, enabling us to make investments in our products to benefit our members and drive improved health outcomes. We are pleased with the early positive response to our compelling Medicare Advantage offerings with nearly all of our members experiencing stable or enhanced benefits. Based on our 2018 membership base, I would like to highlight ways our members will benefit from our plans in 2019. 93% of our members will have no premium change or will see a reduction in premium. Over 50% of our members will have $0 premium plan. 1.6 million members will have $0 primary care physician co-pay, an increase of 400,000 members for 2018, and nearly all members will have a PCP co-pay of $20 or less. Nearly 40% of our members will see specialist co-pay reductions. Over 430,000 members are in plans from which prescription drug deductibles have been removed in 2019, bringing the number of total members with no Rx deductible to 1.3 million. And finally, 1 million members, or 36%, will see reductions in their maximum out-of-pocket expenses. When designing these benefits, we knew it was important to offer a compelling value proposition to our customers to drive growth, while also balancing the need to improve our margins at the same time. We have robust operational processes and controls in place both at corporate and local market level to ensure we achieve both of these objectives. As Brian will discuss in his remarks, early indicators from the Annual Election Period are positive, reflecting member and broker excitement around these changes. Consequently, we are expecting strong individual Medicare Advantage growth, while also delivering an increase in earnings per share above our long-term target. We look forward to helping both our current and new members achieve their best health. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $4.58 for the third quarter, ahead of our previous expectations. We continue to see favorable results, particularly in our Retail segment. And as a consequence, for the third time this year, we are raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $14.40 from our previous guidance of approximately $14.15. These strong financial results, coupled with solid non-financial metrics that are also a component of our compensation programs, are driving an increase in estimated incentive-based compensation for our associates across all segments, thereby increasing our consolidated operating cost ratio guidance for the full year. Recall that earlier this year, due to Tax Reform, we were able to significantly expand our annual incentive-based compensation program to include all of our associates. These added approximately 28,000 associates to the annual program, tying a portion of their pay to the company's performance. As a result of their tireless efforts and commitment to our strategy, we are continuing to outperform our expectations. And we are therefore pleased to have the opportunity to further reward all of our associates for their exemplary work. As I mentioned, our Retail segment continues to outperform, led by our individual Medicare Advantage business. We've increased our individual MA membership guidance for 2018 to a range of 200,000 to 210,000, an increase of 15,000 members at the midpoint, partially offset by slightly lower than expected group MA membership. This greater Medicare membership, coupled with higher per member per month premiums, have enabled us to increase our revenue guidance to a range of $47.8 billion to $48.1 billion from our previous range of $47.5 billion to $48 billion. In addition, the trends seen in the first half of the year continued in the third quarter, with inpatient utilization running favorably, partially offset by higher outpatient costs. As a result, we've again lowered our benefit ratio guidance to a range of 85.0% to 85.4% as compared to our previous guidance range of 85.1% to 86.0%. While the lower utilization is good for the health plans in the Retail segment and Humana overall, it does put some pressure on Healthcare Services segment adjusted EBITDA. In fact, we are seeing the benefits of the investments we have made in our integrated business model and strong clinical programs over the last several years, reflected in clinical excellence and trend benders for our insurance lines. Accordingly, our associates in the Healthcare Services segment will also benefit proportionately from the consolidated company outperformance with higher than expected incentive-based compensation, which is an important factor driving the lower adjusted EBITDA guidance for the segment we have provided today. Additionally, MAPD pharmacy network volume is down slightly for the year versus expectations, primarily with generics. And we have also experienced shifting market dynamics in our Specialty Pharmacy business, primarily around members' initial engagement in new therapies, which have tended to be filled by third-party providers rather than Humana Pharmacy. The pharmacy team is intently focused on improving these dynamics. These factors, coupled with investments made in Conviva, which include accelerated rebranding to position this business for a strong Annual Election Period to bolster 2019, resulted in a decline in our adjusted EBITDA guidance to a range of $990 million to $1.01 billion from our previous range of $1.025 billion to $1.075 billion. Lastly, I would note that Kindred at Home is performing in line with our expectations and the value-based pilots we have launched have begun to gain traction, as Bruce indicated in his remarks. Shifting to Group and Specialty, the segment is still expected to perform within the range of our prior expectations from a pre-tax perspective. For this quarter, we slightly lowered the high end of the pre-tax range on account of extraordinary items. During the third quarter, several developments, including the resolution of provider matters in Texas and Florida, which were not previously contemplated in our guidance, resulted in an increase in our benefit ratio guidance to a range of 79.1% to 79.5% from our previous guidance range of 78.3% to 78.8%. The resolution of these issues sets the segment up for success in the future. We continue to expect trend of 6%, plus or minus 50 basis points, but trending towards the lower half of the range. Additionally, our TRICARE business continues to perform very well and exceed expectations. Turning now to 2019, while we do not intend to provide specific detailed guidance until our fourth quarter call, I will now offer some higher-level commentary and direction for the upcoming year. Let me first reiterate that we have significant tailwinds going into 2019 with minimal headwinds. Tailwinds include the positive Medicare Rate Notice, the HIF moratorium, the continued beneficial effects of Tax Reform, our incremental membership from the Statewide Florida Medicaid contract award, and our general Medicare business momentum. In addition, we now have two 5-star contracts in the critical markets of Florida and Tennessee that give us the ability to market year-round. More broadly, we have endeavored to be very thoughtful with how we balanced our 2019 goals of achieving a greater than market individual MA membership increase, while at the same time improving our pre-tax margin to drive EPS growth above our long-term target. Let's begin with membership. As Bruce indicated in his remarks, we believe that our solid membership and earnings growth in 2018 is paving the way for significant growth in 2019 and we are pleased with the positive early response to our individual MA offerings for 2019 during the first month of the Annual Election Period. The significant tailwinds just discussed allowed us to invest in benefits for our members and offer compelling Medicare Advantage products. In addition, in 2018, we continued the extensive broker outreach that we began in 2017, revitalizing and deepening these critical relationships as we geared up for the 2019 Annual Election Period. Based on what we know today, we expect 2019 individual MA membership growth in the range of 250,000 to 300,000 members. There are scenarios that could certainly impact this estimate including a sales slowdown or speedup for the remainder of AEP; a change in the expected retention of existing members for which we've limited data to-date; higher or lower post-AEP sales figures that are currently forecasted; and the return of the open enrollment period for 2019 for the first time since 2011. The OEP runs from January to March, allowing members to make a single switch of their MA plan or return to original Medicare. With regard to group Medicare Advantage, as we've indicated previously, growth can vary significantly from one year to the next depending on the large account RFP pipeline, which for 2019 was less robust than prior years. That said, we still expect to grow our membership by approximately 30,000 members year-over-year. Moving to Medicaid, we expect 2019 membership growth of 120,000 to 140,000 members, primarily reflecting the expansion into new regions with the Florida contract award. Regarding our standalone Medicare PDP membership, as previously discussed, we expect this business will face meaningful headwinds for 2019. Given the competitive nature of the industry and the price discipline we are employing, we are no longer the low-cost plan in any market. We expect 2019 PDP membership losses to be at least 500,000 members. Finally, we anticipate that our Group and Specialty segment will see an overall medical membership decline, though not at the level of declined experienced in 2018. That being said, we do expect to grow modestly in our sweet spot of 2,000 to 1,000 members with a big focus on expanding our level-funded premium products that are very attractive to small employers. I will now turn to our expectations around 2019 financial performance. We expect the membership changes discussed above will drive sizable top line and pre-tax growth as well as margin improvement in our Retail segment. As we indicated previously, while we expect our individual MA pre-tax margins to improve nicely from 2018, we anticipate they will remain below our long-term target of 4.5% to 5% on account of the continued impact of investments made in 2018 due to Tax Reform. We remain fully committed to achieving our long-term target over time. With regard to the Healthcare Services segment, we expect adjusted EBITDA percentage growth in the low-teens, given our individual MA membership growth expectations, the annualization of the Kindred results and operational improvements in our other businesses in the segment, particularly our Conviva provider clinics. However, a decline in PDP membership has the impact of constraining the growth of our pharmacy business, which will therefore rely on Medicare Advantage growth and improved operations to fuel its results. Lastly, in our Group and Specialty segment, while we expect our insurance businesses to have nice pre-tax growth in 2019, this will be more than offset by the previously discussed lower TRICARE profits, given that the positive final settlements received in 2018 associated with the previous TRICARE contract will not recur in 2019. Therefore, we anticipate that pre-tax results will be modestly down year-over-year in this segment. All-in, we are pleased to reiterate our expectation of meaningful EPS growth in 2019 of a new baseline of $14.40 in excess of our long-term target of 11% to 15%. More specifically, we would expect the midpoint of our initial guidance range to be slightly above the current consensus estimate of $17.18. Before I open up the line for questions, I also wanted to announce that we plan to host an Investor Day on March 19, 2019 in New York City. Please save the date. With that, we will open up the lines for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, everybody. Maybe following up on those comments just made about Medicare Advantage growth. A quick back-on-the-envelope would suggest that you're thinking your individual business will grow 8% to 10% next year. I wonder if you could put that in perspective with you think that's an in line with the market growth, better than the market growth, if I calculated that, right. And then secondarily on the MA comment, I think a lot of your outperformance this year has been in the MA margin area. And I guess if you're saying you won't quite get to the 4.5% to 5% target next year, is that  are you sort of close to that now, given the outperformance you've seen and expect  whatever you expect for fourth quarter? Or what does the year-to-year trend look like on margin?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Well, good morning, A.J. As it relates to market growth, let me just provide a little context of how we view the market. This year being 2018, we expect the market to grow in, call it, the 7-plus percent range, maybe 7.5%. We'll see where it ends up. Again, I'm talking on the individual MA side. For 2018, it's conceivable that goes up modestly. We'll see where that ends. The reality is we don't have a lot of market data just yet. We have anecdotal data that suggest that we are taking market share from our competitors. And so the, call it, 8-plus percent to 10% growth that you cited, we do believe that that is a performance above market. We'll see where that goes. And obviously, we'll also see where we end up on our AEP results and our rest-of-year results. It's still very early. We feel very good about the 250,000 to 300,000 member target that we put out. And obviously, we're working hard to drive growth above that range. I would say on the margin side, again, without providing specifics on our margin, we remain, notwithstanding the significant outperformance this year, significantly below our 4.5% to 5% margin target in 2018. I mean, it's important to remember the context of that initial margin guide that we gave. We had a number of headwinds, including the HIF coming back, a difficult flu season, the fact that we actually grew faster than we initially anticipated, and as I said, the significant Tax Reform investments, which we reinvested in our associates and in our communities and in the integrated care delivery model. So we do expect to make nice margin improvement in 2019 off that 2018 base, which, as you indicated, is coming in above our initial guidance, but we still do expect to be below that target for 2019.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next caller, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. Yeah. Following up on the MA margin question, where would you see the medical loss ratio on a normalized basis? I guess, from the revenue side next year, you're getting  your Star ratings are solid for 2019 and the risk floating rate looks great. Why is it that the loss ratio couldn't go down? Are you coming up against some MLR floor barriers or is it something else that's holding it back?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Look, there's obviously always opportunity to continue to push the MER better. But as we think about the world, we really think about it in pre-tax margin terms because there's a lot of levers that we pull between the medical costs and then the operating costs. And as you know from coming into 2018, we spent a significant amount of effort across the company trying to drive down that admin spend. And we took out many hundreds of millions of dollars this year to fund that benefit design. And so I'd rather not comment specifically on the components between MER and AER. I would just reiterate our long-term margin target, which we're focusing in ultimately getting back to.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: And then, again, related to this long-term target, where do you see your operating cost ratio? On a consolidated basis, it's still in the low teens and there should be at least leverage there as you're doing your business. And then, on the  secondly on the value-based care, when you report your employed physicians and this partial risk and full risk, they looks like they're not changing much. So what are the trend benders that you're driving for a lower or improved medical cost structure at this point?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: So I'll point you back to the comments I just made on the various ratios. The only thing I would say on the operating cost ratio is that we continue to work on productivity initiatives, on process transformation across the enterprise to drive costs out of the system. It's I think really become part of the DNA of this organization that every year we're going to get better and better and drive productivity. If you look at our administrative costs on an apples-to-apples basis, if you adjust for mix, adjust for the health insurance fee, you'll see a pretty dramatic reduction year-over-year, again, taking into account also Tax Reform. You want to take, yeah.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Good morning, Ana. On the value-based question you had, what you're seeing is as much about the amount of physicians that are in value-based payments versus the quality. And what we've seen over the last few years is really our focus on improving where providers are being in the surplus and they're actually making more money off of the value-based payments. And that has been our orientation versus the volume, Ana. We don't report the surplus, but you would see, if we did a significant improvement in the number of providers that are in surplus payments.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Helpful color. Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thanks.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch from BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Could you just talk about  I know you stressed stronger broker outreach as a factor driving the results that you're seeing in open enrollment. How much of that has to do with maybe catching up to, if that's the right way to put it, the compensation that maybe some of your competitors have been offering? And where do you see that broker compensation going as a competitive factor?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Hey, Matt. Good morning.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: It's less about compensation. I think most of our competitors really pay the CMS max levels, that's typical across the industry. It's really about the support that you provide them. And really, we think about support in two buckets. One is the tools they have to interact with us and how easy is it to engage with us digitally as well as in other forms. So that when they try to understand the nature of their book, how they're doing, enrolling members who might have started an online application and how easy is it to finish, how easy is it to track, how they're doing from a results perspective, how quickly do we respond to requests that they need and support that they need, and then there's also marketing dollars and putting muscle behind that so that when they're out trying to drum up sales and leads, we're there supporting them. And then, there's the intangible element of a relationship where our Medicare leadership has done a wonderful job of driving those relationships. I think there's a personal bond there, which is very important in that business. And so I think when you look across the range of levers we can pull to drive those relationships, they've improved meaningfully. Part of it's a catch-up I would say because I think we were damaged, as we've said, by the Aetna transaction with the brokers, but I think we've more than made up for it.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's great. If I could just ask one more. I think you alluded to some negative skew in the commercial fully-insured group risk pool that's resulting from healthier groups migrating to self-funding or quasi self-funding options. There is a potential for that to spiral, particularly if there's traction on the association health plans on the low end of the group side. What's your outlook there?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Well, I think what you're saying is right. I mean, if you're particularly a healthy group and you're in a community-rated pool, you may not be getting the best rate. And so, we have seen a material uptick in our sales of what we call our ASO level-funded products, which is effectively self-funding with a stop-loss wrap to give them out-of-the-money protection in the event that the health care costs spike. We've seen that be particularly compelling. It's still too early really to comment on the association health plans. We'll see where those go, but we're actually quite bullish on this level-funded product and we've seen significant growth there. And it also, we think, plays to our strengths, which is our ability to understand risk and price it accordingly. So we're actually pretty bullish on that move.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Thank you.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please? And as a reminder, please try to limit yourselves to one question.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I'll do my one question in a couple of parts here, I apologize. First, on your membership guidance, do you expect the 80% to 90% of that individual growth to come during open enrollment, similar to what we've seen during the last few years? Or would those 5-star plans skew this a bit? And then, how does your retention rate assumption look for 2019 versus what you saw in 2018? And then just lastly, can you tell us what the HIF benefit is to the earnings number implied in guidance? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. That was impressive. There are three questions.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Way to get in three.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: All right. In order. On the AEP/rest-of-year mix, we've generally assumed a similar mix in our budgets here in the forecast we gave. To the extent that the 5-star plan really takes off and with our value prop being pretty strong, hopefully we can exceed that, but I think it's prudent to assume a similar AEP, what we call, ROY, AEP/ROY mix, and we'll see where that ultimately goes. I wouldn't underestimate the importance of the 5-star contract, particularly being in Florida and Tennessee, these are markets where we have important risk relationships with our providers. They're very high-performing markets for us and there's obviously a lot of opportunity in those markets. So we're particularly excited about achieving 5-stars there. We'll see how that manifests itself into higher growth. On the retention rate, broadly, we've assumed a similar retention rate as we did in 2018. There are some tweaks here and there, but I'd say in the ballpark of similar. So as I said in my remarks, it's still pretty early on the retention side because typically, terms lag sales, and you don't really learn about a term until you hear from the other carrier that someone signed up there. So it takes a little longer to process. So we think we've done the appropriate thing and assume a largely consistent retention rate. With regard to the HIF, I'd rather not break out the HIF versus the other components. As we've said in multiple contexts, we really think about all the financial levers as one pool of dollars that we look to allocate out between growing benefits and helping our members in achieving growth as well as driving margin. So I'd rather not piece that out separately.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I applaud your goals of spreading the tailwinds between stronger earnings and better member benefits and maybe employee incentive compensation. There's perhaps a fourth bucket of higher spending that's perhaps something you can only do next year that you can get away from in 2020 without some adverse consequence if the HIF comes back in 2020. What is your plan for if the HIF comes back in 2020?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I would say, Peter, that it would be consistent with what we did this year and continue to focus on the improved productivity. I would probably disagree a little bit. We look at our spending in a pretty cautious fashion every year and I wouldn't say next year just because we have headwind  I mean tailwinds that we would be overinvesting. I think we continue to look at how we can improve margin and improve productivity in the company and at the same time, drive a customer value proposition that is competitive in the marketplace. So I recognize that the HIF is always a challenge to predict, but we as an organization look at that as a way to approach that would be continue to drive our productivity up.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So if the HIF comes back in 2020, which of the other buckets then would you squeeze back? Would it be earnings? Would it be member benefits? What exactly would you squeeze?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. I mean we continue to maintain committed to improving our margin growing at a market rate that is between 11% and 15% level, our earnings per share growth rate, and at the same time continuing to be committed to our value proposition in the marketplace. And every year, we are constantly trying to find that ability to meet all three of those. And I would consider 2020 no different than any other year that we have.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. I just wanted to go to the Part D losses that you're expecting for next year. I guess you've seen kind of an erosion of your market-leading position in the last couple of years. I mean, how important is it to have that position? I guess, A, is there anything that you can do to move back into being a low-cost plan in those markets? And then, B, does that have a secondary effect on your Medicare business, because I guess one of the benefits that you give away in Medicare Advantage is a cheap Part D plan. So to the extent that you no longer have that advantage on Part D, does that hurt your growth outlook?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I'll start and then I'll look to Brian to add commentary. I would say that, first, you just see the organization continuing to focus on pricing discipline here, and we've done this in other times when we see the market getting a little astray. We did it in group a few years ago. You see it now in PDP. You see it in group commercial where we just don't want to follow the market down. And the consequence is that we're going to lose membership. What we do see is both because of our brand and commitment to our service levels that we do see a higher conversion from Part D to Medicare Advantage and the success of that, and we continue to believe that. Now, keep in mind, this is on a 5 million membership base. So as we talk about 500,000, it's large, but it's still an absolute, as a percentage, is not catastrophic by no means. In meeting the future growth rate, we'll continue to be price disciplined in the marketplace. We'll continue to focus on our service levels. And at times, we might add other components to the program. But I would say that you will continue to see us wait this through because we don't think that the market can continue to offer the pricing that's in the marketplace and continue to have a sustainable product. And I think we're just going to wait this through and see what happens at the other end. Brian, do you have any other comment to make?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: No, I think that's good.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. So LabCorp recently talked about their growth strategy being linked to locating their 600 labs and Walgreens expansions in the same locations that has clinical assets or primary care or urgent care. And I know it's early in the Kansas City rollout, but can you talk about any results in increased foot traffic or level of consumer interactions with the information booth that you've seen that could influence your decision to expand the JV realistically? How quickly could that happen? And do you have any data that helps you frame up what an incremental touch point with a potential MA customer could mean to influencing their future buying decisions to buy Humana's MA plan? Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yes. I think first thing that we've seen is that the convenience of the store is highly appreciative. We've seen that the traffic that goes into these particular clinics is more  has increased as a result of the location and just the branding of it. And so we find that just in its initial opening. And keep in mind, it's been open only about three weeks now, so we're very early in it. The second thing we do see is that, as a result of that increased interest, we do see Humana being more discussed as both from a health plan point of view, but also from just a primary care clinic point of view. So we are very positive and excited about the exposure it provides. And then in addition, we find that it does offer another opportunity for the Retail side where they've seen increased urgent care visits in the back of the store. The last thing that we've seen in early part is the fact that we are influencing people's health. We've seen similar stories as what I articulated on the call of being able to help people with financial needs and financing and getting support for their prescriptions. We've also seen the area in being able to help them and understand their benefits. And then in addition, in some of health areas, we've been able to influence their health decisions along with prescription management. And so we've seen the other areas of supporting the individual as being very positive. So, to summarize it, great exposure, we see more foot traffic. We see engagement being greater as a result of our health coaches being there. And then in addition, I think the Retail side is seeing some benefit as a result of that, both in the urgent care area, but I think in general part of the store.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: So it sounds like all positives there in such a short period. How should we think about the framework for your evaluation of deciding to expand it and how long that process could take to make that decision?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. I think we have a great relationship with both Walmart and Walgreens and we'll continue to build on that relationship. I suspect that we will do some other stores before we conclude on this particular offering as a result of the initial indication and the learnings from this. And I think being able to do a few more stores will also give us the confidence in being able to scale it.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Questions around Medicare Advantage and the outlook for next year. Strong growth. It sounds like you're expecting to be slightly above industry. And so I'm curious what you're seeing from the competition. You've gotten to look at sort of competitor plan design, et cetera. So is your expectation  it sounds like retention is the same, that you're taking share from competitors? Has there been a change in that competitive landscape? Or is this still really, no, we're just going to continue to take share as an industry from fee-for-service?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, I think what we've seen  again, it's anecdotal and it's really hard to say because we don't have true industry data, but the broker chatter that we hear is that we are taking share from our competitors. So our sales being nicely above  in some cases, meaningfully above our existing market share. But, again, it's way too early to make that this positive because we just don't know where the industry is, and we obviously don't have visibility on all the sales that are occurring. But the early indicators are positive, that we're taking share.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: So I guess the follow-up to that is, does that make it sound like you're not seeing a competitive response or a change in the market that you find troublesome? You're not seeing new competition or more aggressive change in benefits from competitors or anything like that. It sounds like it's more manageable in your mind.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes, I think so. I mean, I would say it's a local market phenomena. We see in certain markets that there are certain players who tend to be quite aggressive and then there are other markets where it tends to be more rational. Frankly, you see that every year that there are some people who want to make a bet on a particular market for various reasons. And so I wouldn't say we've seen any difference in terms of rationality of pricing this year. Clearly, there's a lot of additional money coming from the health insurance fee being on holiday and some of the Rate Notice and other things. And so I think as an industry, benefits have improved. And I think it goes to the importance of the health insurance fee for our beneficiaries. And so from that perspective we have seen increased benefits, but I wouldn't say there's been anything irrational with some exceptions in certain markets. But that's really par for the course.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for all the helpful color. One question I guess on just cost trend. I guess it's probably fair to assume it's been decelerating and maybe even more recently. Hoping to kind of get some color there, maybe confirm that. And the other part of that is really just understanding what was assumed for trend in your bids for next year and kind of baked into the initial earnings outlook.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. I would say on the trend side, it's really consistent with what we've talked about the last few quarters in terms of this shift from inpatient to outpatient, that hasn't let up. We continue to see that. I would just say on 2019 trend, we try to be very prudent about the numbers we put in our bids, and so  but I'd rather not comment beyond that. We've obviously reflected what we've seen this year into the 2019 experience.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Hi, there. Good morning. It's Dave Styblo in for Dave Windley. I had a question about 2020 looking ahead. We estimate that the Stars there will increase your bonus of those  in the bonus by about 10 points to 84%. Obviously, knowing rates is going to be important part of your view on 2020, but curious if the increased visibility on Stars there helps provide confidence that you could return to your target margin of 4.5% to 5% by that point.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, I think the Stars results obviously are very positive and I think indicative, as Bruce said in his remarks, of the quality focus that our organization has. And I think really, the great effort of the Stars team and working again across businesses and across silos and departments to drive a great result for our members, which manifest itself in better Stars. I think what you said is really important, obviously, in terms of where the Rate Notice ultimately shakes out and what happens with the health insurance fee. Those are really important factors as we think about what our 2020 ultimate bidding strategy will be and what that means for margin. So we're not prepared today to give 2020 guidance. We're just giving indicators of 2019, so we'll have to stay tuned for that. But I would just say, as Bruce said earlier in the call, that we're obviously very mindful of all the commitments that we have and goals that we have to drive both growth and margin.
David Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, Bruce and Brian. Thanks for taking the question. Bruce the color on all of Humana's enhanced benefit design for individual MA for 2019 was definitely helpful when you provided that earlier. This was kind of touched on a little bit, but I guess I had somewhat of a similar question around, do you think you're unique among individual MA players in moving the needle as much as you did with the enhanced MA benefits for 2019? I guess, what I'm really trying to get at is maybe just to phrase it slightly differently. I mean, would you characterize 2019 as more of a go for the gold type year for Humana regarding attempted individual MA membership growth? Or do you view 2019 as more business as usual with the levers that you're pulling to drive membership growth for next year?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. I would characterize it as more business as usual. I think one of the reasons why you see such improvement in benefits is because we, I think as an industry, have invested back into the benefits both to be competitive but a number of things like HIF that should be included in the benefits. So I think you've just seen the continued belief that the areas that we can improve in whether it's our medical costs trend or in addition, the rate increases, or for that matter, the tax benefits that we've received. We'll be mindful about margin, but at the same time be mindful of being competitive in the marketplace. I think if you were to compare our benefits on a (00:52:56) value, you will see us be fairly competitive, but not be the cheapest. We've always tried to maintain to be at a level in the industry where we are in the tier to be selected, but not to be the cheapest in the marketplace. We feel our brand, our service and our longevity of stable benefits has always served us well over time, and we continue to see that being the case. The last thing I think is, over the last two years, we've invested in the benefits to overcome some of the deterioration that was taking place in the 2015, 2016 timeframe, especially during the Aetna transaction, and I think a little bit of last year was catch-up. This year put us in a competitive area, but I really would emphasize its competitiveness, but not overzealous.
Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate the extra color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Newshel from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. I have a question on the recent proposal on MA policy changes for 2020. So if CMS finalizes its decision to extrapolate the RADV Audits without a fee-for-service adjuster, would there be any impact on what you've already reserved for to settle past audits? And also, would there be any noticeable impact on booking of revenues on an ongoing basis?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. I would just say that we're still reviewing the proposed rule, but we believe the proposal does not satisfy actuarial equivalence as required under the Medicare statute. And again, it's a proposed rule and we certainly plan to comment. But as we've said before, we feel very confident around our practices in this area. And I would just leave it at that.
Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. You mentioned before that, starting next year, a number of your members will have reduced premiums or $0 policies. And I think in one spot, you talked about a number of your members will have $0 pharmacy deductibles. Can you talk about when you go to that kind of a structure, what kind of changes do you make in formulary to control costs? And are any of those things able to help maybe stem the tide in your PDP book? And is there sort of a steady state in terms of membership there we should be thinking about as you model out to the future? Or should we continue to think about maybe a slow gradual decline and think of it more as a maybe some shift into your MA products as that. Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Well, I'd sort of differentiate as two separate questions, one on formulary. I would say, we're very thoughtful on formulary. And obviously, there are a number of drugs that are protected and therefore they have to be covered. Others where we have the ability to incent one drug over the other, we use that as a way to what we call drive a trend bender and effectively get a better rate from the manufacturer, which we can pass back in the form of better benefits. And so I would say we're very thoughtful around our formulary approach. And we spend a lot of time on, obviously, ensuring that our members get the coverage that they need and us doing it in the most efficient and costly way possible. As it relates to PDP formulary is obviously a part of that. There's a whole host of things that go into PDP. As Bruce said, what we've seen is some aggressive pricing on the PDP side that we haven't been willing to chase. We think there is some cross-subsidization going on potentially, with we think, with some of the retailers there to drive people into the store that perhaps gives them a different perspective than we might have. We do view PDP as a pipeline into MA. That was a percentage of our MA sales. It's still relatively small, but it's still an opportunity that we see as potentially exciting. And I would say, going forward, we're certainly not surrendering the PDP market by any means. We're going to have to be innovative and differentiated. I think if you look back several years, we basically pioneered the low-price product through the Walmart plan. And that was really a revolutionary product in the industry that allowed us to get a number one market share, and our relationship with Walmart has been very strong. And so we got to continue to innovate and provide perhaps different kinds of benefits to our members and think through what will appeal to them going forward. But we're just going to be thoughtful going forward. We're not going to chase price, but we also want to grow the PDP business ultimately.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And similar to all our plans or all our plans, we're very conscious about having a balanced customer base that is from a condition point of view. And so when we think about it, we also think about it just from the type of customers we would attract to ensure that it has its proper pricing there. So in this particular case, we're not concerned about adverse selection.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. You guys had previously cited the 2018 Budget Act as a possible catalyst to potentially seek a Medicaid platform, basically given your desire to participate in SNP growth and the requirement to have long term  or capitated Medicaid contracts in order to participate in SNP beyond 2021. Do you think the final rule still requires that? There was this sort of provision about if you didn't have state-capitated contracts on the Medicaid side is you could do some notification around high-risk populations, so basically sort of implying providing data to the state would satisfy the integration requirement. Does that change your view on contemplating a deeper move into Medicaid?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I think just in general, just to reconfirm our interest and continued growth in Medicaid, and it continues to be high as we believe and have continue to believe over the years that the dual population being highly chronic in the senior population and disability is a great market for us to serve with our clinical programs. We continue to believe that our organic capabilities, as proven by Florida and some other states that we've won, is very, very competitive and we will continue to do that. At the same time, we will continue to add our capabilities, and specifically in the procurement process, in areas and states that we feel is complementary to the existing membership we have and continue to be on the look out there. Specific to your question on the proposed rules that are being made, we do feel it provides more clarity around what the rules are and specifically that the state does not dictate of what a D-SNP plan is required that we would have more flexibility in offering D-SNP or related planning. And I think that clarity gives us more confidence that in certain states that we'll continue to be offering a D-SNP plan without having that procurement of the Medicaid side. But that doesn't deter us from still focusing on the Medicaid and continuing to focus on winning contracts both organically and when necessary and if  in the appropriate time be acquiring a Medicaid platform.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at the moment. Mr. Bruce Broussard, please continue for your closing remarks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Well, like always, we thank everyone's support and investing and the confidence in the company. So thank you very much. And on behalf of the management team, we want to thank our 60,000 people that every day go to work to help support our members and the great job that they do. So thank you very much. And everyone have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for joining. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc. Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc. Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Zachary Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Poly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2018 results and our financial outlook for the full-year. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our second quarter 2018 earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.96 for the second quarter of 2018 and raised our full year 2018 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $14.15, primarily reflecting continued strong Medicare Advantage results. Over the last year, we've continued to make significant advancements in our enterprise strategy particularly in the past few months as demonstrated by our recent investments in both Kindred at Home and Curo Health Services. With a continued focus on helping seniors achieve their best health, we are striving to reshape healthcare by expanding access to high quality value-based care in both primary care and home health. Driving quality and improved clinical outcomes remains a top priority as it is removing friction points by simplifying both the consumer and provider experiences through enhanced analytics. As you will see from our results and key metrics that we haven't ceased our focus on the day-to-day activities that drives consumer engagement. In primary care, we've had a busy first half of 2018 with the launch of Conviva, the acquisition of Orlando-based Family Physicians Group and continued growth with Iora, Oak Street and other alliance primary care partners. We remain payer-agnostic and as an example are proud to be continuing to serve third-party customers of FPG. This multifaceted approach to primary care enhances our ability to bring differentiated integrated care to more seniors more quick and gives us the flexibility to tailor our approach based on the differing needs of each local market. And as you know, last month, we announced a test and learn opportunity with Walgreens in Kansas City where we are co-locating our wholly-owned Partners in Primary Care clinics in two locations and co-creating with Walgreens health navigation services for seniors starting in five locations this fall. Conviva manages the clinical operations in 110 staff model centers and also provides MSO services to more than 800 independent physicians in South Florida and Texas. Since announcing the creation of Conviva in February, the team has successfully combined the South Florida and Texas provider operations including MCCI, and created a new organizational structure aligned around the goals of improving quality outcomes by integrating care, and simplifying the patient experience. In addition to managing the staff model centers and providing MSO services, Conviva is one of the largest physician practices in the South, employing over 400 clinicians and caring for approximately 200,000 Medicare Advantage patients. Conviva is a physician-centric organization that is self-governed and clinically autonomous. This group is driving cultural change through peer-to-peer accountability and reviving entrepreneurial spirit. Physician retention, recruitment, and patient quality measures are all trending in the positive direction. Over the next 12 months to 18 months, we will rebrand the staff model clinics as Conviva care centers. We're always looking for partners to work with us to advance our strategy and are routinely engaged in discussions with a variety of potential partners. The collaboration with Walgreens in Kansas City is evidence of our commitment to advancing integrated care. This collaboration will establish a senior focus, neighborhood based approach to health, creating unique integration among the primary care physician, the pharmacist, and a health plan navigator under one roof. The two in-store clinics will be complemented by health navigation services offered in multiple Walgreens stores in Kansas City, expanding our reach in the community. They will be staffed with Humana employees who will be available to serve both Humana members and any customer who comes into the store. The staff will help customers navigate their personal health journeys including basic health information such as one-on-one education sessions on chronic health conditions and answers to simple questions like how to change your batteries in a monitor (7:32); or identifying local resources to support customers' holistic health needs including access to healthy food, grief counseling groups, transportation, and translation services; or helping finding assistance with financing their health needs, including, for example, counseling and support to switch to lower cost alternatives. In addition, they will offer special services for Humana members who need help with their Medicare Advantage or prescription drug plans, including finding local specialists, understanding bills and resolving customer service issues. With Walgreens, we also extend this integration through an omni-channel approach, including robust digital enhancement  engagement with the goal of increasing transparency, reducing friction in the experience and driving improved health. The partnership with Walgreens will allow us to test a retail strategy with a highly efficient capital investment. As we learned from this partnership, we could look to expand our collaboration into other markets over time. Turning to Home, we recently announced the completion of the acquisition of a 40% interest in each of Kindred at Home and Curo Health Services, collectively the largest home health and hospice operator in the nation. As we previously indicated, we are striving to do something that has never been done before in home health, transform the payment model into one that is value-based, encouraging a transition from a maximizing volume to focusing on health and managing chronic conditions such as COPD, congestive heart failure and diabetes to prevent or slow disease progression. This movement to value-based care and away from a predominantly therapy-based model is aligned with the recent CMS proposal for changes to the home health payment methodology, which was anticipated when we entered into the transaction. In that regard, we appreciate the model proposed by CMS and welcome change that aligns home health with pay-for-value and improved clinical outcomes, reducing preventable events. While the ultimate transformation will take many years, upon closing of the transaction we immediately launched test-and-learn pilots aimed at both operationally and clinical improvements in four markets: Richmond, Virginia; Charlotte, North Carolina; Virginia Beach, Virginia; and Dallas, Texas. These pilots incorporate a pay-for-value mechanism in addition to the traditional fee-for-service payment based on four quality measures: hospital admissions; hospital readmissions within 30 days; emergency room visits without hospitalization; and timely initiation of home care, specifically within 48 hours of referral or an MD order. In addition in order to create a differentiated home health model, we have the opportunity to reap the richness of Humana at Home telephonic and at home engagements as well as Humana Pharmacy resources into the skilled nursing provided by Kindred at Home clinicians. Over the next year, we plan to leverage Humana predictive modeling to identify additional clinical interventions, integrate Humana Pharmacy resources to conduct comprehensive medication reviews and extend our care management best practices from Humana at Home into the Kindred at Home homecare environment. We will also reduce friction in the authorization process to ensure Kindred professionals are in the home within 48 hours of a referral or supplement the ordering physician through telehealth with a virtual MD to expedite the delivery of care. We expect the changes we are making in the home health space will not only benefit our Medicare Advantage members, but also our Medicaid members over time. The continued development of our in-home capabilities together with our demonstrated clinical capabilities in Medicare Advantage uniquely position us to serve the Medicaid population, giving us confidence that we'll be successful in growing our Medicare platform through procurements. Under our recent statewide award in Florida, we expect to serve an additional 141,000 members, an increase of 44% from our existing Medicaid membership. The Florida contract was awarded based upon the ability of plans to achieve the Medicaid agency's goals. These goals included creating enhanced provider and member experience, the ability to reduce preventable inpatient and outpatient events, high quality scores, innovative and effective methods to deliver integrated care and integration with the community in support of Medicaid beneficiaries. We've been successful in achieving strong results across these areas by leveraging the capabilities that have positioned us as a top Medicare Advantage plan including our capabilities in chronic condition management, integrated care delivery, value-based provider relationships, and community programs designed to address social determinants of health such as food insecurity and social isolation. While we are confident in our capabilities and expect to be successful in the procurement process consistent with our previous remarks, we will continue to assess length of time to scale and potential barriers to entry at the state level while considering potential M&A opportunities in the Medicaid space. Before turning the call over to Brian, I'd like to touch on 2019 Medicare Advantage bids. As you know, the bid process is not yet final and accordingly, I will keep my remarks brief. The positive Rate Notice from CMS as well as the health insurer fee moratorium for 2019, among other factors, allow us to offer compelling products to our members for the 2019 benefit year. Nearly all of our members have stable or enhanced benefits. In addition, we've continued our broker outreach to cultivate an excitement about our products and processes in the broker community. This year, we've rolled out significantly improved agent assistance and enrollment tools in one of the largest broker experience enhancement cycles we have ever undertaken. We look forward to further discussion on our third quarter earnings call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $3.96 for the second quarter, ahead of our previous expectations. We continue to see favorable medical utilization trends particularly in our Retail segment. To reflect this better than expected utilization, we are raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $14.15 from our previous guidance of $13.70 to $14.10. We expect third quarter adjusted EPS to approximate 31% of the full year number. I will now comment on our individual segment level performance. In Retail, led by individual Medicare Advantage, we are seeing inpatient admissions as well as pharmacy utilization running better than our previous expectations, partially offset by higher than expected outpatient utilizations  utilization as members transition from the inpatient to outpatient setting for some of their care. Specifically, we are witnessing a notable decline in inpatient admissions relative to both last year as well as our initial expectations. Consistent with the early indicators we saw last quarter, this inpatient admission favorability is resulting in a higher cost per inpatient admission as the lower acuity procedures are moving to the outpatient setting or are classified as lower cost outpatient observations. Importantly, a major operational focus of the company has been to ensure that a member who is in the hospital setting is appropriately classified. And as such, we have seen a significant increase in lower cost observations versus higher cost inpatient admissions. We continue to work with our hospital partners to ensure appropriate reimbursement for any procedure undertaken. Additionally, CMS' removal of certain procedures from the protected inpatient-only list such as knee replacement surgeries has also caused a movement from the inpatient to the lower cost outpatient setting. In summary, while it's still early with Medicare Advantage claims data only effectively complete through the first quarter at this point in the year, we feel good about the overall medical utilization trends we are experiencing, but have carried only a portion of that favorability through to the rest of the year in our guidance. Accordingly, we raised our full year Retail segment pre-tax income guidance to a range of $1.525 billion to $1.675 billion from a range of $1.45 billion to $1.61 billion and lowered our benefit ratio to a range of 85.1% to 86% from our previous guidance range of 85.2% to 86.2%. Turning to Group and Specialty, the segment continues to perform well overall. We raised our revenue guidance by approximately $100 million to reflect higher sales of our profitable level funded ASO small group, as well as individual dental specialty products with TRICARE results also outperforming, particularly as a result of higher than expected positive final settlements from the prior contract. This was offset in the quarter by the performance of our community rated small group fully insured product as a result of the 2017 risk adjustment true-up, which I will discuss shortly. We remain comfortably within our expectations around core health trend of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points and our pre-tax income guidance remains unchanged for the year. While healthcare trend remains well controlled, the second quarter medical benefit ratio is higher than last year's as expected. This is due to more seasonality in this year's quarter, lower PPD, which we saw come disproportionately in the first quarter of this year versus last, and the migration of healthier small groups from small group fully insured plans to level funded ASO products in 2018. Our level funded ASO products are appealing to healthier groups, who prefer to avoid the higher priced community rated pool and this also provides a more predictable profit stream for us. In fact, over the last 18 months, we have seen over 58,000 members move from small group fully insured products to level funded ASO products. This bifurcation of the membership leaves the less healthy groups in the fully insured block negatively impacting that benefit ratio. In addition, as mentioned previously, the second quarter 2018 reflects the impact of a change in estimate related to commercial risk adjustment as a result of the final risk adjustment notice received in June of this year for the 2017 coverage year. Our 2017 risk adjustment payment was approximately $20 million unfavorable relative to our expectation and this also impacted the 2018 accrual. It is important to note that while the amounts are immaterial for the segment and especially to the company overall, because small group comprises a disproportionate amount of the premium in this segment given the relatively lower amount of large group business that Humana has any change in risk adjustment results in a more meaningful benefit ratio impact than otherwise would be expected. This new estimate for commercial risk adjustment coupled with the impact of certain reinsurance agreements we entered into during the quarter resulted in an 80 basis point increase in our Group and Specialty segment benefit ratio for the full year to a range of 78.3% to 78.8%. As I will discuss further later in my remarks in connection with the expected sale of our closed long-term care business, we entered into a series of reinsurance agreements to fully cede our Workplace Voluntary Benefit and Financial Protection Products. These reinsurance transactions have a de minimis impact on pre-tax for the back half of the year but disproportionately impact the benefit ratio because these products carry a very low benefit ratio and higher admin ratio. Shifting to the Healthcare Services segment, our performance this quarter was consistent with prior expectations. The provider in clinical businesses are performing largely as expected. On the pharmacy side, we are experiencing lower than anticipated utilization overall consistent with our discussion in the Retail segment. However, this lower utilization has been offset by higher than anticipated mail order penetration specifically in our Medicare Advantage business resulting in overall pharmacy results in line with our prior expectations. We are however making a change to how we present the Healthcare Services segment to our investors to enhance transparency into our results. First, our previous segment pre-tax income guidance include the pre-tax results of Kindred at Home. As we approach the July closing of the transaction, we determined that the most appropriate way to show Kindred was to break it out separately and show the after tax Kindred results which will be consistent with what is shown on the face of our income statement. Accordingly, we removed the Kindred results from our pre-tax income guidance for the segment and are therefore now guiding to full year 2018 Healthcare Services pre-tax segment earnings of $800 million to $850 million excluding Kindred as compared to our previous guidance of $825 million to $875 million including Kindred. Second, as we continue to expand and evolve the Healthcare Services segment businesses, we have concluded that the most appropriate way to measure and discuss the financial performance of these businesses is through adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or adjusted EBITDA rather than pre-tax income. The recent acquisitions of Kindred at Home and Curo Health Services together with the company's evolving care delivery model and the creation of Conviva result in higher levels of amortization, depreciation and interest expense that distort and mask the true performance of the underlying businesses when assessed on a pre-tax basis. Further, we believe that adjusted EBITDA is the relevant measure used to value and assess performance for other services businesses in the industry. As a result, we are transitioning our financial reporting for Healthcare Services to focus on adjusted EBITDA performance moving forward. In our earnings press release, we included a bridge between pre-tax income and adjusted EBITDA. Our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance is approximately $1.025 billion to $1.075 billion which includes 40% of Kindred at Home's expected EBITDA in the second half of the year which corresponds to our ownership stake in the company. Specifically, we have added back $225 million of segment depreciation and amortization as well as the 40% of Kindred's second half EBITDA to a pre-tax guidance to arrive at our adjusted EBITDA guidance. Beginning with our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call, our intent is to provide Healthcare Services guidance on an adjusted EBITDA basis only. I will now turn to an update on our long-term care sales process. We are very pleased to report that we have made substantial progress towards receiving the State Departments of insurance approvals necessary to complete the sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary, KMG America Corporation, which includes our closed block of non-strategic commercial long-term care insurance policies to Continental General Insurance Company. Accordingly, during the second quarter, we recognized a pre-tax loss on the expected sale of $790 million including transaction costs and recorded an associated deferred tax benefit of $430 million for a net impact of $2.59. Importantly, this tax benefit will result in meaningful cash savings to the company and is greater than the sum total of the statutory capital and negative purchase price transferred to the buyer. We also classify KMG as held-for-sale and aggregated its assets and liabilities separately on the balance sheet at June 30, 2018. The loss on the expected sale of the non-strategic closed block has been excluded from our adjusted earnings. In addition, in connection with the expected KMG divestiture, during the second quarter, we entered into a series of reinsurance agreements to fully cede our Workplace Voluntary Benefit and financial protection products to ManhattanLife Assurance Company of America. These products were previously reported as supplemental benefit offerings in the Group and Specialty segment and are expected to result in a reduction in our specialty membership of approximately 450,000 members for the full year, approximately 430,000, of which were ceded during the second quarter. In addition, in connection with the reinsurance transactions, we expect to transfer a total of approximately $245 million of subsidiary cash along with the related reserves to ManhattanLife, $230 million of which was transferred during the second quarter of 2018. This transfer of cash had no impact on cash and short-term investments held at the parent company. These reinsurance transactions did, however, result in the transfer of cash being classified as an operating cash outflow that was not previously contemplated in our operating cash flow guidance. However, we only reduced our operating cash flow guidance for the year and at December 31, 2018 by approximately $100 million to $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion reflecting the outperformance of our business. Needless to say once these transactions are completed, we will no longer have any balance sheet, income statement, or cash flow exposure to these non-core businesses. With regard to capital deployment activity more broadly as expected, subsidiary dividends paid to the parent in the second quarter were approximately $1.95 billion. This represents an increase of over $500 million from what we received for the full year 2017, primarily reflecting higher regulated subsidiary earnings in 2017 relative to 2016. Additionally, in July, we completed the Kindred and Curo transactions utilizing approximately $1.1 billion in parent cash on a combined basis. Before I close, I would like to echo Bruce's comments regarding what we believe are our compelling Medicare Advantage product offerings for 2019 and reiterate our intent to drive meaningful EPS growth of a new baseline of $14.15 in excess of our long-term target of 11% to 15%. I will now briefly discuss our 2019 headwinds and tailwinds. As far as headwinds are concerned, we expect that our PDP membership will decline given the competitive nature of the industry and the price discipline we are employing. This has the impact of constraining the growth of our pharmacy business, which will therefore rely on Medicare Advantage membership growth and improved productivity to fuel its results. We also expect lower TRICARE profits in our Group and Specialty segment given that the positive final settlements received in 2018 associated with the previous TRICARE contract will not recur in 2019. Our 2019 tailwinds, which are significant, include the positive Medicare Rate Notice, the HIF moratorium, the continued solitary impacts of tax reform, our incremental membership from the statewide Florida Medicare -- Medicaid contract award and our general Medicare business momentum. In addition, we expect reasonable adjusted EBITDA growth in our Healthcare Services segment as the Kindred results are annualized and our other businesses in the segment particularly our owned clinics improve. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I guess maybe just following up on that 2019 commentary there, I mean if you could just provide a little more color to what you've already provided around how you thought about 2019 bids as far as thinking about getting to that target margin versus growing membership.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. So as we've said, we've continually taken a balanced approach to growth and margin. We've said very clearly and we'll reiterate today that we're going to make meaningful progress on our margin targets towards our target of 4.5% to 5% on a pre-tax basis. We won't get there next year, but as I said, we will make meaningful progress. But we also believe we put a compelling product out on the street. We believe our -- both our internal and external broker sales force are excited about the products that we plan to offer. And we feel good about our growth prospects for 2019.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Can I just follow up on that because I guess every company is talking about some of the same tailwinds as far as good rate update and HIF going away. And so it seems like everyone's talking as if everyone's going to grow above average next year. I mean how do you think about what differentiates what you're able to put out in the product into the market versus what everyone else is doing. Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Well, I understand that it is obviously a competitive marketplace and people want to grow. This is a very attractive segment. We have a lot of capabilities in this area that we've articulated many times in terms of our clinical programs and capabilities that allow us to offer we think a very compelling product to our members. And our members are going to see reduced premiums. They're going to see lower maximum out of pockets. They're going to see better co-pays. I think the product that we're putting out on the street is going to be compelling and we'll see obviously where the competition comes in. We don't really have clear visibility on that yet but we feel good about that. But I would also echo what Bruce said in his remarks which is the work that our Medicare team has done with the broker community. We have made this a real focus of ours. I think we took a step back during the transaction with Aetna but I think we've really made up that in a very material way both in terms of the tools that we provided we've really invested in those, as Bruce has said. I think the product, as I said, that we're putting out for them to sell is going to be very compelling. And also the relationships that our team has developed with these brokers is very strong. Bruce and I also spent a lot of time with them and I'll tell you that they are very excited about Humana. And so we're looking forward to the open enrollment process.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Brian, thanks for all the color on the 2019 headwinds. I just want to prod you for a little bit more. So the -- I think the simple math here is that the HIF improvement or the HIF dropping to the bottom line in terms of the way you did it in 2017 that you're now going to run rate plus meaningful Medicare Advantage margin improvement is give or take $3 of earnings power which would put you around consensus of 2018. So you gave us a lot of headwinds/tailwinds for 2019 in terms of the core business which again were really helpful. Can you give us any thoughts on how that you think they net out in terms of the core if we just remove HIF and Medicare in the individual MA margin improvement? Do you think core actually grow next year? Or do you think the headwinds kind of offset -- will offset the core growth?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, I -- good morning, Justin, I'd rather not parse out all the details. I would tell you that the core business is strong and is growing. We're going to see just continued financial improvement in the core business from a margin perspective. Obviously, there's a lot that goes into the mix. As you said, there's the pre-tax impact of the HIF, there's the Rate Notice as you mentioned. But we've also, I think, offered compelling benefits. And so we've had to also assume certain productivity assumptions as well as trend bender assumptions to make a compelling product and as well as grow margin. So again, it's hard to parse out what the impacts of the HIF are, the Rate Notice, whatever it is. But all in, we expect a very robust 2019 for all the reasons that I laid out. We're excited about where we stand and how we're positioned for 2019.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions, just the first is with the significant investment in sort of home based care as a major differentiator for you. I'm curious how you think about the future. And it sounds like today it's focused on kind of post-acute care. But where can that level of acuity end up in the home? Can you sort of avoid primary or specialty or even acute care cost by bringing that in home. And then the second question is just around the Walgreens test phase of the Kansas City initiatives. What's the timing around that? And when do you think you'll have results to sort of better understand what a more retail focused strategy should look like?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Good morning, Justin. On the home side we're -- it's going to evolve -- I'm sorry not Justin, Josh. Thank you. Sorry about that, Josh.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: No worry, Bruce.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: But anyway, on the home side, we're taking it on a step basis. We do believe long-term the home is going to continue to see more and more acute oriented services for the primary reason of the telemedicine. We think the combination of telehealth in a physician office whether it's a specialty practice or a primary care practice with the combination of a nurse going into the home with proper devices will offer a full-fledged physician interaction that will be assisted for a senior or a member with chronic conditions. And we believe that that allows a lot of both convenience, but at the same time a lot of ability to get to people today whether it's in a rural setting or a particular setting that someone does not have transportation to go to a physician office. The second part of that is also we believe over time that there are some business models out there today that allow you to have a ER doctor that can be mobile with a nurse that will allow you to focus on the higher acuity, more chronic patients and prevent ER visits as you are able to monitor through remote-monitoring and in addition through deeper analytics to be able to get to the individuals that require a much more intensive, more emergency oriented care. So we believe the combination of those two remote-monitoring, telehealth with the combination of a nurse in the home makes a great combination to raise the acuity that can be treated into the home. In regards to Walgreens, and when will we start to see results, I think there's multiple. It's going to be a few years to see the ultimate outcome of that. We will see early on the response for both our membership growth in that marketplace, our ability to service our existing members in the marketplace and the convenience we provide through improved Net Promoter Score. As time progresses, we will then be able to see the impact on both the health outcomes, Star ratings as a result of being much more proactive with HEDIS measurements. And then in the longer run what we hope to see is a combination of both growth but also the impact on larger health outcomes there. So it's sort of staged, I would say early on. It's just the receptivity of the market and how people will look at it. The second step will be more short-term clinical interactions that we have. And then third is more health outcomes oriented. And I would say, it's probably going to take a few years to see that fully through. But we will promise that we will provide updates to our investors on how that's progressing because we find it to be an exciting opportunity for us and Walgreens in being able to bring them a convenient setting to our customers in a much more capital efficient way and the ability to use the community presence of both organizations to complement and really bring up a very, very effective and convenient model to the marketplace.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yes. I just  is there anything that you've been able to glean from the environment about the nature of the competitive offerings that you think you'll be facing in the upcoming open enrollment season for Medicare Advantage in particular?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I would just say, Matt, really I mean, there's a lot of rumors out there, and I think as Kevin articulated at the outset that it does seem to be -- it will be a competitive marketplace and from a price point of view. And I think that's how we would probably say that it's going to be competitive in some ways market dependent. So we'll see, I guess, in about 45 days to 60 days of what comes out there.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Right. So the timing is the same for you as it is for us, the October 1?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Got it.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And why don't you -- if you find out something earlier, Matt, let us know.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Well, I'm just going to spread rumors for now.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Okay.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Let me ask you one follow-up which is the  on the group MA business, do you have any particular outlook for this year? Do you expect more conversions than usual? Are there any big jumbos that might be moving that you have sight on?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: I would say for  assuming as we move into 2019, I would say that it's less of a robust pipeline than it was last year. So I wouldn't expect the same whatever was mid-teens growth this year as -- that we had this year that we'll have next year. So I think the pipeline there is a little bit less. I mean we have obviously a number of prospects that we're looking at and feel good about. We'll see where they shake out. We're sort of in the middle of that process right now and we also have organic growth in our existing accounts. But I wouldn't expect the same significant growth in group MA that we had for 2018.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Fantastic. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Getting back to the strategy for 2019 around the health insurance fee, you talked about $1.80 of the health insurance fee being the non-tax deductible component of that which in 2017 you excluded that from earnings. So going to continue are you thinking about that $1.80 or if you talk about the Medicare portion of that, you maybe, call it, $175 million of upside. Is that something you're including when you're talking about not quite getting to your 4.5% to 5% Medicare margin target? Or is that on top of that when you think about that?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, I just want to make sure I understand your question. I mean the margin target we think about is on a pre-tax basis. So I guess the way I would say it is you can still generate nice margin improvement without getting to your pre-tax margin, but you have the additional tax benefit below the pre-tax line that you obviously benefit from an EPS perspective. I would say that we're looking at it all the benefits together that we have the HIF pre and post tax, the Rate Notice, our trend benders, productivity, et cetera. Obviously, then have to overcome healthcare trend and then any benefit improvements that we want to make and so that all goes into the mix. But again, I wouldn't want to parse out one or the other because it's all in the stew for lack of a better word. But to a prior question, we do expect core improvement from a financial margin perspective in our products. And then obviously, there's a tax benefit that we're going to get as well.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So we should think about that $1.80 as being on top of anything else that you're targeting for your normal Medicare business?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, again, I'm just -- I'm hesitant to answer -- to say yes to that question only because it's all part of the mix. So we know we have that approximately $1.80 that's out there from a tax perspective as we think about planning for next year as we thought about the bids going into 2019. And so that was all part of the mix, but also part of the equation was, it's important to improve the pre-tax or core business performance as well. And so again, I can't parse it out for you and just say add $1.80. You could but that might not be the right answer because there could be a different pre-tax margin assumption. Obviously, we didn't set our goals with that not in mind. In other words, it was in our mind as we thought about this as respect for 2020. So all these things were in our minds as we set our benefit design and our targets for 2019 -- our bid targets.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And Peter, just maybe add to that I know you're trying to get into the details of what happens on a per line basis. I do want to just to really communicate to the shareholders that we continue to be committed to growing our membership appropriately. And we continue to be committed to improving the efficiencies of the organization which will ultimately show up in the margin that we have. As Brian is articulating, we put all that into the mix and calculate by market, how are we competitive in that marketplace as we think about how our competitors are going to respond and at the same time, how we want to look to improve the margin of our business there. And I know everyone wants to sort of say what we do line by line but it is, as Brian has well articulated, it fits in all one big pot. And we begin to start working what's best for our customers and what's best for our shareholders.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, everybody. Two part question on pharmacy. So I appreciate all the comments about what you're trying to do with Walgreens. Obviously, you had a very successful longstanding partnership with Walmart. I'm wondering, does this impact in any way what  I thought there was some discussion at one point about potentially expanding the Walmart activities. Is there  does this preclude anything further on the Walmart side? Can you maybe parse out a little bit your thinking about what one retail type of footprint versus another does for you? Is it just about getting more and more access points for your members? And then if I could flip in there obviously as you formulate your pharmacy strategy there is this discussion out in Washington about all the changes to Part D potentially rebate, reform, other changes, how does that factor in and any comments on those?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Okay. On the specific on the retail side and partnerships, yeah, we still value and have a strong relationship with Walmart and continue to see that relationship both being what it is today and continuing to look at ways to expand that. We continue to believe that they and us serve very similar customers segments and working together. We both can serve the customers in a much more comprehensive way. And I would just continue to see us growing that relationship. On the Walgreens side, they are a different retailer, more stores, smaller stores and more communities. And we see that also as being an opportunity to see how Walgreens retail model would work. You probably see smaller clinics in those particular stores. You'll probably see us have more navigational services in those stores versus something if we were to do something at Walmart, that's a much bigger footprint there. But I  but both of them are complementary and that competitive or being in that main one restricts us from doing the other. And we feel to serve our customers and their customers, there's great opportunity out there to do that. I would say, one of the things that we are trying to do is to continue to test what our customers are looking for. We're trying to figure out what that sweet spot is and we feel that this is a great time for a test and learn and to understand it. And I think working with both retailers in that will fill the longer term view of how we modify this. And we won't get it right the first time, I'm sure and then we can evolve it over time. So I think I would look at this as more as a test and learn as a commitment to either party as a partnership there. And I think with -- all parties learn from this how best to serve the customer. In regards to your question on the pharmacy rebate as you articulated, there's a lot of proposals coming in out of Washington. And as you well know, in the past, we don't try to comment on specific proposals. I think the question is, is if rebates are as a safe harbor what happens to that? I think overall, our belief is that if it does move to a point of sale kind of discount or point-of-service kind of discount that it will affect the other members, the majority of the members this is sort of the 80-20 rule. And we believe that Part D premiums will increase for our book of business. Obviously, I'm not speaking from the commercial perspective, but it will increase Part D premiums over time.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess just beating a dead horse here. But I was a little bit surprised to hear you won't hit the pre-tax margin target next year with the HIF suspension. And I guess as we're thinking about that, is it fair to say that you're sort of favoring enrollment growth over the near term profit? And maybe you can frame that with respect to comments you made in the past about growing EPS in 2020 over 2019 as well.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. I think we've said on multiple occasions that 2019 we wouldn't get back fully to our pre-tax margin target of 4.5% to 5%, but we would make material progress. We are looking to achieve a glide path there that over time, we will get back to that target. We're committed to that. We exceeded the target in 2017. You recall that in 2018 or this year, we're meaningfully below our target. And that's on account of multiple things, the biggest one being tax reform. We've invested a lot in the business, as we've talked about in prior occasions. And we also invested as we've mentioned some of the outperformance that we had in 2017 into 2018 benefit design so as to overcome the HIF and keep benefits relatively stable for our members. So I think we've been pretty consistent on the fact that for 2019, we wouldn't get there on the pre-tax margin side but that we would continue to strike a balance to grow membership and margin. And that's what I believe that we've done. Obviously, we'll see what happens from a membership perspective as we get more information and we head into AEP. But we do feel good about how we're positioned and we'll see where it shakes out. I think it's too early to comment on 2020. I know there's been a lot of questions about that and we're still not giving 2019 specific guidance. Obviously, the only thing I would say about 2020 is the HIF is obviously a very important element of that. I think we have demonstrated that that the HIF does impact member benefits and I think members will benefit meaningfully from the HIF being on moratorium for 2019. And we're hopeful that Congress decides to continue the moratorium on the HIF and we'll see where that goes. But obviously, that's going to be a pretty important part of the 2020 calculus year.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Sure. And I guess just so I understand it right there the ramp in profitability of a member, I guess the idea would be if you get better enrollment growth next year that provides a better glide path for the forward, yeah, outside that.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. There's no doubt about it. So just to refresh that when a member comes in, typically they're not very profitable. We don't assume real -- any real pre-tax margin in a new member and that's because they're not yet in our clinical programs and they're not typically risk adjusted appropriately for the conditions that they have. It obviously depends whether we get a member from a different plan or that member is new to Medicare in which case there's just a plain 10 (50:50), adjustment adjusted for age and sex and that's it. But -- so that over time it takes several years to get that member up to profitability. But you are correct that as members -- as we grow more and as sort of the earlier members get to our target margins, we're able to generate very nice pre-tax growth. I would also remind you that, that it also impacts the Healthcare Services segment. So the more we grow membership, we also impact Healthcare Services. That's a really important element as well. So we're constantly trying to take the enterprise view and balanced growth and margin deliver top line growth but also nice EPS growth.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And I would like to just reemphasize that. I know you made a comment that we were biasing our self to membership growth. And I would say that our perspective as in 2017 and 2016 hasn't changed that we continue to balance margin improvement at the same time as we are also improving or growing our membership there. And as Brian articulated, the biggest thing that impacted our margin was specifically around the tax reform and taking pre-tax -- after-tax dollars and moving it up to the G&A line which doesn't show up in our margin base. And I would just say that that's probably the material change in any outlook that you have on our margin improvement.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Perfect. Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Can you help a little more with the commentary around the lower utilization, but higher cost per claim on the inpatient and the higher outpatient trends? Maybe just frame the spend instead of utilization. That would be helpful. And then you talked about lower pharmacy claims. Just hoping you can flesh it out what you attribute that to or what you're seeing there. Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, Ralph. I'm not -- there's really not a lot more color that I want to provide from my remarks which is just to say we've been very focused as an organization to make sure that the care is delivered in the appropriate setting; or in the event that there a member is at a hospital that that admission gets classified appropriately because if it's an observation rather than an admission which has several thousand dollar impact per episode, that's a material number. And so we've been very operationally focused. Our markets have done a wonderful job of ensuring that that sort of appropriate classification takes place. And so what's going to happen is what's left for your  in your inpatient numbers is a higher cost per admission just by definition because you're pulling out some of the lower cost outpatient procedures. We're constantly monitoring our outpatient trend just to make sure we understand all the puts and takes as we are inpatient trend. We've been obviously very pleased with the inpatient trend. And we're hoping that that continues. And we're doing everything we can to manage trend as we always do. On the pharmacy side, I wouldn't point to anything specifically. I think the specialty pipeline is not as robust I would say but really it's around traditional scripts that have been just a little bit better than we forecast. And I wouldn't say it's very material but on the margin, it obviously helps. But I wouldn't think -- I wouldn't say there's a wholesale change in anything that's occurring but it's been a positive boost for our Retail segment.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Just on the first part though just so I'm clear. I guess what I'm looking at is or thinking about is inpatient to outpatient. When you think of it just even just last year whatever trend was not utilization, but overall spend. Are you seeing inpatient spend higher year-over-year versus what you're seeing on the outpatient even just directionally?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. I mean -- so as I said in my remarks, our actual inpatient admissions are down but there are some unit cost issues which I just articulated. So overall, I would say overall utilizations on the inpatient side is probably slightly up, but nothing -- certainly it's a positive relative to our expectations because of the admissions number. And I think the acuity element effectively falls out of the -- of what's left. But again, I'm saying per admission as opposed to overall spend. Overall spend is better than we expected obviously that's why we have these benefits that we're talking about.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Fair enough. Okay. Thank you.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Zack Sopcak with Morgan Stanley.
Zachary Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. If I can ask just one more question on the inpatient to outpatient move you talked about procedures coming off the inpatient-only list. Are you seeing members choose to do things like total knees outpatient? Or is it something where you're encouraging appropriate members to look at that as an alternate side?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: It's a little bit of both. I mean I think the outpatient setting is sort of an attractive place, I guess for lack of a better word, to have that procedure if it can be done. And so I think both sides of the equation including the physicians, I think. When it can be done in an outpatient setting, that can be a preferred setting to have that procedure undertaken.
Zachary Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then as you think longer-term, how do you think about the opportunity for deeper penetration of your existing members? Is the outpatient appropriate settings for those types of procedures versus an expansion of the number of procedures that are taken off the inpatient-only list. Do you see growth in both areas?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. I mean our general sense is that you're going to see more and more movement to the outpatient setting. And so I think that's sort of what we're planning for as we think about sort of our overall service category mixes and trend assumptions. Our assumption is that's going to continue over time. There's going to be just a continuing movement out of the hospital into the outpatient setting.
Zachary Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Going back to Kindred and Curo and understanding those are investments not full acquisitions. So integration maybe is not the right word. But how do you think about optimizing or harmonizing your workflow between those entities and your internal home health initiatives to drive more cost savings for the member base? I'm just thinking about what could manifest as a trend bender as we think into 2019 and what has to happen to make that a reality.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. Well, at the time of close and pre close we had a lot of planning of what would be our top priorities in engaging with Kindred. And they really are wrapped around a few things. First is, we're going to test and learn in a number of markets and be able to really focus more on not just about in bringing our home health business over to Kindred but more importantly bringing the ability to prevent preventable events from happening. And so we have a number of things going on that are focused more on nursing oriented patients that have chronic conditions that can be managed in the home. So first, we're just rerouting more effort into the nursing area as opposed to the therapy area. And so that's the first thing. And as you mentioned, the trend bender out of this is reduced admissions, readmission rates going down. ER visits going down. And that's sort of our measurement of success there by focusing on these chronic conditions. Part of that test will also be is how do we bring telehealth into the home. And the telehealth platform will not only allow us to be more convenient in bringing care into the home but the second thing is it also will help us with our Star scores and other preventative measurements that allow -- that we can get into the home quicker both in being able to do it more convenient as a result of not having to get people transported there and in addition working through the appointment schedule. So we see two combinations here in our test and learn. One is around, how do we reduce the preventable events from happening; and then secondarily how do we continue to increase our performance on our quality measurements.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. In the past, you've achieved half of your growth from third party MA sales and maybe that took a hit during the deal speculation times, but then you invested in some tools and leads. So are you back to seeing a similar contribution about half of retail sales from third-party salespeople? Or is that more of a multiyear recovery of the distribution pipeline?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: No, I think that's right. It's actually a little bit more than half and we expect that to continue. In fact, what we've seen this year is the broker channel in 2018 outperformed a little bit our expectations which is a good thing. But I would expect sort of a little -- call it, a little over 50% will continue from the broker channel. And obviously, we hope -- both channels outperformed this year, so the proportions will remain the same. But as we said we feel very good about frankly both channels. And as you mentioned, we have invested a lot in the broker channel to make it easy to work with Humana.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And just to clarify an earlier comment on group MLR. The pressure came from small group commercial, not group MA. So group MA MLR is still in line with your expectation. Is that correct?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Correct. Yeah, group MA is actually in the Retail segment. It's not on the commercial side, yes.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Question following up on the neighborhood care model. And you talked about Iora and Oak Street, Walgreens and some solo clinics that you're doing in the retail setting in a test and learn mode. But at some point, once you're done with test and learn, as you think about the timing and the pace of the build-out, the scalability, the investments that are involved at your size relative to doing it in a JV with shared economics, data integration and so on, do you still see this as being a clash of different approaches and open architecture? Or might you give up the control and the flexibility for faster build-out and economics?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Good morning, Ana. We continue to see success in a number of markets and we're building those out at a pretty good pace, I would say, as fast as our partners can digest them. And that would be in places like Iora and Oak Street would be two good examples of that. And we continue to look at that as being successful in certain markets there. We are -- and similar to our relationship with Iora and Oak Street, a number of years ago, we sort of went through a test and learn to see if that worked and that seems to work. Walgreens is sort of in that state of maturity and there's -- and our Partners in Primary Care is in that state. I do believe over time you'll continue to see the company increase its intensity in opening these clinics whether it's with partnerships or a wholly-owned model like we have with Partners in Primary Care and as we own a significant part of Conviva in South Florida there. But I would say today, we're not convinced that the primary care model is completely figured out. And having flexibility to deal with it in the local market, have flexibility to deal with the changing consumer expectation and at the same time be able to do it in a capital efficient way is what you see us trying to do here. And you see more intensity on it. I think if you were to go back and look at our calls with our investors in our one-on-one, it becomes more of the communication and discussion. But it still is an immature stage and we want to learn that immaturity as opposed to taking big bets today. But I will -- to answer your specific question, I would say that the intensity of it will increase and our commitment of putting more and more in a faster way and scalable way will increase over the next 24 months or so.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yes so my follow-up, I think that makes sense, I guess, given its immature. But if you take a step back, and you've talked a lot about the neighborhood care model. I think I'm hearing a little bit more about telehealth in the home setting. But as you think about your core customer base with seniors, would your focus be more on a bricks-and-mortar care model or more on a digital care model as newer seniors age into Medicare and then over time in late stage Medicare you're confined to a home or a nursing home?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: That's an interesting question because as we are seeing there are different stages of aging and those different stages are requiring different kind of interactions. We see an earlier stage individual to be much more virtual and much more preventative and in result probably less dependent on the healthcare centralized system and more on access points outside of that. As they age, we see that they are requiring more intense services at a more frequent time and the combination of home in the home, combination of remote monitoring and then the combination of having specialty care whether it's in the healthcare setting or at home is an important part of that. And what we're trying to develop is not one or the other. It's the integration of that to accommodate people both in their needs today and as their needs mature. So I wouldn't say it's either or I would say it's an integrated approach. And that's what you probably see more than anything is that we're building these capabilities home primary care. You see us -- the telehealth, we haven't talked much about behavioral. But it's the integration of that and then having the ability to distribute that where the needs of the customer are at the time of their particular journey of health. And I don't want to say we're one over the other. I think it's a combination of all of them. And I think successful organizations will be the ones that integrate it together as opposed to just having one channel.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Very thoughtful. Thanks, Bruce.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. I want to hop back over to the healthcare segment maybe as a tie-in to Dave's question earlier. Certainly, I understand the strategy and the move for value-based models for Kindred at Home. But how do you really look -- think about balancing what might be a conflict between your majority partner who probably does better in a fee-for-service world and your own interest? So any color on your thoughts on how that would really play out would be appreciated. And then I have a follow-up?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. We recognize that conflict completely. Now a few things. As we entered the investment into Kindred at Home, we threw a lot of research within DC. We came to the conclusion that this -- the home model is going to evolve to be more and more nursing oriented and more and more around chronic conditions and the recent release of that highlights that. So we see a movement to more of our patient population as opposed to just therapy population. So I think that that's an important change. The second thing in our relationship both in -- with our partner Kindred and our -- the investors in there that we've actually created an incentive for them to have more and more customers on -- I mean members on a value-based relationship that is paid on outcomes as opposed to just the volume themselves. And that really helps both the line interest and in addition helps us in being able to find the right areas for us to test and learn this with because we both are oriented to the same success here. But I do believe our partners invested in this believe that fee-for-service in the short run will continue to be an important part of the business as we do because we own 40% of the business. And we wouldn't want to compromise that business. But the partnership with Humana allows to reposition over time the strategic value of Kindred as a total organization as you think about the trends long-term in healthcare.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. And my second question, obviously, with the Curo acquisition you must like the hospice business. So my question is with hospice being carved out of the MA benefit today, what's your longer term view -- or actually short term and your longer term view there, any thoughts -- and also just any thoughts in the context of the future for value-based purchasing for hospice? Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yes. I think hospice for us is really we are -- we look at that as a service that we are participating and in providing to the healthcare community. But from a -- and we leave it ultimately up to the caregiver, the family and the physician to decide where is the proper place for an individual. But once they decide that, it moves from a restorative to pain management kind of treatment, then we are there to serve them and integrate that into the offerings we have. In regards to is it in or outside of Medicare Advantage, we really look at it as more is it the right thing to do for the family member and then ultimately be able to help them with that transition of a quality of life. We do believe over time that hospice and palliative care will continue to be more and more important part of the care model as we see the need for it. We see people living longer. And at the same time treatment options at end of life become more -- whether more intense or there are fewer of them and people make this choice that is probably one of the less used areas of healthcare today that probably have a large positive impact on people's life as they think about where they are in their stages of life there. So for us, we are more a recipient of it. We are believers it's the right thing to do and we're a believer that we will provide that service to our members if they choose to. And the payment model is less of an issue for us and insignificant in our decision making.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of clarifications I just wanted to tie down. Brian, you've mentioned -- sorry, excuse me, lower TRICARE final settlements as a headwind heading into 2019. Can you give us a sense of what those were for 2017 and 2018?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: I'd rather not get into that level of detail. We know we don't provide that. I mean I obviously called it out because I think it'll impact particularly as you're modeling your Group and Specialty pre-tax for next year. There'll be some impact there. I think that will constrain the growth in the segment. But I'd rather not call it the specifics. We typically don't do that. That's okay.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then second question is on the group MLR guidance raise in terms of lifting that MLR, it looks like the $20 million of the risk adjustment represents about 30 basis points on the full year. So the other 80 basis points, are you increasing your own accruals for the rest of the year? Or is it the reinsurance? Or is it just some of the mix shift that you talked about in that segment?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. So a fair question. So, on the guidance specifically because the mix shift was anticipated, it's related to the reinsurance transaction. And yes, we also have accrued more, a bigger payable for 2018 on the back of 2017. So that's included in that MER increase.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. We will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Bruce Broussard for concluding remarks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Well, like always, we wouldn't be able to have the success we have without the 55,000 people that are part of our organization in every day helping our members to do that. So I'd like to thank each and every one of them for their dedication to the company. And like always, we appreciate the support from our investors and continuing to believe in the success of the organization and helping us through being successful. So thank you and everyone have a wonderful day.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc. Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc. Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.
Analysts: Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Styblo - Jefferies LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Zachary Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Andrew. And I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Humana, Inc. First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2018 results and our financial outlook for the full-year. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, Humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our first quarter 2018 earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.36 for the first quarter of 2018 and raised our full-year 2018 adjusted EPS guidance to $13.70 to $14.10. We continue to expect strong individual Medicare Advantage membership growth of 180,000 to 200,000 members for full-year 2018, and all segments are performing well. We are pleased that we continue to consistently deliver strong financial results, while significantly advancing our consumer-focused health strategy, demonstrating excellence in operational execution. We continue to be very active in building our primary care model. In March, we acquired the remaining 51% interest in MCCI and officially launched Conviva, bringing together our fully-owned and JV primary care assets in South Florida and Texas under one brand and one management team. In addition, in April, we acquired Family Physicians Group, one of the largest value-based providers serving Medicare Advantage and manage Medicaid HMO patients in Greater Orlando with a footprint that includes 22 clinics. This brings our total owned JV and alliance clinics to 224, including 138 in Florida. With FPG, we advanced our payer-agnostic primary care strategy, and we continue to look for options to accelerate capability development and geographic expansion of our value-based primary care and MSO support models. We also continued to advance our strategy to integrate clinical programs that intersect healthcare and lifestyle, including in the home, where our Kindred transaction will be an accelerant of our strategy. The Kindred shareholders recently approved the Kindred at Home transaction, and we have been steadily  steadfastly moving forward with the development of the integrated clinical model. One benefit of the Kindred at Home transaction structure that it allows us to focus on advancing our care models and associated impact on lowering the cost of care. We are beginning to develop new clinical models, moving from reactive, point-in-time, triggered-based models of post-acute intervention to proactive, always-on models that leverage moments of influence for our members, including through Kindred at Home's care delivery capabilities. They are focused on in-home clinical and tele-health capabilities, including condition-specific best practices and robust clinical pathways. We can improve the quality of care by using data analytics to predict when a member is at risk for an acute event and using that data to arm the physician and in-home clinicians with comprehensive view of the member. As a result, we believe we can prevent an unnecessary hospital admission or an emergency room visit. We are creating test-and-learn pilots for a subset of Humana members in certain markets that we plan to launch when the transaction closes. Some of the initiatives we are assessing include, improving the time to start of home healthcare by reduced administrative and other barriers, improving communication with the primary care physician, and seamless medication reconciliation and access to Humana pharmacists as well as other Humana resources and community support. In addition, leveraging our partnership with our private equity partners, TPG and Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, together we entered into an agreement to acquire Curo Health Services, a leading hospice operator. Upon closing of the transaction, which we expect to occur subsequent to the closing of the Kindred transaction, we intend to merge Curo with Kindred at Home. Kindred at Home is the largest home health provider in the nation and, combined with Curo, would be the largest hospice operator in the nation. Curo brings highly capable management team and a tech-enabled centralized model for hospice care. By combining its strengths with those of Kindred at Home, patients will benefit from a better healthcare experience as their care team, physicians, social workers, family members, and caregivers help them navigate the continuum of home health, palliative care and hospice in an integrated fashion. Turning to Medicaid, I'd like to thank our talented and dedicated Medicaid associates. As a result of their tremendous efforts, we received a notice of intent to be awarded a comprehensive Medicaid contract under Florida's Statewide Managed Medicaid program in 10 of the State's 11 regions, including the South Florida, Tampa, Jacksonville and Orlando metro areas. And we anticipate being able to continue to serve members in Region 1, creating a statewide offering. The comprehensive program combines the traditional Medicaid, or TANF and long-term care programs. While we are currently statewide for the long-term care program and we only serve five regions for TANF, although not final until an official protest period has concluded, we are pleased with the award of 10 regions in the comprehensive program, an achievement accomplished by only one other payer. This is a testament to the strong Medicaid capabilities that we have built over the last several years. The award of a continued and expanded presence in the state will allow us to bring our integrated care delivery strategy to more Medicaid beneficiaries and more areas across the state. As we indicated last quarter, we are seeing certain states to make a greater link between Medicare and Medicaid long-term support services capabilities for the D-SNP population. The Florida award further reinforces our belief that the combination of our LTSS business and the strength of our Medicare Advantage offerings with our integrated care delivery model positions us to be a strong competitor to serve the Medicaid dual-eligible population. Another key element of our strategy is to simplify processes and improve the member or patient experience, by removing friction points for our members and providers. For example, as a result of changes we've made to our MyHumana website, including the addition of more benefit information and improvements in navigation, we are seeing more members prefer our digital channel over calling, including for those members coming to the site to pay their bill. From 2016 to 2017, our digital self-service rate improved 16% to nearly 54%. In addition, we have implemented sophisticated analytics to drive predictive call routing, including analytics that match members with the most appropriate representative based on member communication style and the reason for the call. As part of this initiative, our IVR picks up words a member says to why they're calling and we route them to the call  the call to the appropriate representative based on their training level. These initiatives improved customer satisfaction and reduced call transfer by nearly 153,000, or approximately 12%, for the first quarter of 2018 as compared to the first quarter of 2017. We continue to look for ways to enhance the member experience further. We are currently piloting a program to train representatives to handle both mail order pharmacy and health plan-related questions regarding their medical and pharmacy benefits, which is further reducing call transfers between representatives. As a result of initiatives like this, we continue to lead the industry in quality of the consumer experience. In the recently released, 2018 Temkin Experience Ratings among nationwide carriers, we ranked number two after TRICARE, a program that includes Humana. The ratings are based on customer responses to three questions around their interaction with the company, including: to what degree they were able to accomplish what they wanted to do; how easy it was to interact; and how they felt about these interactions. Although, we have work to do, we are pleased with this recognition. Before I turn the call over to Brian, I wanted to discuss the broader outlook for Medicare Advantage. In April, CMS issued the Final 2019 Rate Notice. After many years of rate reductions following the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, we are beginning to see a more favorable regulatory environment, which we believe is a result of the growing support for Medicare Advantage. There is a clear recognition that the Medicare Advantage program provides affordable coverage for beneficiaries, reduces overall healthcare costs and improves clinical outcomes. The favorable Rate Notice for 2019 is indicative of this underlying tone. Participants in MA generally receive benefits in excess of those available under traditional Medicare, typically including reduced cost-sharing, prescription drug benefits, care coordination, techniques to help identify members' needs, complex case management, tools to guide members in their healthcare decisions, disease management programs and wellness prevention programs. Our data shows that relative to traditional Medicare, our Medicare Advantage plan generates significant per member, per month cost savings across a broad spectrum of services, including; post-acute, outpatient, physician and home health services, among others. Similarly, Humana helps members access quality care in skilled nursing facilities and avoid higher cost inpatient rehab and LTAC settings. Accordingly, Humana members are less likely to be admitted to inpatient rehab or LTAC, relative to traditional Medicare. CMS also recognizes that the issues go beyond traditional healthcare. We are pleased that CMS is permitting Medicare Advantage organizations to offer tailored supplemental benefits with flexibility to target the social determinants of health as recommended by a licensed medical professional. Social determinants, such as food insecurity and social isolation can have a profound impact on members' health, and an important part of the care continuum is ensuring that we are able to address these needs. For example, a member who is food insecure may have to make decisions not to fill their prescriptions, so that they can buy food. If a member is not taking their needed medication on a regular basis, it is likely their health will deteriorate. The additional flexibility provided by CMS for 2019 will allow us to include some targeted supplemental benefits for our members that will directly address these types of needs and improve health outcomes. In summary, we are proud of our significant accomplishments in the first few months of 2018 and excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Bruce. And good morning, everyone. Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $3.36 for the first quarter. This exceeds our previous expectations, primarily due to favorable current year medical utilization in our Retail segment, relative to our initial expectations, some of which is attributable to a lower-than-previously expected flu impact, and also to positive prior-period medical claims reserve development in our Group and Specialty segment. Consequently, we raised our adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $13.70 to $14.10 from our previous guidance of $13.50 to $14. We expect second quarter adjusted EPS to approach 27% of the full-year number. For the first quarter of 2018, adjusted EPS of $3.36 compares to adjusted EPS of $2.75 in the first quarter of 2017. The year-over-year increase includes, among other items, the impact of a significantly lower tax rate year-over-year, partially offset by investments made in the first quarter of 2018, both as a result of the tax reform law. These investments include investments in our employees, primarily the establishment of an annual incentive program for a broader range of associates, as well as raising the minimum wage to $15 per hour. Additionally, we are making investments in the communities we serve, as well as spending on technology and on our integrated care delivery model to drive longer-term value creation and sustainability. With regard to the flu, our consolidated benefit ratio for 1Q 2018 was negatively impacted by approximately 35 basis points from the incremental flu expense, relative to a typical flu season. Most of the impact came from the Retail segment and our Medicare Advantage business. While it was more severe than last year's, the flu season peaked sooner than we initially expected when we gave guidance, and accordingly, came in a bit below our previous expectations. I will now turn to our segment results. All segments are performing well, reflecting strong operational focus and the effective execution of our strategy. In our Retail segment, we experienced significant Medicare Advantage enrollment growth during the annual election period. This has been coupled with early positive indicators of medical utilization, relative to our expectations, primarily lower inpatient authorizations, while prior-period development has been in line with our expectations. In addition, as discussed previously, the negative impact of the more severe flu season was not as high as we initially expected. Accordingly, we raised our full-year Retail segment pre-tax income guidance to a range of $1.45 billion to $1.61 billion from a range of $1.425 billion to $1.6 billion. The updated pre-tax income guidance balances the positive early medical utilization indicators we have seen with the recognition that we have relatively limited actual claims experience at this point in the year, along with a significant number of new members. As such, our guidance does not assume those favorable trends will continue throughout the year. To-date, we have not seen any indicators that would suggest our new members are performing differently than our initial expectations. Additionally, as a reminder, the year-over-year decline in Retail segment pre-tax in the first quarter was expected and is primarily due to the investment of the meaningful 2017 individual MA outperformance into our benefit design for 2018, investments made in 1Q 2018 as a result of tax reform law, lower-expected prior-period development and a more severe flu season than last year. These items are partially offset by significant operating cost efficiencies in 1Q 2018, driven by productivity initiatives implemented in 2017. With regard to our Medicare Advantage bids for the 2019 plan year, as you know, we are in the midst of the 2019 bid season. As we prepare our bids, we are analyzing both the pre-tax and post-tax impacts of the HIF moratorium, the benefits of tax reform, the Final Rate Notice and potential competitor actions. From a competitive perspective, we are limited in what we will say about our 2019 bid strategy until our bids are approved later in the year. Suffice to say, as we always strive to do, we will take a balanced approach to membership growth and margin, by offering a compelling product to our members in recognition of the significant rate and tax tailwinds. We also intend to drive meaningful EPS growth in excess of our long-term target of 11% to 15%. Before discussing the other segments, I would like to echo Bruce's gratitude to our Medicaid associates for their dedication and tireless efforts that resulted in the Florida Medicaid contract award. We are working through the membership and revenue implications, but we do believe that there will be material upside relative to our current contract. Turning to Group and Specialty, the segment continues to perform well, with slightly higher fully-insured commercial membership than initially expected and medical utilization generally running better than previous expectations, but still within our previous benefit ratio guidance range. We continue to expect core trend of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points, but biased towards the lower end, again with the important caveat that we are still very early in the year and our claims experience is relatively limited. The increase in Group and Specialty segment pre-tax year-over-year in the first quarter, primarily reflects the impact of higher earnings in our fully-insured commercial medical business, including higher favorable prior-period development. Consistent with the Retail segment, the pre-tax results for the Group and Specialty segment for 1Q 2018, include the impacts of investments made as a result of tax reform law as described previously, as well as significant operating cost efficiencies in 1Q 2018, as a result of productivity initiatives implemented in 2017. For the full-year, we raised our Group and Specialty segment pre-tax guidance by $10 million at the midpoint, primarily reflecting prior-period medical claims reserve development that we experienced in the first quarter, which we do not forecast in guidance. Shifting to the Healthcare Services segment, the pre-tax results in the first quarter were generally consistent with our previous expectations for the segment as a whole. Relative to our initial expectations, our pharmacy business is running in line, while the provider business is running a bit ahead on the back of favorable prior-period development, and our clinical business is running just slightly below expectations. Consequently, we continue to guide to pre-tax income of $825 million to $875 million for the full-year. Similar to the Retail segment, the year-over-year decline in pre-tax earnings for the quarter was expected. You will recall that we have undergone an optimization process that ensures the appropriate level of member interaction with clinicians, including graduating members into a monitoring program as their needs change, and transitioning them out of the care management program when they no longer benefit from these services. This drives higher quality outcomes and better returns on investment, while leading to reduced segment earnings. The full impact of this optimization is reflected in the quarter and projected full-year results. In addition, the first quarter of 2018 includes the impact of investments made as a result of tax reform law, primarily investments in our employees, as described previously, and significant operating cost efficiencies in 1Q 2018, as a result of productivity initiatives implemented in 2017. From a capital deployment perspective; in the first quarter, we completed our $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program that began in 4Q 2017. We continue to expect and execute additional share repurchases of approximately $500 million in the back half of the year. Our expectation is that the Kindred and Curo acquisitions will utilize approximately $1.1 billion in parent cash on a combined basis when the transactions close sometime this summer, though the debt-financing plans are still being finalized with our private equity partners. With regard to sources of parent cash, we expect subsidiary dividends to the parent in 2018 to be approximately $1.9 billion to $2 billion, almost all of which will be paid in the second quarter. This represents an increase of approximately $500 million to $600 million over the $1.4 billion we received for full-year 2017, primarily reflecting higher regulated subsidiary earnings in 2017 relative to 2016. As a reminder, there's typically a one-year lag in our ability to pull cash out of our regulated subsidiaries. Additionally, the parent company receives the cash from the earnings of our Healthcare Services segment immediately. From an M&A perspective, as I said last quarter, we continue to evaluate strategic acquisitions to build out our capabilities, particularly the primary care arena. But, we also look for any other assets that could enhance our other Healthcare Services segments. Additionally, we would also have interest in Medicare Advantage assets that increase our presence in under-penetrated markets. We continue to target a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 30% to 35%, consistent with rating agency expectations, with the ability to go higher for the right strategic opportunity. With that, we'll open the lines for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. The questions was about the difference in the Final Rate Notice from February to April, which look quite significantly good. Can you tell us what your thoughts are around the margins that you would target then into 2019 and the progression back to the 4.5% to 5%? Do you think that might accelerate? Or might you, again, just funnel that back into investments and the like?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, Ana. Yeah, I'd rather not talk about specifically what we'll do from a competitive perspective, of course. But as I mentioned in my remarks, we do intend to guide next year to an EPS target in excess of our long-term target range of 11% to 15%. I know there's been a lot of questions about that, and so we thought it was important to make sure that was clear. As it relates specifically to our 4.5% to 5% margin target, as we've said previously, we expect to make meaningful progress on the road to getting back to that margin level. Just as a reminder and to level set, one of the reasons, the major reason why we're below the margin target is because of the tax reform investments that we invested in our associates and in our business. And as we've said, over time, we will work to get back to our 4.5% to 5%. But as I said, we will make meaningful progress in that regard next year and guide to a range above our long-term EPS guidance range.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. If I could just ask one follow-up. When you look at the selling season now and in context of the potential CVS Aetna deal with retail clinics and you are doing a lot of primary care, when you think about your clinical and your distribution strategy, do you have a mixed view of you should do primary care and clinics relative to retail clinics and store and the like? Or is it one or the other from a strategic perspective?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I mean, today, we are looking at all different ways to build and develop clinics, both standalone and retail centers, which today, we do in retail centers, not directly in the store, but adjacent to stores. And we'll continue to look at that. We do see convenience as being an important part of the decisions that individuals make when they choose a primary care clinic.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks so much.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yes, thank you. Could you just talk about  sorry, let me ask you just on the individual business. This is now the second year that you've been out. It's separated from your operating results, and yet it's making a pretty substantial earnings contribution to you. How do you look at your strategy going forward about the potential to get back into that business, given how some of the dynamics have changed?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Matt. I think we continue to look at that as not being part of our core. I think as we communicated last year in our Shareholder Meeting that we are very oriented to staying focused on what we do well. That's been the Medicare individual or Medicare group and individual MA market. We found that our clinical capabilities and our long-term engagement with individuals in the commercial market was really tough; it was very transitory, it was a market that seemed to use the healthcare system on spot basis. And that really isn't our long-term both strategy and our strength. And we feel there's a significant opportunity in the markets that we are in for significant growth, and we want to stay focused on building the capabilities to service those customers.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's great. And I can just  also one more on Florida and your expansion there. What are your thoughts about the capabilities that you have in that market, and generally, in terms of taking care of a broader TANF population, understanding that you already have statewide LTC, is that, hasn't historically been your preferred focus area?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. As we committed to the shareholders a number of years ago that we would build our Medicaid platform in concert of being able to serve dual-eligible. And in the State of Florida, we've been working really hard in building our TANF capabilities. And we service five regions for a period of time in that marketplace, and we've built a fairly sophisticated capability in that marketplace that is affordable to any other state, it's not specific to Florida. We built it on a platform that allows us to expand that. And I think the recent preliminary grant by the State of Florida for us to serve all regions in that marketplace is just an example of the consistency of our operating model. So, I would say that we have the capabilities today to service members. I would say, it's just a continued expansion of our procurement process that we'll have to continue to look at as we go from state-to-state.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. This is Steve Baxter on for Justin. Question on the services business. In the release, you spoke of a mismatch of the timing of sort of some of the lower revenues in that business and removing the associated operating expense during the first quarter. Can you help us quantify those costs and how you expect them to trend down throughout the balance of the year to kind of get comfortable with the earnings ramp that's implied in guidance for the rest of the year in that business?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Let me give some context around the quarterly progression on (32:02), we're not going to get to too many specifics. First of all, it's important to note that it's assumed that the Kindred Healthcare transactions will close in the latter half of the year. So, there's some back end waiting there. You mentioned the clinical optimization, and that's an important element, which is the revenue goes away but it takes a little bit of time to remove those costs. I'd rather not quantify that here, but it has a meaningful impact on our quarterly progression. There's also a few one-time expected items on the provider side related to the Conviva acquisition and writing off certain intangibles and the like. So, there are number of things that are assumed in the guidance that results in that quarterly progression. But as I said in my remarks, we feel good about where the numbers are today.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then a question on the small group market. Like some of the discussion there around trends and seeing some increased success with some of the level-funded products you guys are targeting there, couple of the stop loss. I was hoping you kind of could expand a little bit on what you're seeing there in terms of employer interest in these alternative funding products?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, as we said, they really are, I think, resonating in the marketplace, this notion of effectively an ASO product with a stop-loss wrap. We've seen meaningful growth in that area, and I think the financial performance is also really starting to perform, which we like to see. I think it's an attractive offering that gives our employers flexibility and really tailors the product to their needs. So, I think that's why it's resonating in the marketplace.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Thank you. And I'd like to remind everyone if they could please limit themselves to one question, so that we can get to everyone in the queue, we would appreciate it. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Question about the group MA market. You guys have been growing that pretty nicely, but I think you said that in this quarter most of the increase was related to sales to existing group accounts, which I assume means commercial accounts where you are selling in the group MA side of things. So, if that's the case, it looks like also maybe your larger account ASO business is in decline. So, is there any negative implications of those two trends that you're selling mostly to your own customers, but you're seeing some attrition in that customer base? And what is, therefore, the long-term outlook on group MA?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Good morning, Kevin. So, what we meant on that comment about group MA is that we're in an existing group MA account where we materially expanded the amount of lives that were covered in that particular group MA account. It put more members into the group MA program rather than Medicare secondary. So, it's unrelated to the commercial side. We also won some nice smaller accounts as well and added organic growth in our existing business there too. So really the group MA business is performing quite well, but from a membership perspective as well as from a financial perspective. Obviously, the ASO commercial business, there are some opportunities to cross-sell and the like. That's not where we've been particularly focused, given the fact that we don't have a very large presence in the commercial ASO space, but I think we've been and the team has been very successful at going out and finding new accounts and competing where it makes sense from a financial perspective on some of these larger accounts. So like I said, we feel very good about how the group MA business is progressing.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, are you saying a slice business or are you saying med supp turning into MA?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Medicare secondary. It's effectively a med supp product that group accounts have the option they could go through a group MA product or more of a traditional supplementary wrap. So, in this one instance that I was referring to is that they are putting them into our group MA product, because it's compelling both from a financial perspective for the accounts. It also offers very attractive benefits for the beneficiary. So, it's really a win-win.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I just want to talk broadly about  or ask a question broadly about the benefits of a retail partnership and what you think would be the benefit to Humana and, specifically, the Medicare Advantage lives to have a more expanded retail partnership? Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We pride ourselves on partnerships in general. I mean, we've been successful both in providers, retailers, such as our Part D product that we have, along with other people that are part of the healthcare system. A retailer provides, I think, some interesting access points for customers that are more convenient. We would think that it would be closer aligned to more of a primary care clinic extended by some lighter care services that could be a referral source for that. And then obviously, any kind of distribution opportunities that would be created from that. Now in our Walmart relationship that we've had long-standing, we've had a very successful Part D relationship with them. In addition, we are part of their distribution, insurance distribution channel that they have and actually manage a lot of that for them. And we see that being in the stores as helpful and convenient for the customer, and in addition, it just drives further traffic to the clinical models and in addition to the distribution model.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: And I'm sorry, just a follow-up, Bruce, you've been selling MA. I know you've got folks in their stores. Is there meaningful growth in Medicare Advantage as part of that relationship? Or do you think there's more opportunity outside of the Part D to actually generate new sales leads and growth in MA as well?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We have  our market point sales people are in the stores, they would be selling both. They would be selling MA and Part D as a result of that. So, it's just another access point for people to, as they're in the store to learn more about the benefits of MA and Part D. And so, we do have our distribution channel inside the store there. And their customers are making decisions around Medicare.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A. J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hello, everybody. Thanks. I'm going to ask about capital deployment. It looks like you've laid out pretty well what you're going to do with the share repurchases you've done already and will do for the rest of the year. I guess when I think about what you're doing with home health and hospice, my original understanding and I might have been wrong, was that the Kindred at Home vehicle would be the vehicle to go forward and the primary focus would be on that self-funding its growth. I know you've stepped up and done this Curo, which may have been just an opportunistic one. But, do you see once you put those two together, is that vehicle now got the capability to self-fund what it's going to do in the future? Or do you see more capital commitments there? And I think two other areas you mentioned for capital, even in the prepared remarks, MA, geography expansion and capabilities expansion and physician acquisitions. Can you give us a sense of what might be the types of size and scope of capital outlays in those areas and whether you think you'll see something this year? Or are there projects that you're actively considering at this point?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, A. J. Let me take that one. So, I think on the other capital in Curo and Kindred, we feel pretty good about how that company is now positioned in terms of the capabilities that it has. Obviously, we'll always look for assets that make sense. Our sense today is that that business will be able to self-fund as they look for additional opportunities in the home health and hospice space. That said, we have a very good relationship with our private-equity partners, and if something makes sense, we would certainly look at it. But I think it's fair to say that from a sort of material capital deployment perspective as we sit here today, the $1.1 billion that I mentioned is the number that I think that we can feel pretty good about. As it relates to other potential deployment, it really  I mean, we obviously look at a number of things, I wouldn't be prepared today to commit to something specific in terms of size. We'll look at small transactions, for example, the FPG transaction versus we'll look at larger deals as well, that really depends. But I'm not prepared today to commit to specific capital spending levels. But whatever we do, we're pretty disciplined about how we deploy that capital. I think we're judicious about the optimal forms to get that capital. I think the Kindred deal is an example of that, and so we'll always look to deploy our capital optimally.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning. It's Dave Styblo in for Windley. I just want to come back to the Retail comments that you guys had made about early indications of some cost trends that you see that are looking favorable. I think you had spiked out the lower pre-authorizations, and then, of course flu was a little bit less than you had guided to. Can you flesh that out and just remind us what the guidance is for? Is that really just less flu and some prior-period development? Or are you factoring in any of the early indications from the pre-authorization trends? And any other data points on medical utilization that you could flag for us would be great.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. So, I would say a couple of things. There is some beneficial flu impact in there, but there's also, really focused on the first quarter, some of the early indicators of positive medical utilization that we've seen. As I mentioned, we haven't assumed that it carries forward, and I think we've been very reasonable in the amount of benefits we've recognized in the first quarter and in our guidance. As I mentioned, we just want to be, again, very prudent about the claims experience, recognizing that we're still early in the year. But particularly on the inpatient side, we are seeing favorability in our authorizations. And I would say, the other service categories are running fine as well. And so again, I think it's a good start to the year. We feel very good about how we are positioned from a medical cost trend perspective. Frankly, both for the Retail side and on the Group side, I'm sorry?
David Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And pharmacy trends. I know you mentioned the inpatient pre-authorization. Anything on pharmacy?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah, pharmacy, I would say also running well. Scripts are largely in line with our forecast, maybe slightly better, might be slightly lower than we had anticipated. There's some different mix issues and the like that impacts the cost. But overall, I would say, we're running in line or perhaps slightly better.
David Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. If I could just follow-up a little bit on that last question, one of the things we've noticed from the hospital this quarter is fairly large jump in acuity growth in the first quarter, probably more noticeable than any real volume pickup. Could you describe what visibility and/or lag you have between seeing inpatient census and pharma claims versus actual acuity of those claims? And I guess what I'm trying to get at, is there some lag between what you might be seeing on your pre-authorizations versus the actual acuity that comes through the claims once fully quoted?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. We can see preliminary data on that. I think it is fair to say that there is some higher acuity or what we call cost per admission, what we're seeing in the data. It's still something that we are analyzing, part of it may well be the fact that because more of the admissions are moving to outpatient as opposed to inpatient, what's left is a higher acuity level. But that's something that we are analyzing. But again overall, from an overall utilization perspective both rate and volume, we feel good about where we are.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zack Sopcak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Zachary Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the question. I just want to go back to the comments earlier on the Final Rate Notice and the opportunity to do supplemental benefits. Can you talk about your capabilities there, any capabilities you may need to add and what the opportunity you see as over the next couple of years if that remains? Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. One of the things about the supplemental benefits, details are still coming out. So, what they are and how they work are going to continue to need to be refined. But in general, over a number of years, we've been working on supplemental benefits through both connecting with charitable organizations, and at the same time, incorporating it in our process and workflow. At this time, I don't think there's anything that I would say that we couldn't deliver through partnerships and other means that would need to be altered in any fashion. We feel very, very equipped and capable as we look at both our clinical programs and the relationships in our communities.
Zachary Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning, guys. Wanted to ask a general question, just help us think about integrated care opportunities. Can you give us a general sense of sort of the mix of medical costs or the percent inpatient, outpatient drug? And sort of pursuant to that, I would be curious to know what sort of hip and knee surgeries represent as a percent of total and how much the bundle of care initiatives can save in broad strokes. Any kind of rule of thumb there would be helpful.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah, I'd rather not comment on specifics like that. As we've said in the past, inpatient is probably 25% to 30%; outpatient, another 25%; physician, I think is 15% or 20%, and we use some capitation in there; and pharmacy is the rest. But I think that's broadly what I would point to, so call it, 25% to 30% inpatient, and then call it 20% outpatient, 10% pharmacy, and then the rest sort of other and we have a bunch of different payments we make to our providers and the like, and capitation. So, that's how I sort of break out or frac out the medical spend. But as it relates to specific hip and knees, I'd rather not comment on that. But I would just say more broadly, we're always looking for opportunities to engage with our providers in a value-based way and we think bundles is an interesting opportunity and something that we continue to pursue.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We have a number of programs in the test-and-learn phase in different markets and we have found to have significant benefits both on outcomes and on cost. And we'll continue to pursue those on kind of more conditioned-based.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. Has Florida made any commitment to you to getting you to critical mass on the new products? As I look at the auto assignment algorithm, it says that it won't favor anyone's plan, but that's not really clear if that means round-robin or if it would at least get you to a minimum critical mass. And then does this win influence how you think about the need to go out and buy mixed books in order to continue your LTSS growth strategy? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Why don't I take the first question and then hand to Bruce. With regard to the sort of allocation, the algorithm methodology, there are some parameters laid out in the proposal. We feel good about sort of what I'd call material upside relative to our current revenue and membership. There could be some movement there, but I think we feel pretty good about how the methodology is laid out. Obviously, we've got to get through all the protests and the like, but that's really what I'd say on that front.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And the second front around acquisition and being able to build additional capabilities, we feel really good about the capabilities that we have from a clinical point of view and from a service point of view for the Medicaid population, both in the TANF area and, in addition, in the long-term support service area combined with the Medicare Advantage duals opportunity. Where I think we would constantly look to see if we needed additional capabilities would be in the procurement area, where there's already an existing relationship in that particular state or market, and the barriers-to-entry are much greater outside of just the core capabilities you have. And so, it would be more of a procurement review as opposed to a capability side.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line (50:21) with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you for taking my question. And congrats on the quarter. Just looking at the funding math here, you did Curo for $1.4 billion and Kindred for $800 million. And then you're guiding towards $500 million repurchases in the back of 2018. And if you use $1.1 billion of parent cash, should we expect you to tap the long-term debt markets anytime soon?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: I'd rather not comment specifically on our financing plans. Obviously, we'll ensure that we're adequately capitalized and have sufficient liquidity. We also have, as you know, a large commercial paper program. But again, just to make sure that you have the math right, it's $1.1 billion for both Kindred and Curo. So, there's a debt financing component that will be done at the asset specifically, would be non-recourse to Humana. And so that's where the $1.1 billion is. Effectively the $800 million we talked about before and approximately $300 million for Curo, that could move a little bit plus or minus. But that's probably how we're thinking about it. But we have sufficient capital to execute what we've laid out.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Well, great. Thank you again for our investors supporting the organization over the period of time you've been with us as an organization. That means a lot to us. And, of course, we couldn't do what we've done this quarter and throughout the year without the support and dedication of our 50,000 associates, and I thank them. So thank you, and everyone have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc. Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc. Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.
Analysts: Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Caitlin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana 4Q 2017 Earnings Call. Thank you. Amy Smith, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2017 results and our financial outlook for 2018. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the line for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides have been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our fourth quarter 2017 earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported full-year 2017 adjusted EPS of $11.71 or $16.81 on a GAAP basis, above our previous expectations of $11.60 adjusted EPS. We continue to make strong progress in advancing our integrated care delivery strategy, especially in deepening our clinical capabilities through long-term platform investments in the home and primary care. And our focus on and commitment to improving the member experience continues to pay off as this year, we saw significant improvement in our Stars results as well as our Net Promoter Scores, which increased by 500 basis points. It's through the combination of all our efforts from optimizing our infrastructure and operations to making critical investments in consumer and clinical capabilities that we've been able to achieve strong short-term results while creating long-term sustainability. We entered 2018 with a continued focus on this core strategy, dedicated to providing an integrated healthcare experience, built around the needs of our members and clinical partners, including offering personalized local care with an emphasis on the home and primary care providers. As I said at a recent investor conference, the cornerstone of our strategy is around the integration of primary care, pharmacy, home and behavioral health, while leveraging technology and analytics to create a holistic 360-degree view of the customer, and from that, drive a simplified, personalized experience for members that makes it easy for them to achieve their best health. Our strategy has continued to evolve over the last year and we've been very active in building our primary care model. As I indicated in last quarter's earnings call, in 2017, we launched 15 new clinics in 7 markets. Including our alliance and joint venture relationships and our fully owned clinics, we currently operate 195 clinics across 27 markets, with approximately 1,500 employed and affiliated physicians and advanced care providers serving nearly 260,000 individuals. We now own a number of brands in South Florida and Texas, including MetCare, Continucare and CAC medical centers and we have a joint venture relationship with MCCI. We are moving to an integrated model and are building a platform that will consolidate these brands in South Florida and Texas under one payer-agnostic physician brand called CONVIVA. CONVIVA will be a physician-centric and clinically-focused, tapping into the deep knowledge and knowhow of our primary care community to stimulate entrepreneurial thinking, resulting in an innovative model of care that will measurably improve our ability to serve our members and close gaps in care. The operations will be restructured as physician corporations, including physician leadership with incentives aligned around driving improved clinical outcomes. CONVIVA will help to ease the administrative burden on clinicians, allowing more time for clinical management while at the same time providing a better care experience for patients with personalized care to meet individual needs. Our strategy is for CONVIVA to provide local depth and drive both Healthcare Service and Medicare Advantage growth opportunities with greater member access and engagement in health over the long term. We believe this new, simplified structure will help us to continue to build trust throughout Florida and Texas markets, improving operations while continuing to make strategic investments in the business. We currently serve nearly 30% of our Florida individual Medicare Advantage HMO members and nearly 50% of our Texas individual Medicare HMO members in clinics under CONVIVA. At the same time, we are continuing to invest in our care delivery organization through our wholly-owned partners in primary care, senior-focused, payer-agnostic clinics, and through our national management service organization, Transcend. Combination of CONVIVA and our wholly-owned provider assets enable the acceleration of our commitment to creating a national footprint of high-performing, senior-focused primary care physicians, helping in their efforts to improve member health outcomes through the integrated care delivery model. As demonstrated on this  on the slide, as providers move along the care continuum in the path to risk, we see higher HEDIS scores for those providers in our value-based model with shared savings and losses as compared to those in a performance bonus-only model, with both cohorts significantly exceeding the scores achieved in a fee-for-service model. We will leverage these improved clinical capabilities to manage the health of our current members as well as drive increased membership growth in the future. One area we see opportunity for growth is the D-SNP population. We are seeing certain states begin to make a greater link between Medicare and Medicaid Long-Term Support Service capabilities for the D-SNP population. We believe the strong provider capabilities I just discussed, our entry into the Long-Term Support Services, or LTSS, business via our acquisition of American Eldercare in 2013 and our focus on care in the home, including our existing Humana At Home operations and our recently announced acquisition of a 40% interest in Kindred at Home, provides us the leverage and experience we need to set the groundwork for serving the D-SNP population. Kindred at Home is the nation's largest home health provider, with a 65% geographic overlap with our individual Medicare Advantage population. And we've already been successful in Florida with our LTSS offering, currently serving more than 20,000 members. We also provide LTSS benefits through our demonstration program in Illinois. We've invested in technology through our CareHub/CGX clinical workflow system to offer an integrated, comprehensive approach to utilization and care management, supporting LTSS and MA populations holistically. Most of the 20,000 members we serve under the LTSS program are established in the community and we've been able to prevent admissions to nursing homes. In addition, and notably, we supported over 1,700 Florida LTSS members, transitioning from a nursing home setting to the community since 2014. We will continue to monitor the link between the Medicare and Medicaid population as it relates to serving D-SNP members and assess the need for a broader Medicaid platform as states evolve over time. We believe the combination of our LTSS business and our strength of our Medicare Advantage offerings with our integrated care delivery model positions us to be a strong competitor to serve the Medicaid dual-eligible population. Turning now to 2018. We recently raised our net individual Medicare Advantage membership growth expectations for the year to a range of 180,000 to 200,000, primarily as a result of better retention and strong sales during the recently completed Annual Election Period, or AEP. Approximately 40% of our individual gross sales during the AEP came from competitor Medicare Advantage offerings. From a geographic perspective, we saw market share gains in most states, with some of our largest gains in Florida, Texas, Arizona and Illinois. We also raised our 2018 group Medicare Advantage membership expectations to 65,000 to 70,000, primarily as a result of increased sales in our existing group Medicare Advantage accounts. We would like to thank all of our Humana associates for their tireless efforts to ensure a successful AEP. Our strong AEP growth, together with the recently passed tax reform law, provides momentum into 2018. And today, we announced initial guidance of $13.50 to $14 on an adjusted basis for the year. This represents an increase of 15% to 20% over adjusted EPS of $11.71 for 2017. Brian will go into more detail in his remarks, but I do want to comment on tax reform. We are using roughly half of the benefit from the tax reform to recognize and reward our employees, invest in the communities we serve and invest in our business to drive long-term value creation for our shareholders. Our steadfast commitment to simplifying the healthcare experience, making coverage more affordable and improving health outcomes for seniors, for TRICARE beneficiaries and for our employer group members remain our top priority and is guiding our decision as to how to allocate tax reform proceeds. A few weeks ago, we announced to our employees that we are increasing the minimum hourly rate in the Continental U.S. for full- and part-time employees to $15 as well as accelerating into 2018 an employee performance-based incentive compensation program originally planned to begin in 2019. The program will apply broadly to full- and part-time employees who did not otherwise participate in an incentive plan, which will add more than 28,000 employees to such programs. This tightens the alignment between our employees' performance and pay and allows them to be rewarded for our long-term business performance and for the outstanding contributions they make to those who we serve, driving long-term growth for our shareholders. In addition, we intend to make investments in the communities we serve to aid in addressing the social determinants of health for seniors. We also plan to accelerate investments in technology, including data analytics and in operational processes designed to reduce friction points for our members, making healthcare coverage more affordable, and administrative costs, leading to increased productivity and long-term sustainability. In closing, as described in our news release this morning, our Board of Directors has voted to raise our cash dividend to $0.50 per share, an increase of 25% from the company's previous dividend of $0.40 per share. This announcement comes on the heels of a year in which we returned over $3.5 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends, including a 38% increase in our historical per-share dividend in early 2017. Before I turn the call over to Brian, I want to take a moment to welcome the new TRICARE members we are serving under the contract with the United States Department of Defense, which took effect January 1. We have participated in the TRICARE program since 1996 and we are honored to serve nearly 6 million members across 32 states under the new East Region contract, an increase of nearly 3 million members from our previous TRICARE contract. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $2.06 for the fourth quarter and $11.71 for the full year 2017, which is ahead of our previous expectations. In addition, we posted strong operating cash flows of over $4 billion for the year. We are proud of our accomplishments in 2017, a year in which we emerged from an extended transaction process with excellent financial results, driven by our clear and focused strategy to improve the health of seniors living with chronic conditions. We continue to exceed our initial adjusted earnings guidance expectations throughout the year, led by the Retail segment and our individual Medicare Advantage offerings. This outperformance, coupled with multiple productivity initiatives, which I will discuss in a moment, allowed us to make important investments in our business to position us well for 2018. Specifically, we were able to maintain stable benefits for our members, which resulted in strong AEP growth for our Medicare franchise in the face of significant headwinds, in particular, the return of the nondeductible health insurance fee in 2018. Our Retail segment significantly outperformed our initial expectations for 2017, with individual Medicare Advantage pre-tax margins finishing the year above the high end of our 4.5% to 5% target. This was largely the result of favorable MA medical utilization trends relative to our pricing assumptions, which in no small measure was the result of our operational focus on driving our trend vendor initiatives. This above-plan annual Retail performance, coupled with fourth quarter Healthcare Services and Group and Specialty pre-tax results that exceeded expectations, provided us with the opportunity in the quarter to enhance our AEP marketing spend, further invest in the building out of our integrated care delivery model, which delivers better care and value to members; and to increase performance-based incentive compensation for thousands of our associates. It is worth noting that the fourth quarter Retail results also reflect the slight impact from the flu, which increased above typical seasonal averages during December and has persisted through January. With respect to the fourth quarter outperformance in our Group and Specialty segment, our TRICARE business meaningfully exceeded expectations by earning performance bonuses related to the final settlement of several years in our prior contract. I would also like to reiterate what Bruce said in his remarks that as an organization, we are truly honored to have the privilege to serve the approximately 6 million members under the new TRICARE contract that began on January 1, 2018. Regarding Healthcare Services, which came in ahead of expectations in the fourth quarter as well, our provider organization benefited from claims trend improvements related to recent initiatives as well as onetime settlements related to certain joint venture arrangements. We also saw the mail order rate in our Pharmacy business end the year slightly higher versus what we had contemplated when we last issued guidance. I would like to turn now to the efforts we have made to reduce administrative spend across the company. Over the last several years, and particularly in 2017, we put a tremendous amount of effort into streamlining our operations not only to drive down costs, but also to enhance the customer and provider experience and increase the reliability of our critical processes. As slide 11 shows, we have made significant strides in reducing our administrative spend, resulting in meaningful cost savings. While the adjusted operating cost ratio ticked up slightly in 2017 to 11.7%, which was above our initially targeted range, this reflected, as I've mentioned previously, increased investments in a number of initiatives across the enterprise to advance our strategy as well as to recognize our associates' great work through higher compensation that was made possible by our significant outperformance on the medical cost side. The 2017 productivity initiatives focused on, among other things, rationalizing several of our critical processes end to end across silos, including claims processing, member communications and member inquiries and issues to streamline inefficiencies and remove friction points while simplifying the experience for our customers and providers. One small example of our success in this regard was to reduce call transfers in our customer service areas by 13% in 2017, which reduces costs and meaningfully improves customer satisfaction. The productivity initiatives undertaken in 2017 are expected to result in hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental savings for 2018, a portion of which will be classified as a reduction in medical costs versus operating costs. Excluding the planned incremental investment spend resulting from tax reform that Bruce discussed earlier and the impact of the health insurance fee, which returned in 2018, we expect an adjusted operating cost ratio of approximately 10.7% for 2018, a decline of 230 basis points from 2013 on an apples-to-apples basis. This improvement is significant and is as a result of the tremendous effort of our associates and I would like to thank them for all the diligent and essential work they did in 2017 to position us well for 2018 and beyond. We are committed as an organization to continuing these productivity initiatives in the years ahead to enhance our processes across the board to further drive down costs while also improving customer and provider satisfaction and clinical outcomes. I would like to turn now to 2018 and the tax reform law. The new tax law has taken our effective tax rate to approximately 33% for 2018. The excess above the federal rate of 21% in the tax reform legislation for 2018 is primarily due to the return of the health insurance fee, which is nondeductible for tax purposes as well as state and local taxes. Excluding the HIF, our effective tax rate would be approximately 24%. The incremental gross benefit from tax reform for the company is an estimated $550 million of savings on an after-tax basis or approximately $4 of EPS. First, we do not expect a material impact from either MER rebates or the reimbursement of the nondeductible HIF in relation to group accounts. As Bruce described earlier, we intend to invest approximately $275 million of the after-tax benefit from tax reform or approximately $2 of EPS. We are taking the opportunity to recognize and align all of our associates' incentives directly with our shareholders, in particular by accelerating into 2018 the previously planned performance incentives for 2019 as well as by investing both in the communities we serve and directly in our business to drive long-term value creation and sustainability. It is important to note that a majority of the investments will show up in the operating cost line and will be allocated to the Retail segment, which will therefore result in a decline in pre-tax margins for our individual MA business and the Retail segment as a whole. However, we remain committed over time to achieving individual MA pre-tax margins in the range of 4.5% to 5%, providing an important source of earnings growth in the years ahead. Turning to 2018 guidance. We're guiding to adjusted 2018 EPS of $13.50 to $14, which includes approximately $2 per share net benefit from tax reform after taking into account the investments we have discussed. Slide 13 walks from the adjusted 2017 EPS to the reset 2017 baseline that we discussed in prior quarters. It is important to reiterate that in 2017, we experienced meaningful outperformance in our Retail segment, with individual MA pre-tax margins running above our target range. As previously communicated, we invested the approximately 100 basis points of outperformance in the Retail segment benefit ratio or $380 million in our benefit design for 2018. This investment, combined with the productivity initiatives discussed above, coupled with medical cost trend vendors, allowed us to overcome the return of the health insurance fee and our remaining, those significantly reduced Stars headwind, as well as stranded costs associated with our Individual Commercial business. This helped fuel our solid MA membership growth during AEP. In addition, we do not forecast Group and Specialty segment PPD, and therefore, we exclude PPD experienced in 2017 from the baseline. Lastly, we incurred a number of onetime expenses of approximately $250 million that we have discussed today and in prior quarters, which we do not expect to recur in 2018. Adjusting for these items, our 2017 baseline remains approximately $11, consistent with our commentary in prior quarters. On Slide 14, we build off this baseline, showing the net operating improvement in our business as well as the impact of share repurchase prior to the tax reform investments. In addition, we also show a $0.62 EPS headwind from pre-reform tax items, primarily the increase in the nondeductible HIF in 2018 over the HIF assumed in our 2017 adjusted results. Finally, we layer in the $2 impact of tax reform net of investments to arrive at our adjusted 2018 EPS of $13.50 to $14. As the slide shows, prior to tax reform-related investments, we expect to see approximately $190 million in pre-tax improvement or $0.83 of EPS over the 2017 baseline, while also generating approximately $0.54 of EPS from capital deployment, primarily the result of the accelerated $1 billion repurchase we commenced in December of 2017 as well as the $500 million of open market repurchases we completed in the fourth quarter of 2017. All in, these numbers, apart from the impact of tax reform and adjusting slightly for an elevated flu season, are consistent with the high-level guidance we provided our investors on the third quarter conference call. Now I will provide some additional 2018 color on each of our business segments. In our Retail segment, whose results are primarily driven by individual Medicare Advantage performance, we experienced solid growth during AEP, exceeding our initial expectations, and we continue to expect individual MA membership growth of 180,000 to 200,000 members, up 6% to 7% as a result of both strong sales and better-than-expected retention. It is important to remind investors that new Humana members are typically breakeven in the first year as it takes time to get them into our clinical programs and accurately document it from a risk score perspective. Taking into account this higher-than-expected growth, which increases revenue while not impacting profitability, coupled with the decision to maintain stable benefits for our members in the face of the headwinds we have described, our guidance assumes we'll be below our target margin range for individual MA. Again, this is consistent with our discussion on our third quarter call. Additionally, once we layer in the investments we are making for long-term sustainability as a result of tax reform, this will further reduce the pre-tax margin of the segment, though, of course, this is more than offset on the after-tax line by the lower tax rate we will pay. It is important to reiterate what I said above, namely that individual MA pre-tax margin improvement into our targeted range over time provides a significant source of earnings growth in the years ahead. Turning now to our Group and Specialty segment. We expect core trend to run 6%, plus or minus 50 basis points, slightly higher than what we saw in 2017, which was closer to the low end of this range. In addition, recall that I noted earlier that 4Q 2017 includes higher earned incentive payments under our previous TRICARE contract that are not expected to recur in 2018. In addition, while we expect to realize operating cost efficiency in 2018 from the 2017 productivity initiatives, some of the investment spend related to tax reform will show up in Group and Specialty. And as described above, we do not assume prior period development will recur. Given these items taken as a whole, we are guiding to a pre-tax range of $350 million to $400 million of pre-tax, slightly below 2017 levels. Moving to Healthcare Services. We expect 2018 pre-tax to be below that of 2017. This is primarily the result of three factors. First, the segment will feel the full-year impact in 2018 from the optimization of our chronic care management programs that took place throughout 2017, ensuring that our clinicians and social workers engage only with members who truly can benefit from clinical intervention. Second, our provider services business will experience lower pre-tax due to lower Medicare rates year-over-year in geographies where our provider assets are primarily located as well as the cost of the organic build-out of our primary care assets in certain markets. Finally, this segment will bear some of the costs of the incremental investments we are making as a result of tax reform. While we do expect an increase in the pre-tax results of our pharmacy business, it will not be sufficient to offset these items, in part because the increase will be more modest this year than in prior years as the segment impact from the growth in our MA membership is partially offset by the loss of members in our standalone PDP plans. Furthermore, while our PDP losses are concentrated in low-income auto-assigns who are lower utilizers of mail order, there are some traditional PBM services, pre-tax, associated with them. And more importantly, growth in our low-price Walmart plan, where we have seen the highest mail order usage relative to our other products, will, as previously discussed, be lower growth than what we've seen historically. As a result, we're guiding to a pre-tax range for the segment of $825 million to $875 million. Turning to our expected quarterly progression of earnings, we expect first quarter to represent approximately 23% of full year 2018 adjusted EPS, with the remaining quarters following the normal seasonal pattern we have seen historically. I'd like to now briefly discuss capital deployment for 2018. We recognize the importance of returning capital to shareholders. And as I mentioned, this past December, we announced a refreshed stock repurchase program of $3 billion through the end of 2020 and launched an accelerated share repurchase program of $1 billion. Our guidance also assumes approximately $500 million of repurchase in 2018 after the ASR is completed. In addition, as Bruce discussed, today we announced that our Board of Directors increased our cash dividend by 25% to $0.50 per share, a meaningful increase. As it relates to parent cash and tax reform, while income generated by the Healthcare Services business gets the benefit of tax reform immediately, it is important to keep in mind that the timing of a majority of the cash benefit of reform to the parent will be realized in 2019 as there's a middle impact expected for current year dividends from our regulated insurance subsidiaries. This is because subsidiary dividends are generally based on prior year net income. From an M&A perspective, we continue to look at strategic acquisitions to build out our capabilities, particularly in the primary care arena, but we also continually look for any other assets that could enhance our Healthcare Services segments. Additionally, we would also have interest in Medicare Advantage assets that increase our presence in underpenetrated markets. We continue to target a total debt-to-capitalization ratio of 30% to 35%, consistent with the rating agency expectations, with the ability to go higher for the right strategic opportunity. Finally, I would like to make a brief comment about the health insurance fee, or HIF. We are very pleased that Congress waived the fee for 2019, recognizing that the imposition of the HIF falls disproportionately on Medicare beneficiaries and reduces affordability. As we gear up for the 2019 bid season, we will analyze both the pre-tax and post-tax impacts of the HIF moratorium, along with other critical factors, including the Final Rate Notice in April, the benefits of tax reform and the expectations for whether the HIF will be reimposed in 2020. From a competitive perspective, we will be limited in what we will say about our 2019 bid strategy until our bids are approved later in the year. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink. Your line is open.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Ana, are you there?
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Hi, thanks, good morning. Yes. The question was about capital deployment and your decision on the $2 in EPS for 2018. Is that assumed to be on a continuing basis into 2019? And as far as the disposition of that, will it remain the same? Might you consider thinking about deploying it into more physician purchase or towards Star ratings or maybe even to flow through the benefits? And is that going to drive membership gains and/or margins into 2019 from the 2018 expenditure and then going into forward from 2019?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, let me take that in two parts. There's really two elements to your question. One is how do we think about the earnings benefit of the tax reform and the other is what do we do with the additional cash that we have. From the earnings benefit, we're really not prepared to talk about 2019. What we've said is that the 4.5% to 5% pre-tax margin is important to us. We've remained committed to that over time. But we'll assess the strategic landscape as we go into the bid season for 2019, including the tax reform, including the rate notice that we just got the preliminary rates on. Obviously, the HIF is a very good thing for beneficiaries and for all of our constituents at Humana not coming back or being waived for 2019. And so we'll take all that into account as we think about our 2019 bid design and what portion we reinvest in benefits versus taking to shareholders. But again, I would just reiterate our 4.5% to 5% pre-tax margin over time as we think about the redeployment of these tax proceeds over time. From a cash perspective, again, I think where Bruce was going and what I talked about in our remarks, we are continually looking for M&A opportunities. This does result in additional cash. We'll invest that in our communities. We'll invest that in our business. We're investing it in our customers. We're looking for opportunities to expand and enhance our integrated care delivery model and really add additional capabilities to our assets. And so we will continually do that with these proceeds.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks, Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. This is Steve Baxter on for Justin. I wanted to ask about the outlook for the individual Medicare Advantage business. Guidance for the Retail segment margins, clearly in the low 3% range, which presumably individual Medicare Advantage would need to be around given the size of that business. I guess, first, can you clarify in your discussion about margins and margin targets whether that includes or excludes the reinvestment spend specifically for Medicare Advantage? It would seem to be about a 50 basis point margin headwind if included. And then finally, given that we're now five years out from the introduction of the health insurer fee in 2014, can you give some perspective on how long you think it's going to take to realize target margins? Is this something that's possible in 2019 given the suspension of the health insurer fee? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Good morning. Let me start with the margin question and then talk about the HIF. Without giving specifics on our individual MA margin, I would just remind you some of the commentary that we've made, which is we finished the year slightly above our margin target, so we finished above the 5%. We said on the third quarter call that we would be slightly below our margin target before tax reform came about and that was the result of investing this outperformance into our benefit design for the reasons we've discussed to overcome meaningful headwinds and to ensure that we would really produce a good product that our customers would be excited about, and I think we accomplished that goal. And so the margin then, if you then roll from there, I think you got to think about that the revenue was a little bit higher than we had forecast. And as I mentioned in my remarks, these new members tend not to generate significant profitability until they get into our clinical programs and are documented appropriately. And then from there, I think it's important to think about the tax reform $2 (00:38:00) allocated really primarily to individual Medicare Advantage. Given just the size of the business and also the nature of the investments that we want to make, they're naturally going to fall in the individual MA category, and so that would further impact the margin. And then finally, there is some flu impact that we're assuming. And so taken altogether, I think that gives you a sense of how we're thinking about our individual MA margin for 2018. We're not prepared to comment today on the timing as it relates to getting back to our 4.5% to 5%. Again, as I said in the prior question, it's important to assess where we are from a strategic perspective and how our product is positioned. But we are, as I said, committed to that over time. And therefore that, we believe, provides significant earnings power for the company going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks, and hi, everybody. Let me ask about M&A for a second. One is you're in the midst, obviously, of the home health joint venture you're setting up. I think in the prepared remarks you said you were at 65% overlap with your MA lives. What is the thought about that going forward? Is that 65% sort of good for you or are you trying to get more overlap? Is that going to grow organically? Are you going to end up putting more capital into that business? And any comment on why that structure? And then also just on M&A, there was a comment in the prepared remarks about evaluating whether it makes sense to have a broader Medicaid platform. What are the pros and cons of that in your mind and what are you guys thinking about there?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: A.J., good morning. Let me try to take those two. First, on the home side, we'll continue to build out geographic presence over time. It's not an urgency for us today, but we would do it through the Kindred platform. They, traditionally, as you probably know, have always been in the market of buying smaller agencies and being able to expand their geographic coverage. And so we would do it through the capital that would be coming from the cash flow of the Kindred and use it from that particular capital base. The second part of your question is really around the Medicaid platform. We continue to have a high interest in the dual-eligible population and we've been consistent of that since really the demo project came out in 2011. We find today that we have a great opportunity with the Long-Term Support Service and the D-SNP combination and we're seeing that in the marketplace as being a more direct way to support the dual-eligible and going through the Long-Term Support Service contracting mechanism. What we  and so we'll continue down that road and continue to participate in RFPs and there's a few of them out there right now in the Long-Term Support Service area and then combine that with the D-SNP product. What we don't know is how the procurement process will evolve over time and we've been pretty consistent about this. If the procurement process is going to require us to be in the TANF business in a more comprehensive fashion, then we would look at a Medicaid platform. But in the short run, we're not convinced that's going to be the case. We believe that we have the solid capability from the Long-Term Support Service area, as evidenced between our platform that we have today and the servicing of that in Florida specifically, but in other states and our Medicare Advantage being able to support a very large number of D-SNP. And the combination of those two we think will carry us in the Medicaid program going forward. But if we couldn't, then we would look at a procurement or if it was wrapped into the procurement, we would look at a Medicaid platform.
A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thank you.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Bruce, just wanted to come back to some of your comments early in the call on CONVIVA. I'm trying to better understand, are you trying to signal that the brand, the single brand marks an acceleration in provider consolidation? Or is this just simply done for seniors to help with retention and just overall MA selling? Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: It's actually a combination of both. I would say first, we have had these platforms in the organization for a period of time and they've been performing quite well. But we see the opportunity to leverage the platform into one, both from an administrative point of view, secondarily, really converting it from a staff model to more of a model that is physician-led and a PC model to create and stimulate entrepreneurship in the leadership area of the physicians. And then thirdly, we see it as a platform to continue to grow in the marketplace, both via acquisition and in addition, organically. And this is a continued step in our belief that primary care, with a senior focus, is a differentiation and an active part of how we feel we can continue to increase the member experience and decrease the cost of care. And this is just one of those that is also complemented by a more national approach with our  this is more Florida and Texas orientation, but a more national focus with our primary  partners in primary care platform we have.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks a lot.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: You're welcome.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. Wanted to go back to the tax reform discussion because I guess what you're saying is you're not changing your long-term pre-tax margin target, but over time, you expect to maintain more than 50% of, I guess, of the tax reform benefit. So I guess I just want to understand a little bit more about how you get back to maintaining more of that benefit. It sounds like, to some degree, you're implementing a 2019 initiative that you would have done anyway now in 2018, so that really wouldn't impact your long-term view about that aspect of the cost. But then anything else like that that you're kind of accelerating into this year that you would've planned to do anyway? And then on top of that, when we think about the investments for growth, how do you think about the returns of those investments? And are those things that you're going to do now and if they generate growth, that helps you leverage margin, great, if not, you'll dial that back over time? How do you think about that?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure and good morning, Kevin. So I would say in terms of how we get back to that margin, you are correct in pointing out the acceleration of those performance measures for the broader associate base, which is not an insignificant number in terms of the money that we're investing, and so that is one area. But I think it's important just to step back and really look at our productivity initiatives that we're taking. A lot of the work that we're doing around the trend vendor side, the Kindred acquisition, all the elements that Bruce discussed in terms of deploying our assets on the primary care side, making it easier for our customers, ultimately, that results in better outcomes for our members. They're healthier and that results in lower cost, and that results in higher margins and higher growth. And so it's really a combination of factors that leads us to commit to and believe that, that 4.5% to 5% over time is something that we feel good about. Obviously, it's a year-by-year discussion as it is every year and you take into account a whole list of factors as we did this year in 2018 when, for example, the health insurance fee came back. The rate environment was a little bit less than trend as we know. Going into 2019, we'll see where the final rate environment ends up, but that feels a little better. Obviously the HIF is going away for the year. And so there are a number of elements that you consider as you think about bidding margin. Over time, we are committed, as we've said multiple times, to our EPS target of 11% to 15%. And that's ultimately what we're trying to achieve to grow a very large company at an 11% to 15%, it's something that we're committed to doing and it's something that we believe we can do. And we want to create multiple levers to be able to create that growth. And whether that's top-line growth or increasing margin, every year, it's a different calculus. But ultimately, that's what we're trying to achieve.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'm going to try to come at the 4.5% to 5% a little different way. I guess I'm curious what you would  Brian, you've emphasized several times this morning over time, what would management view as a reasonable period of time to achieve that? Or said differently, what would be the amount of time that could pass and you not get there and that would be unreasonable?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, again, we're not giving multiyear guidance, specific EPS guidance here on this call. I understand the need to understand that and we're  I think what we're trying to communicate is that we're committed to this margin level. Obviously, we'll evaluate where we are in 2019 and beyond and see what makes sense. It's important that to create sustainability for the enterprise that we have top-line growth. We are, I think, demonstrated that we are back in the markets in a very significant way this year; our intention is to do that again in 2019. And the good news is we have some tailwinds, particularly the HIF. And so those are the types of things that we consider as we think about our long-term margin targets. But again, I think over time, as you think about your modeling and what we want to generate is that that 11% to 15% EPS growth over time. And over the last few years, if you, I think, look at our EPS growth, you've seen that, and that's really our target here.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: If I could ask quickly, so in your answer to Kevin, you talked about the investment in incentives for employees being a significant number. Is it possible to give us kind of ballpark how the $2 of reinvestment breaks out in terms of what would seem to be more permanent and what's more discretionary?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. If you take the $2, I would say a little bit less than half of that $2 relates to some of the employee initiatives that we've undertaken here.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Super. Thank you.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. Can you talk about your view of the group MA market, the long-term or midterm growth profile of that market? And then it seems like several of your competitors are talking about stepping up their effort in the group MA market. So what is Humana's strategy to either maintain or grow market share?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I would say the group market is sort of bumpy. It's more lumpy maybe is a better description that to  we'll get some large employers that will put contracts out for bid and you get a large number. And so when we think about the group business, we think about it, first, it's a very lumpy business. The second is we have seen employers and we don't know what this year's rate notice is going to do, but we've seen employers also begin to move some of their membership to an individual product and create a subsidy there as opposed to just doing a group membership or a large contract. So we see that trend going forward. We  and then the third thing we see is very competitive and we are much more thoughtful on how we price our products and go after those particular groups because they seem to be on the low end of the margin and they seem to also be very aggressive on the renewals and the contracts. And so you invest a significant amount of time. So I would say that we are more cautious than probably our competitors on this for the reasons it's lumpy, it's very price competitive and we also see trends of people moving away from the group to individual product.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. So all in, would that mean that you see the market for the group growing slower than the Retail Medicare market?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We see it  in some years, like this year, was a really good year for group, and so you might see it exceed it. But I would say that the individual market, we believe, is a better growing and more consistent growth than what we would see in group.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Hi, thanks, good morning. Apologize for harping on this tax benefit, but I just want to understand a little bit more about the decision-making process. So first, if you think about the gross benefit of $4 and I think of that in percentage terms, your screen is a little bit higher than the peers. So I'm just curious if there's any reason why you guys would see a bigger tax benefit than the others. And then more specifically on the reinvestment, as you guys were thinking about the process by which you were going to reinvest that, putting back 50% just to reinvest and that similarly screens is above what your peers have done. And so my question was  is more around the thought process. Was that, hey, things are good, we're going to be able to make our long-term EPS growth rate even with reinvesting 50% of it in, so we might as well take advantage? Or was it a, the competitive environment is really tough. We've got to make sure that we stay competitive, that these investments are really needed to make sure that we can get, hopefully, market-like growth next year?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I think the  Joshua, the orientation really was around how do we  what is the best use of the proceeds from a long-term return to the shareholders. And really, we went through a number of different levels. First is just to ensure we're shored up on the employee side and continue to reward employees to be excited about being part of Humana and that was the first level of discussion. And we looked at that as two ways. First is to pay an adequate wage and there was some of our staff that was not at the levels that I think sort of the labor environment is looking at, so that's why we raised the $15. The second was really to create an alignment and we had been planning for this for some time, alignment of our non-bonus associates to be aligned with the performance of the organization. And we feel that benefits everybody and it creates some transparency to our employees on the performance and gives them a sort of a vested interest into it. And then in addition, I think having 28,000 additional employees working on behalf of the shareholders and our customers is a good thing. And so we felt that as opposed to giving a $1,000 bonus or some other factor, we felt that this bonus and accelerating the bonus was much more valuable to the shareholders. So those two things were around our associates. Around the investment side, we really then led to how do we invest in the areas that are really important for the organization longer term, in technology and analytics and all those aspects that really are on the income statement. There's some capital deployment, but there's a lot of income statement related investments there that we were going to do over a period of time. And what this has allowed us to do is to accelerate those investments and put those in and do it in a more proactive fashion. And that's why Brian continues to reinsure the investors that the 4.5% to 5% margin is an important part for us in the longer term because what we're doing is we are accelerating some things that we have been doing and anticipating to do in the current year and maybe 2019 to allow us to accelerate both the success of the organization, increased productivity, better experience et cetera, but at the same time to focus on getting to those longer-term margins. So I would say that it's an acceleration of investments, not an additional investments outside the $15 an hour investment. So I don't know if that helps you, Josh?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah, let me just answer your first part of your  sorry, go ahead, Josh.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Thanks, Brian. Yeah, no, I was going to say on the first part as well. Thank you.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. So the first part of the question, it's important to remember that because we are Medicare-focused, we bear a disproportionate amount of the health insurance fee. Health insurance fee is a premium tax and it's nondeductible. And so because our per-member per-month premiums are higher, we get a higher amount of the HIF allocated to us relative to other businesses. And so because it's nondeductible, we get a bigger benefit from a lower tax rate. So the impact of the non-deductibility is effectively higher for us because we have more HIF, so we get a bigger benefit when the tax rate goes down. Does that make sense?
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Okay. And I'm sorry  yeah, no, that makes a ton of sense. Just on the first part that Bruce was speaking to, I guess I just want to sort of again bring this back to, did you feel as though this was required from a competitive standpoint or was this really Humana's got this long-term plan and now we've got a great opportunity to really accelerate that while still taking care of our employees?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I think it's the latter more than the former. I think we're  I mean, we still  our strategy continues to  we have a high degree of confidence in being able to compete, so I don't think it was a competitive reaction. It was much more around accelerating our capabilities and creating that alignment.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. You talked about allocating all the investment spending in the MA segment. Why would that be the case? I guess at least some if not a healthy portion of the investment spending would be related to the Services segment. And then also wanted to ask on the HIF, obviously back in 2018, but you get reprieve in 2019. Last year, for the holiday, you didn't run it through the adjusted EPS. Just wondering how you're thinking about it or what would trigger your assumption to actually sort of run it through to the adjusted EPS line for next year. Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure, good morning, Ralph. So it is true that the Healthcare Services segment will absolutely get some of the investment dollars. So it's just that the individual MA business, given its relative size and also some of the investments we're making, will fall in individual MA. But Healthcare Services, just by virtue of obviously a number of employees in Healthcare Services and the like, they will get their allocations and other investments as well. So I just want to make that clear that it will be allocated. The Group and Specialty business will get some of it as well. As it relates to excluding or not excluding the tax benefit of the HIF from EPS, our expectation is to include it as part of our normal earnings. In light of the fact that it's now had a holiday twice, I think we'd really not be able to exclude it from earnings. So you should assume it will be included in our earnings guidance in 2019, the tax benefit.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And that was $2.15 that didn't get run through last year? Is that right?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: That's right. It was $2.15. If you think about the 2019 benefit more as a sort of north of $1.75 is the way I think about it because of the lower  that's just a tax benefit. But remember, you get non-deductibility at a lower rate. So I would think of $1.75, $1.80-ish for 2019.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: But it's a tax benefit only, yes.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from of the line of Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I actually had two, one on CONVIVA and then maybe one more on just sort of the numbers around tax reform. On CONVIVA, you guys mentioned building out a national footprint for provider assets. And understanding that these are multipayer sort of local businesses, I'd be curious to get some color on which markets you'll focus on first and what kind of local characteristics you're looking at to decide whether that investment is worthwhile. And then on tax reform, is it fair to think about the $2 figure as an after-tax number and then take your consolidated tax rate and say the reinvestment in our pre-tax base is probably closer to $400 million plus, and it sounded like maybe $200 million of that would be recurring in employee wages, suggesting nonrecurring investments are somewhere in that range, $200 million plus? And if I just look at that on the Retail segment, it's maybe about 45 bps of the margin rate compression that's being guided to here. Is that all fair?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Why don't I start with that, then let Bruce answer the CONVIVA question. Without getting into too much detail, I think it's fair to say that the $4 or the $2 is clearly an after-tax number, and so you would gross that up by our effective tax rate excluding the HIF. So we said, call it, the 24-ish percent is what you would effectively gross it up by to get to the pre-tax equivalent, which would then be invested. I'm not going to give allocations of how that fracs out between the segments other than just refer back to my prior commentary on how it will be allocated. All the segments will get some. It's fair to say that Retail will get a good portion of the investment dollars. But broadly, you're thinking about it right. You should gross it up to get it to a pre-tax equivalent level using our tax rate ex the HIF, and that will give you a sense of what the pre-tax dollars of investment are.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: On CONVIVA, the short-term strategy today is really focused on the existing markets they're in and operationalize the combined organization and to continue to penetrate that. So that would be South Florida and Texas as being the two primary-oriented markets there. Keep in mind we also have a national opportunity too through our Partners in Primary Care such that today we have opened up a number of those clinics, along with our investments in our affiliated clinics that we have. And so as we think about this, and we've done this over the years, there's really a multi-pronged approach geographically in what we bring to the marketplace. I would say we continue to focus on it being agnostic. And today, all our assets that we have in investments in are agnostic and are taking other payers and so we will continue to do that. And frankly, that's why they're branded as a non-Humana brand. We will  but we will orient in areas where we have either a significant amount of membership that is really oriented  is required to find value-based partners. And if we can't find them in the marketplace, then we'll bring our capabilities. We always start with what is in the market. And if there are strong players in the marketplace that we can create a deeper relationship with, then we'll leverage that relationship. If there is not, then we'll bring our particular capabilities to the marketplace. So I would say it's locally specific. It is highly dependent on the fragmentation and the risk level of the providers in the marketplace. And I would also say that CONVIVA will be more Texas and South Florida-oriented.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Maybe I'll just continue on the thread that you were talking to. I've been around long enough to remember when you had wholly-owned centers or what you called WOCs. Can you just talk to what's changed environmentally that makes you comfortable owning providers today where you were divesting them, call it, 20 years ago and maybe how your strategy about owning is different than it was then?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Sure, sure. I think you're referring to the good old days of the physician practice management times and the staff model. A few things. First, 20 years ago, Medicare Advantage wasn't operating at the level it was and it was much more oriented to an employer model or the Medicare Choice Model. So that was probably a large difference than what's today. The second is that these assets, specifically the ones in South Florida and for that matter, our Partners in Primary Care, have matured and you see an operating model today that is much more stable than they have been 20 years ago when the industry just started to formulate. And then the last thing I would say is that this strategy has been with us really since the 2010 area. I mean, we've owned CAC. We've had an investment in MCCI. We bought MetCare back in the early parts of 2010 through 2012. So these assets have been around with us for some time. And as I've mentioned in our call, we've opened up 190-some centers over the last five or six years. And so I would say that this is not a new thing for us. I would also say that we've walked a lot before we've taken any large commitment to capital. And we've done this, I would say, in a very conservative fashion. And all you see and what we're talking about today is just the continuation of that, taking assets that we've owned, bring them together under one brand and be able to mature that and then continued and opened up the clinics. So I wouldn't want the investors to talk away (01:06:38) that this is an acceleration that hasn't  and that we don't have a platform. It actually has just been developed for a number of years and this just continues that.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Welcome.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just had a couple clarifications. The first, when you talked about the advance notice comments and looking at Retail MA up about 2.1%, Humana being approximately in line with that, was that inclusive of what you described as kind of the modest star rating headwinds?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then the second one, Brian, was, I wrote down that you said, and maybe I didn't write this down correctly, but for your 2018 guidance, you're assuming no prior year development?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: No, we're assuming no Group and Specialty prior period development. There is, inherent in our Retail forecast, a  what we would term as a normalized level of prior period development. And so the 100 basis points that we reinvested in the product includes some  inherently the 100 basis points includes some prior period development, what I'll call excess prior period development that we don't expect to recur.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that makes sense. Thank you.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Okay.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Well, we appreciate everyone's support  continuing to invest in the organization and like always, we really appreciate the 50,000 associates that dedicate their every day to advancing both on behalf of our customers and our shareholders. So thank you and have a wonderful day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc. Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc. Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.
Analysts: Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Styblo - Jefferies LLC Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Ms. Amy Smith, you may begin your conference.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer and, Brian Kane, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2017 results and our financial outlook. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, will be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our Cautionary Statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed Risk Factors discussed in our third quarter 2017 earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Amy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we reported a strong third quarter results and raised our full-year adjusted 2017 earnings guidance. Our third quarter 2017 GAAP EPS of $3.44, or $3.39 on an adjusted basis, once again exceeded our previous expectations. Our individual Medicare Advantage business continued its strong performance, in line with our most recent guidance. And our Group and Specialty segment performed well ahead of our previous expectations. We raised our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.10 to approximately $11.60, reflecting the improved Group and Specialty segment performance. This was partially offset by lower than the previously expected Healthcare Service segment pre-tax. Our full-year 2017 GAAP EPS guidance is now approximately $17.62 per share. Over the last several years, and particularly throughout 2017, we've committed to productivity initiatives designed to promote operational excellence, accelerate our strategy, fund critical initiatives and advance our growth objectives. Following my remarks, Brian will comment on our third quarter results and some of the specific multi-faceted productivity initiatives. In addition, in October, CMS published its updated Star Quality Rating Bonus year 2019 showing that we have 12 contracts rated 4 Stars or above and 2.4 million members in 4 Star or above-rated contracts to be offered in 2018. This represents approximately 74% of our Medicare Advantage membership as of July 31, 2017. We are pleased that Humana received a 4 Star rating for five Medicare Advantage contracts offered in eight states, an increase from one such contract last year. All Humana Medicare Advantage HMO contracts in Florida received a 4.5 Star rating, improving our position with our provider partners. These higher ratings are expected to result in higher rebates in 2019. As discussed in our second quarter earnings call, over the last year, we've renewed our focus on Stars and have made operational changes to reduce volatility in future years, the effectiveness of which we believe is shown in improved results in certain Star measures. As our sharp focus on productivity continues to drive cost out of the system, one area we are making critical investments is around our providers. A key pillar of our strategy that we highlighted at our Investor Day in April is to partner with providers to support their transition to Value-Based care that fosters the management of health holistically. Medicare Advantage is one of the few reimbursement models that rewards holistic health management. But primary care physicians on their own, especially independent physicians, lack the capital, scale and the expertise to make the investments in technology and analytics necessary to thrive in a Value-Based environment. To that end, we are making investments in payer-agnostic care coordination technology and analytics capability that enable providers to be successful in the Value-Based models, easing their administrative burden and enabling more time for clinical management of their patient population. In a recent study we completed based on 2016 results for Humana Medicare Advantage members affiliated with providers in Humana Value-Based reimbursement models, we found that medical costs for Medicare Advantage members affiliated with providers in Value-Based models were 15% lower versus those affiliated with physicians under original Fee-for-Service Medicare. In addition, HEDIS Scores were 26% higher for providers in Value-Based arrangements with Humana than providers in standard Medicare Advantage settings. We will execute our provider strategy using a range of models that fit the unique characteristics of a local market. This includes owned senior-focused primary care clinics, many of which are payer-agnostic, as well as joint ventures, alliance clinics and our MSO model, where we will focus on supporting affiliated independent primary care providers. We spoke to you previously about our 2016 launch of four wholly owned clinics in Greenville, South Carolina. Membership growth in these markets has exceeded our initial expectations. And today, I want to share with you some early encouraging results that we saw between the second half of 2016 and the first half of 2017. These results include: a 5% reduction in admissions per 1,000, a 24% decrease in re-admissions per 1,000, positive trends in member satisfaction with an improved Net Promoter Score and improved Star Scores associated with the patient experience. These results are a testament to the effectiveness of a Value-Based care model. During 2017, we opened five additional clinics, including four in Kansas City and one in North Carolina. In addition, we continue to develop sophisticated Value-Based alliance and joint venture partners in new markets. In 2017, we launched 15 new clinics in seven markets. Among our alliance and joint venture relationships and our fully owned clinics, we today operate 195 clinics across 27 markets. We will continue to evaluate further investments and M&A opportunities in the provider space that improve our position in priority markets or accelerate the advancement and expansion of our MSO Platform. Interwoven with our provider strategy, we continue to be very focused on the home, as home is often a superior clinical environment to deliver care and reduce high-cost hospital admissions. In its current state, care in the home is often disconnected from primary care physicians, challenged with issues on timeliness of care, lacking in robust data exchange, as well as based on a Fee-for-Service-driven business model. We've been utilizing our six existing Medicare Certified Home Health Agencies in Florida and Texas, along with enhanced relationships with high-performing agencies in select markets to pressure test some of these paradigms. Through these early tests and learned efforts, we've seen that these barriers can be overcome and the member and provider experience can be improved. As we look to advance our Integrated Care Delivery Strategy and expand our access and reach in the home, we are taking a multi-faceted approach, including, but not limited to: care coordination, remote monitoring, telemedicine, and the provision of care in the home through nurses and doctors. The insights we've gained from owning home health agencies demonstrates the value of having a home health platform to evolve capabilities and services, including integration of data, advancing moments of influence and transforming home health to Value-Based reimbursement. This model produces improved outcomes, such as lower admissions, re-admissions and emergency room visits and common high-cost conditions, including congestive heart failure, diabetes and COPD. This is a change from today's Fee-for-Service home health reimbursement model, which does not encourage the holistic management of health. It also provides us with an additional touch point with our members to enhance engagement, trust and close additional care gaps, such as missing HEDIS measures. Many aspects of the care coordination are already in place and we continue to look for ways to expand and optimize these capabilities. For example, our entry into the Long-Term Support Service business via our acquisition of American Eldercare in 2013, and the beginning of what is today our Humana At Home business with the acquisition of SeniorBridge in 2012, are becoming even more important as we continue to seek greater linkage of the Medicare D-SNP population and Medicaid Long Term Support Services. However, other aspects of this strategy, particularly the provision of care in the home, will require M&A and other partnerships for collaborations to effectively bring them to life, as we've discussed previously. In order to advance our strategy, we need to continue to evolve the capabilities of our Healthcare Service segment. Accordingly, over the last several months, we have been working on a newly refined operating model to better align the Healthcare Services segment strategy, business and processes. The new organization will afford us a greater opportunity to engage our members, patients, physicians and associates to drive the best possible financial and clinical outcomes. With this new organization, we recently named new leaders of both our Home and Pharmacy operations, who will work under the leadership of William Fleming, President of Healthcare Services. We welcome Kirk Allen to Humana to lead our Home operations as President of Home Care. Kirk brings more than 20 years of experience in health care and was most recently the President of Ascension At Home and Executive Vice President of Home Care Services at Evolution Health. We also welcome Labeed Diab to lead our Pharmacy operations as President of Humana Pharmacy Solutions. Labeed is a registered pharmacist who brings extensive operations, management and business development experience in both the retail and health care industries, most recently serving as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President at Brookdale Senior Living. Prior to joining Brookdale in 2015, Labeed served in executive leadership roles for Walmart stores since 2009, most recently serving as President of Health and Wellness, which included managing retail pharmacies. Now to touch on 2018. We are confident in our Medicare Advantage competitive positioning, despite the return of the Health Insurance Industry Fee in 2018. As a result of our over performance in 2017 and various cost-saving measures, we've made targeted investments in our product design, clinical programs and operating processes, which enable us to maintain stable benefits, simplify the member experience and improve clinical outcomes. We've been proactive in our broker outreach this year, demonstrating for them our confidence in our stand-alone strategy and commitment to helping seniors achieve their best health. Additionally, we've worked to simplify the broker experience by investing in technologies that enable them to have 24/7 access to our information, with further plans to roll out simplified enrollment tools in 2018. As a result, we expect to return to meaningful Individual Medicare Advantage membership growth in 2018. Brian will provide additional commentary on our 2018 in his remarks. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. As Bruce mentioned, today we reported adjusted EPS of $3.39 for the third quarter, which is ahead of our previous expectations. We raised our full-year 2017 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $11.60 from our previous adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $11.50, and we increased our operating cash flow guidance by approximately $250 million at the midpoint to a range of $3.3 billion to $3.6 billion, primarily due to continued better-than-expected financial performance. Our Retail results are in line with our most recent forecast and continue to significantly exceed our initial expectations for 2017, led by our Medicare Advantage business. Consistent with the first half of the year, third quarter MA medical utilization trends, including hospital admissions and pharmacy spend, are running favorably relative to our pricing assumptions. In addition to our Retail segment producing strong results, our Group and Specialty segment significantly outperformed our previous expectations, primarily due to favorable prior period development and better-than-anticipated utilization trends. Trend is now running at the low end of our initial expectations of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points. Accordingly, we raised our pre-tax target for this segment for the second consecutive quarter from a range of $320 million to $340 million to a range of $350 million to $400 million. We also decreased our benefit ratio expectation to a range of 79.0% to 79.25% compared to our previous range of 79.75% to 80.25%. The Group and Specialty segment continues to consistently deliver solid results due to the team's strong focus on productivity and on offering innovative products that resonate in the marketplace. We are pleased with the return on investment we generate from this segment. As we discussed last quarter, while the Healthcare Services segment continues to generate profits and steady cash flow to the parent and, importantly, reflects the integration of our business model by delivering clinical excellence and trend benders for our insurance lines, we continue to see lower-than-expected mail order utilization, particularly for new members in our Humana Walmart stand-alone PDP offering. Today, we slightly lowered our pre-tax target range for this segment to $900 million to $950 million from our previous target of $925 million to $975 million. Turning to our Individual Commercial segment results, which are excluded from our adjusted EPS, we now expect Individual Commercial segment pre-tax income of approximately $150 million, up from our previous estimate of approximately $85 million. Consistent with last quarter, these results reflect significant positive prior period development as well as lower-than-expected utilization in our ACA-compliant business. With regard to cost share reduction payments, we do not expect the impact of the recent Executive Order to be material for us. As these collective results demonstrate, we've had a great year so far, with significant outperformance that has enabled us to take the opportunity to invest in our future, including higher AEP marketing spend. This outperformance also results in higher compensation, as our performance-based compensation arrangements reward our associates for their excellent work. In addition, as Bruce discussed, we have taken significant actions to reduce administrative costs in a sustainable way for 2018 and beyond. Some of these measures have resulted in incremental spend in 2017, including investments in analytics and enabling technologies that have significantly advanced our Integrated Care Delivery model, such as investments in our Big Data and our customer relationship management, or CRM, system, among others. Our Big Data environment now enables us to integrate and routinely mine status sources such as clinician notes, home health assessments and social determinants of health data. Through our CRM, we now have comprehensive longitudinal data view of our members, which helps us know our members deeply and engage them effectively. We have also made investments in the provider space to advance care coordination capabilities, focusing on interoperability and analytics to improve the provider experience. And lastly, we invested in a number of productivity and expense management initiatives related to internal management systems as well as vendor contracting and rationalizing our real estate footprint across the country. More fundamentally, we have completed the build-out of the Process Transformation Office, or PTO, and we recently named Process Champions and Owners for three critical processes that together comprise over $1 billion in administrative spend. These include processing claims, resolving inquiries and issues and designing and delivering member communications. The PTO is working diligently with leaders throughout the organization to optimize these processes horizontally across silos, and has already identified meaningful savings by connecting upstream and downstream workflows and eliminating inefficiencies while ultimately increasing automation. We believe that by focusing on these core areas and then extending the PTO to additional processes over time throughout the organization, we can continue to reduce administrative costs and increase the reliability of our processes while improving the member and provider experience that together will set us up for sustainable growth over the long term. Lastly, as a result of our efforts to continue to evolve and streamline the organization to align with our Integrated Care Delivery Strategy that Bruce has articulated, we've had to make some difficult decisions, including closing certain open roles and initiating both a voluntary Early Retirement Program and an involuntary Workforce Reduction Program that are expected to impact approximately 2,700 employees, or just under 6% of our workforce. In the third quarter of 2017, we recorded charges of $0.54 per diluted common share associated with these programs, which has been excluded from our adjusted EPS. This has resulted in a higher operating cost ratio than initially expected for 2017, and we now expect to end the year at or slightly above the higher end of our previous forecast range. We believe the culmination of these investments and our associates' hard work during 2017 has positioned us for a solid 2018 in the face of significant headwinds, in particular, the return of the Health Insurance Fee, or HIF. While we do not intend to provide specific 2018 guidance until our fourth quarter call, I will now offer some higher-level commentary and direction about next year. I'll begin with membership. We are only one month into the Annual Election Period for our Individual Medicare Advantage, but we are encouraged, albeit very cautious, with early sales results and our competitive positioning. Our philosophy heading into this enrollment season was to maintain stable benefits for our members and, in some markets, improve benefits where we believe we were well-positioned relative to the competition. We did this recognizing that the return of the HIF presented significant challenges, given its magnitude and, therefore, as discussed previously, we invested our 2017 outperformance and made significant strides in administrative spend productivity to fund this benefit design for our customers. We believe that balancing growth and margin are paramount, and it was essential after two years of stagnant membership growth, in no small part attributable to the Aetna transaction, to drive our top line in a disciplined fashion that would enable us to achieve our EPS growth targets of 11% to 15% over the medium and longer term. In this process, we have also strengthened our relationships and enhanced our partnership with the external brokerage community, who, along with our outstanding MarketPoint career sales organization, allows us to achieve this objective. Based on what we know today, achieving individual MA membership growth in the neighborhood of 150,000 to 180,000 lives is a reasonable estimate. And while there are scenarios that could certainly reduce that number, including a sales slowdown for the remainder of AEP, there are also factors that could increase it, including greater-than-expected retention of existing members and higher post-AEP sales figures than are currently forecasted. It is important to note that data on member retention is very limited at this point. I would also like to comment briefly on our forecast for group MA membership. Based on what we know today, which is significantly more certain than individual MA given the timing of the pricing cycle, we estimate membership growth to be comfortably in the low-double digits on a percentage basis for 2018. This achievement will be the second consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases in a highly competitive business, particularly for jumbo accounts, where we have committed to remaining disciplined with our pricing. While we were pleased with our estimated growth in MA, there is some pressure in the competitive stand-alone PDP space for 2018. As you are likely aware, Humana offers three PDP plans, including a Basic Plan that serves, among others, our low-income members, an Enhanced Plan and a low-priced Walmart Plan, whose extraordinary growth has made us the leading individual PDP carrier in the country. With regard to the Basic Plan, we priced to breakeven contribution margin at a regional level. In Florida and South Carolina, our bid proved to be priced over the benchmark, which we anticipated, resulting in the loss of our auto-assigned low-income members in those states. Additionally, our Enhanced Plan continues to lose members each year, but historically this has been more than offset by the significant growth in our Walmart Plan. This year, however, the Walmart Plan is no longer the low-price plan in a number of markets, as other carriers have priced more aggressively. And as a consequence, while we will still grow that Plan, it will likely be at a materially lower rate. Collectively, therefore, we expect that our overall PDP business will decline by a few hundred thousand members. While the impact on PDP insurance profitability will not be meaningful, we expect the lower Walmart Plan growth will impact the growth of our Pharmacy business, given the industry-leading mail order rates in this plan. I will now turn to making a few high-level comments regarding our projected 2018 financial performance. As we've discussed previously, Medicare Advantage membership growth drives top-line revenue growth that is a critical component of our long-term EPS trajectory. Recall that MA membership growth not only benefits the health plans, but also feeds our Healthcare Services segment, as our members engage with us in our Pharmacy, Home Care and Provider businesses. Moreover, we are able to achieve increased scale with our administrative spend as the top line increases, which helps drive the bottom line over time. From a profitability perspective, I have already highlighted the return of the HIF, which for overall Humana is a non-deductible fee in the neighborhood of $1 billion, as well as the impact of lower PDP growth on our Pharmacy business as meaningful headwinds toward our 2018 performance. It is also important to note that we will not assume that our mail order rate in the Walmart Plan, while still very high, will recover from the lower levels of mail order usage that we have seen this year, particularly among the new members who joined us in 2017 and any members who select this Plan for 2018. Our Provider business also continues to face significant rate pressures in South Florida. Additionally, the Group and Specialty segment will have a timing headwind associated with the HIF due to the timing differences that result from group renewals that are not on a calendar-year basis. And finally, there are certain stranded costs that result from our exit of the Individual Commercial business on January 1, 2018. Together, the HIF timing issue and Individual business stranded costs represent a headwind of approximately $0.30. We expect to offset these headwinds through the productivity initiatives described above and capital deployment, both through share repurchase and M&A. It is important to recall that the impact of new Medicare Advantage members on profitability is relatively muted in the initial year before they are documented appropriately for the risk we are taking and are engaged in our clinical programs. Turning now to EPS. Recall that on last quarter's call, we discussed the need to begin with a baseline adjusted EPS of approximately $11, which is largely unchanged. It is also important to note that we have achieved EPS growth well in excess of our long-term range over the last several years. Additionally, we would anticipate guiding to a slightly wider range than we did in 2017, which should be more in line with historical practice, given our anticipated greater MA growth in 2018 versus 2017, which can create slightly more uncertainty in our earnings forecasts. Finally, we would expect that the high end of our initial guidance range will be a bit below our long-term target of 11% to 15% growth, with our individual MA margin guide slightly below our 4.5% to 5% range. This reflects the significant headwinds that I've articulated and the importance of offering a compelling value proposition to our customers while continuing to invest in the build-out of our Integrated Care Delivery model that will create long-term sustainability. Consistent with our historical practice, our 2018 initial guidance will assume a normalized rate of favorable prior-period development for our Retail segment, which exceeded expectations in 2017, while assuming no favorable prior-period development for our Group and Specialty segment. Finally, I would like to briefly discuss the recently announced deal to sell our non-strategic closed block of Long Term Care Insurance business. Upon consummation, we will have no remaining exposure to this business, where we have seen significant reserve strengthening over the last number of years. Based on the terms of the agreement, the transaction is expected to result in an estimated GAAP loss on sale of approximately $400 million, or $2.75 EPS, which includes some non-cash charges. That said, we do anticipate a net positive economic benefit for Humana as the $203 million of parent company cash contributed into the subsidiary, together with the transfer of approximately $150 million of statutory capital with the sale, should be more than offset by the estimated $500 million of cash savings associated with the expected tax treatment of the sale. We anticipate the transaction will close by the third quarter of 2018 subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. Excluding the loss on sale, the company does not anticipate a material impact to earnings in 2017 or 2018 from the sale of the business. With that, we'll open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Your first question comes from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thank you. I'd like to understand a little bit more about why the change in the way you're giving 2018 guidance this time as opposed to giving more detail on a straight-up EPS number. And also, your expectations for Medicare Advantage growth next year, given the increased competition we're seeing from others in the marketplace. Why do you believe you're going to see better growth there?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, Peter. On the guidance side, we didn't actually give guidance of the third quarter last year either. What we're trying to give investors a broad direction of what we see 2018 to be. But there are still a lot of things that are going to happen in the next few months and we think it's appropriate and prudent to give guidance on the fourth quarter call, and that will be our practice going forward. With regard to individual MA growth, really the reasons that I discussed in my opening remarks relating to the stability of benefits that we provided for our members and investing in certain markets where we believed we had a high right to win. And as we think about our value proposition and as we see the competitive data, we feel good about the range that we provided this morning.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I guess I wanted to go back and make sure I understood what the commentary was around the EPS guidance for next year. Did you say that you're going to guide below the range of 11% to 15%, or below the midpoint of that range? And I guess when we think about the rationale for doing below that this year, would we think that there's anything unusual into 2019 that should stop you from getting to that long-term target?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. So, with regard to the range, what we said was, our initial guide at the high point will be a bit below our 11% to 15% range. So a bit below 11%, so it's not below the midpoint. It would be way too early to comment on 2019 since we haven't given 2018 guidance. The only thing I would say is that, given the HIF return in 2018, that's a particularly large headwind that we've had to deal with. I mean, a $1 billion non-deductible fee is a very big number. And so that's been a major issue that we've had to grapple with and it really affects our customers and affects our earnings performance.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Okay. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just questions on Medicare Advantage and the outlook there. First, can you talk to the rationale between not being able to guide to a target margin at 4.5% to 5%, given how strong the business was this year? And specifically, you said, Brian, I think during the prepared remarks that cost trends are running better than what you built into the bids. Does this guidance, that lower than 4.5%, assume the bid margin or does it assume inclusive of a lower trend? And lastly, can you just tell us what kind of attrition rate you're assuming for this year and how that compare for 2018 and how that compares to previous years in Individual MA? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Okay. Good morning, Justin. That was three questions.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Indeed.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Okay. Again, we've invested our outperformance in 2017 into the product design, which gets us to below that 4.5% to 5%. And that's really what's driving it. Again, we're facing very significant headwinds, as I've mentioned a few times with the HIF. We've I think done a good job of offsetting a lot of that headwind with very significant productivity savings that we've been very focused on and driving in 2017. I think you'll see that ultimately in our 2018 guidance. But that's really the rationale for driving below the initial targeted range of 4.5% to 5%. I'm trying to remember now the second question. Justin, remind me the second question.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: You'd said there was better trend.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sorry, right. So to be clear. Sorry about that. So, on the trends side, what I was referring to was the Commercial business trend. Trends continue to run favorable to pricing. But consistent with where we were really last quarter when we gave the updated guidance, nothing has really materially changed from what we saw last quarter. But on the Commercial side, we have seen continued lower trends and that's why we were able to improve our pre-tax guidance. And, again, I really wouldn't want to comment too much on attrition embedded in our numbers. I would say that we feel very good about our attrition levels. I'm just not going to comment at this point. It's way too early to give a sense of where attrition will be.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: No problem.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Borsch with BMO Capital.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Not to belabor the point again, but on your 2018 guidance, can you just talk to how maybe your view evolved over the last few months relative to how you described the outlook on the second quarter call?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: I would say, Matt, it's really consistent. I think the business continues to perform quite well. We feel good about all the initiatives that we're pursuing. We made the decision at bid time to invest the outperformance into our 2018 product design. We believe that was the right decision to create long-term sustainability. We also believe it's important to continue to invest in the business, which is what Bruce and I have talked about in our remarks. And so we're going to continue to do that. But I would say that nothing has really materially changed in our business outlook from this quarter from last quarter.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And if I could just one more, which is on the Medicare Advantage growth. How does your very preliminary view of the Open Enrollment process compare with what I understand to be CMS' prediction for 9% overall growth in program-wide enrollment, which I guess would include both Individual and Group?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: It's really hard to comment on how CMS calculates the numbers. I would tell you that what we've seen the last two years on the Individual side is a little bit less than 6% growth. For us, that's not an unreasonable way to think about market growth this year. But, obviously, we'll see where the data shakes out. But there's nothing that's meaningfully changed this year that would change that growth rate.
Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research: Thanks. Good morning. Question is around the reductions in force and the voluntary retirement. And I'm just curious what the catalyst was there. Was there some sort of strategic review process? Was this sort of just, hey, post the Aetna transaction, we've got to start thinking about the business in a longer-term fashion? I'm just curious what created that. And was any of that tied to the MA bidding and the inability to get into that 4.5% to 5% range?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Really throughout 2017, we have been oriented to improving the productivity of the organization. And it's really to create capacity, both to be competitive in the marketplace from a benefit design point of view for our customers. And, as everyone knows, there's a continued need to invest in the business for long-term competitive positioning, whether it's in technology or it's in areas that are building capabilities, like in our Provider area or even in our Home area, which helps us with clinical outcomes. So I wouldn't say it was really a planned process that we went through over the year. It came together at the end and the last month or so. But I would say that we've been working on these productivity initiatives really even before the Aetna transactional termination. And so, I wouldn't call it anything but just continuously trying to improve the productivity of the organization and reinvesting those dollars in our customer and reinvesting those dollars in the infrastructure of the company.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research: All right. That makes sense. And just, Brian, real quick follow-up. I just want to make sure I understood. The starting point is $11 in terms of a run rate for this year, and that's the number from which you'll grow the high end slightly less than  or a bit less than 11%? Is that the right math?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: That's correct.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research: Okay. Perfect.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Good morning. The first question on the workforce reduction. What is the timing of realizing the run rate savings? Or is all of that termination happening by the end of this year?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We have notified the majority of the individuals. So, first, let me back up, Ana, a little bit. As I mentioned, we've been doing this throughout the year. So, we've had reductions that have begun to show up in our financial numbers probably starting in the second quarter or so. But this particular reduction will show up in the first quarter of 2018 as we transition the individuals out. The full transition would be done by the middle of January.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then if I could just do a quick follow-up. On the Physician Services, how do you not double count that pressure on your Medicare MLR outlook? And will that persist into 2018, or is that kind of done at this point? Because that's related to the rates in MA, correct?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: When you say Physician, do you mean our Provider business in South Florida, is that you're referring to?
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah, right. Yeah.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. I mean, look, it's an interesting dynamic in South Florida. Those rates have continued to be ratcheted down over the last few years. We've seen that multiple years in a row. I would tell you to-date that the competition really hasn't changed fundamentally the benefit design there. And so, as a consequence, I think people have just had to get better and better to continue to drive profitability. But there's no doubt that profitability has been reduced in the Provider segment because of those actions. We've also adjusted some of our contractual terms with our providers to help ease that transition and been very thoughtful about our benefit design and working with our provider partners. But net-net, it has had an impact on our overall profitability in that region in the Provider business. As it relates to growth, as I said, I think the carriers and us included, I think have tried to be very prudent about how we deal with these rate declines and still offer compelling value proposition to members. And that's allowed us to continue to grow. I would tell you that were it not for those rate reductions, we would grow more. There's no doubt about it. But we've done everything we can to try to minimize the impact on the customer.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question is from A. J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Hello, everybody. Just a point of clarification to Josh's question and then I want to ask you about Pharmacy. On the $11 base earnings, you commented, Brian, that you would guide differently than what your actual PYD was this year. Is that reflected in the $11 baseline start? And then more broadly, on your Pharmacy comments. You've been able to drill down as to what's happening in mail order. And I know you guys did a strategic review of Pharmacy a few years ago, but there seems to be a whole lot of changes in the PBM landscape. Does that cause you to look at anything differently, partnerships, opportunities? And then your push for integrated models. I know guys are talking about engaging with the pharmacists more. And at the Retail pharmacy outlet, you have your relationship with Walmart. Is there any evolution in how you're deploying that in terms of maybe provision of care in dealing with gaps in care?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Good morning, A. J. So, on the $11, what the $11 reflects is the 2017 outperformance. So effectively what that does is it takes into account the PPD for 2017 as we start our baseline. But as you think about 2018, when we grow off that $11 base, we're not going to assume the same level of PPD that's occurred. So that's the distinction we make between the 2017 PPD that's effectively reflected. That outperformance is reflected in taking the baseline back to $11, but the 2018 guide will not assume the same level of PPD that we've seen in 2017. So hopefully that makes sense.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: On the mail order side, I would separate the mail order reduction we've seen and some of the broader questions that you're asking. It's hard to know exactly what's driving the mail order reduction, particularly for the new members. We think it might have something to do with benefit design. It could have something to do with just the nature of the risk that we're attracting versus the competition and where perhaps the higher utilizers are going. I think overall we're benefiting from a health plan perspective in terms of the risk dynamic we're seeing, but it has had an impact on the Pharmacy profitability. More broadly to your question on strategic reviews and costs. We constantly are looking for opportunities to drive costs out of the system. We continually review our cost of goods. We continue to look at our cost to fill. And I will tell you that the Pharmacy team really does a fantastic job of being best-in-class in both of those areas as we look at the opportunities that are out there. But as we've said multiple times, we are not wedded to any particular philosophy with regard to if we can find opportunities to drive out costs the system, we will do that. But what's critical for us is that the Pharmacy is a critical clinical engagement opportunity and mechanism with our members. And so that can't change. But as it relates to costs, we are always open-minded. And I will tell you, these guys do a great job of driving best-in-class cost of goods for our plan and for the Pharmacy.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: A.J., you did further ask the question around leveraging pharmacists and the ability to close gaps. We do think that pharmacists serve an important role in the clinical interaction with our members. And then today, in fact, we have quality contracts with a number of retail chains that allow that benefit to both encouraged pharmacists at the counter to do it and in addition to get rewarded for any kind of improvement in quality and clinical outcomes. In addition, we are continuously adding pharmacy locations to our provider areas where we will have a pharmacy inside our Primary Care Clinics. And again, it's leveraging that moment of influence that the pharmacist has. We are finding mixed results in our relationships with the retail pharmacies. In the clinical outcomes, we find where it's convenient and it's more in a clinical setting, it's more effective than it is in the retail setting. But I think that's also just the time that the pharmacist has at the counter to be able to have that engagement.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Rigg with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Just wanted to ask a big picture question about the competitive environment in the Medicare Advantage business. Seems like you guys are working really hard to get to market growth, albeit at a target margin slightly below where you want to be long term. Do you think other participants are being a little bit more aggressive or slightly irrational in their attempts to grow membership at this point? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: I don't know if I'd use the word irrational. But I think it's fair to say that our competitors view Medicare Advantage as an exciting growth area. I think they've invested a lot to grow their platforms and to expand their positions across the board, and it's just something that we're going to have to deal with. I think we feel good that we are really in the Strike Zone of where the growth of Managed Care is happening. We believe that we have superior clinical programs and the right operating model to capitalize on that growth. But there's no doubt that we're facing a much stronger competitive environment. And I would say that's been compounded by the fact that we have this massive Health Insurance Fee that's returning in 2018. That impacts the customer and it impacts the industry. And so, I think those two factors have required us to take significant action, which we've done this year, and invest some of the outperformance that we've had this year into our 2018 benefit design. But long term, I will tell you we feel very good about how we're positioned.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I would just add to that. I think as you look at the trajectory of the industry, it has a very strong demand trajectory. But I would also say that I think even on our investments we're making today that the competitive nature is going to evolve. And we think the competitive nature is going to continue to evolve to be much more oriented to a clinical approach as opposed to just from an insurance and pricing point of view. And as you look at our investments, it's really focused on how do we continuously proactively help people with, especially chronic members, in managing their conditions. And I think long term, all organizations to be in this business are going to have to have some really clinical strength. And we believe in the short run, we have to meet the competitive natures of pricing relative to the number of players being in the marketplace. But long term, we have to invest and build those clinical outcomes. And it's the combination of those two things you see the organization doing.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Taylor, JPMorgan.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just had one clarification and then my question. And to be awfully redundant on the clarification, I just want make sure I have this perfectly correct. So, if we start 2017 base of 11%, we're going to grow a little below 11% to 15%, 11% growth will be $12.21, so something a bit below that. And you're going to give a wider range than the initial $0.30 range. Is that fair?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. Without opining on the $12.21, yes, that is correct.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just going back to the early retirement and the layoffs announced. I wanted to make sure I had Bruce's comments correct that you expect most of that to be effective in January, so you get a full year earnings benefit from that. Did I understand that correctly?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: You did, yes.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And can you give us a dollar amount that you're targeting? And then does most of that just come out of G&A?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: I would say  so, these are big numbers. Ultimately, at the end of the day, our savings initiatives will run into the hundreds of millions of dollars for 2018. And I would say some of that is in G&A. Some of that will show up actually in our MER because of the nature of the associate base that's being impacted. That actually gets classified as an MER expense. I think it's fair to say that when you look at our adjusted operating cost ratio next year, when you pull out the HIF and other things that you will see a reduction for sure. And we'll obviously give more color on that on the fourth quarter call.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Hi there. It's Dave Styblo in for Windley. I wanted to just come back to the HIF so I can understand a little bit more specifically what parts of the business does it affect? I'd imagine maybe some of it is for exchange support. But can you give us a better sense of what departments these are coming in? And to what extent the savings are going to be used to offset the HIF, or is this going to be used to invest in initiatives you outlined in the prepared remarks about care in the home or the providers?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah, I'll take that. I think it really is across the organization. There wasn't one area that was impacted both geographically or from a department point of view the organization. Really, as Brian has mentioned, is we're looking for productivity improvements throughout the company. So, I wouldn't say it's one specific area related to any one initiative we have. In regards to the investment side, is it investing, is it going to the shareholders or is it going to benefits? I would say it's fairly, it's fungible and it sort of goes through all that. I think we've continued to manage in how do we invest in the business for long-term sustainability and compete in the local marketplace, how do we continue to have a competitive market offering. And if you look at our market offering, you'll see that we're not the cheapest in the market. So we're constantly trying to ensure that we're not giving the product away and our brand and all the things we do from a customer experience point of view wins the customer over. And then at the same time, we also look at the ability to invest in the advancement of our initiatives. And I would say it's sort of all those items. I wouldn't say we did it just to fund a particular initiative. We really worked through saying, how can we be competitive? How can we meet the long-term goals of our shareholders? And, at the same time, how do we ensure that we are productive in being able to also invest.
David Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then as you're looking to reduce some of these costs, how do we get a little bit more comfortable from the outside that these don't impact your ability to move forward on trend benders?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah, I would tell you that we cherish the trend bender area. And I would tell you a lot of what we've done is to look at where are the areas that are less where it is not as impactful. But the trend bender area is a very important part. And as you can tell from the script that I outlined, we are investing in the areas that we feel will affect the chronic conditions and really bring alive longer term-trend benders. And so investors should not worry about that. That is a passion of ours that is continuing to ensure that our clinical programs our advanced.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question is from Zack Sopcak with Morgan Stanley.
Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Thank you for the question. Can you just remind us what's included in that preliminary 2018 guidance, what the contribution of capital deployment is? And then you talked about some potential opportunities for M&A. But how do you view M&A versus share buybacks as we head into next year?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: At this stage, we're not prepared to talk about the specifics around capital deployment. I think you've seen our willingness to deploy capital in buying back stock, and we will continue to do that. And similarly, on the M&A side, it's really not something that we're prepared to give any more color around today. Although then, just referring back to Bruce's opening remarks that we actively look for assets that advance our strategy. And we're going to continue to do that because it's important to do that. I would tell you that if we found an M&A opportunity that advanced our strategy, that would take precedence over share repurchase if it made sense to do that. But we're very committed to share repurchase. You see that we have leverage capacity in our balance sheet. We're at 30%, 31% debt-to-cap. We have ample parent company cash to accomplish our objectives. And so we won't be shy about deploying our capital, obviously maintaining our investment-grade rating, which is also very important to us.
Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. Just to clarify, when you give full guidance, I guess, in the fourth quarter, will we get more color on how much of that is coming from capital deployment?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah, we typically in our guidance waterfalls, we'll call out for you exactly what relates to capital deployment. So, yes, we will do that.
Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. I appreciate the detail on analytics and data sources. Can you tell us how you're using that data? Is it on the Care Management to Clinical side? Or are you also following it into decisions on branding spend, marketing mix and product development? Then do you feel that you have the technology and human assets that you need for your analytics? Or should we expect Humana to get more competitive and more prudent data scientists?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We have multiple sources of information, both clinically, which are coming from claims based to electronic medical records information, which also includes coming from notes within the Electronic Medical Records. So, you see that one side. But on the other side, we also pull a significant amount of consumer information, both from as much we can get from public, but also in the interactions that we have with our members. So we look at how they're using the digital, from the Pharmacy point of view, what are the using the Pharmacy area, how they're using or are they using mail-order, are they using our Retail? And that gives us a lot of information about how their preferences on engaging in their healthcare. And so, I would say that there's a whole host of ways we go about bringing the analytics to the forefront. In regards to the question on analytics and from a human resource point of view, we have over the last number of years, and we really haven't brought it out to our investors, have invested significantly, both in the Consumer Analytics and also in our Clinical Analytics. And I think people would be very surprised at the depth of our analytics capability today. We're always adding and expanding our clinical capability. It's just part of our normal planning cycle and our HR recruitment area. And so, I would say that, yes, to answer your question, that we will continue to be investing in that area. But I would say today, we are in this area of predictive analytics and contextualization of the member, I would say we're fairly advanced in both from our competitive point of view, but I think in the industry in general.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: You said that you would be surprised at how much Humana has invested in Consumer Analytics. Is there any way for you to frame that up or size it for us?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I don't think I would do that. I think both from a competitive point of view and in addition we don't disclose that kind of detail.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for squeezing me in. A couple things. Healthcare Services, I hear that we still have some headwinds here. But also, I'm hearing that MA fees in the Healthcare Services  is Healthcare Services a headwind or a tailwind next year with respect to earnings? And then good growth in group MA. But we're hearing that it's a pretty competitive environment there. Do you expect the margins there to come in kind of below your target range of 4.5% to 5% as you do with Individual, or do you expect margins to be maintained there? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Morning, Christine. So, I'm not prepared to comment on giving Individual segment guidance. I think there are pluses and minuses on the Healthcare Service side. Obviously, you mentioned MA growth. That's obviously a positive. I've talked about some of headwinds on the Pharmacy side with regard to PDP growth, et cetera. So, I'm not prepared really to give segment-level specific guidance at this time. But obviously, we'll comment extensively on that on the fourth quarter call. With regard to group MA, we've been very clear that we're going to maintain pricing discipline on that. As we've said before, our margins in group MA are not 4.5% to 5%. That is not a target margin Group MA. It is below that. But I think we feel pretty good about our Group MA business. I think the team is doing a really nice job of finding opportunities where we can earn a good return on capital. And again, being very disciplined in some of these larger accounts where we can drive profitability as well as customer satisfaction. So, I think we feel very good about the positioning of our Group business.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, on the margin, is the margin a headwind or a tailwind do you think for Group MA next year?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Again, I'd rather not give  I'm sorry?
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Is it easier to pass the HIF along because you're dealing with a group?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Typically, in the larger accounts that there's a specific adjustment for the HIF, particularly the jumbo accounts. But that obviously impacts overall growth in the space, but also potential willingness of a Group account to actually choose Group MA. So, there's some impact there. But it is, I would call it, a very transparent market, particularly at the large end. And so, the HIF is well known and it's discussed.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Bruce Broussard for closing remarks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Well, thank you. And, again, thanks to all our investors that support the organization over the years. You've been part of us. And lastly and as importantly, I'd like to thank our talented Humana team members, which really make these results possible. And so, we appreciate it. And this will be the close of the call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc. Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc. Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.
Analysts: Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Second 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now turn the call over to Ms. Amy Smith, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2017 results and our financial outlook for the full year. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, will be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes, that replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our second quarter 2017 earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported second quarter results and raised our full year 2017 earnings guidance. Our second quarter 2017 GAAP EPS of $4.46 or $3.49 on an adjusted basis significantly exceeded our previous expectations, led by our individual Medicare Advantage business and our Retail segment. Given these results, we have raised our full year 2017 GAAP EPS guidance to approximately $17.83 per share, or approximately $11.50 per share on an adjusted basis. Brian will discuss these results in more detail following my remarks. The quarter results demonstrate the strength of our focused strategy: improving the health of seniors living with chronic conditions through an integrated care delivery model that brings simplicity and connectivity to the health care experience. Members in our small to midsize group and military businesses also benefit from this integrated model through an improved experience. Key to our strategy and woven into all aspects of our business is a philosophy of fewer, bigger, and better. We are focused on identifying key improvement areas that drive the greatest benefit for our members, provider partners, associates, and our company overall. As we've outlined in our Investor Day presentation, we are doing this by focusing on integration in three major areas: integrating with providers to evolve economic incentives from treatment to health; integrating lifestyle and health care by expanding our offerings in the home, pharmacy, and behavioral health programs; and integrating technology, both internally and externally, with provider partners to reduce friction points. We're actively advancing expanding our primary care and home care platforms as part of this strategy. We believe we can accomplish some of this through continued organic development, while some areas will require M&A. Our efforts are focused on expanding our platforms with geographic coverage to serve our members, while enhancing clinical capabilities to improve their health. These platforms will be locally oriented, integrated across the provider community, and enabled by technology and analytics. In addition to expanding our clinical platforms, our associates are working towards a solutions that reduce other friction points for both our members and our providers. For example, navigating the health care system can be complex and challenging. If a member calls with a question and is immediately transferred, sometimes multiple times, it becomes a very frustrating friction point. In 2016, we addressed this friction by our members  by reducing unnecessary call transfers through identifying the root causes and by creating more consumer and provider-friendly processes. That work continues in 2017, and we expect to see further positive results. By removing these friction points for the member, a few things happen. The member is more satisfied and our response is more timely, which improves Net Promoter Score, a measure of members who recommend us to friends and family. Our associates handling the calls are more engaged because they feel they're making a difference for the member. And finally, our organization becomes more efficient, which results in savings that we can reinvest to benefit members and providers. This is just one example of the strides our associates are making to improve the consumer and provider experience. Our service centers are focused on improving our ability to meet our members' needs, particularly in important areas such as benefits, in-network providers and claims payment. In addition to reducing call transfers, we've improved our digital capabilities which enables members to access needed information 24/7. We are leveraging our customer relationship management platform to better meet the needs of our members based on their history and preferences, and we've significantly improved our communication practices by simplifying and personalizing our messages and refining the quality of how messages are delivered. As we continue to evolve our integrated care delivery strategy, we have seen increased activity in our members' completion of health risk and in-home assessments, participation in our Go365 wellness platform and more effective engagement in our Humana At Home chronic care management program, which focuses on members most in need of health support. While there is still work to do, we are pleased with our progress to-date. Over the course of this year, we've seen significant improvement in our Net Promoter Score relative to last year. For Medicare Advantage through June 30, we have improved our relationship Net Promoter Score by more than 500 basis points and our transactional Net Promoter Score by more than 700 basis points. We believe our focus on eliminating friction points and providing enhanced value through health engagement positions us well for the future as we continue to improve the experience and health of our members. To support our strategy, we developed a strong internal framework to advance our enterprise-wide commitment to quality, risk management, compliance, and productivity. While these have always been top priorities for us, we have renewed our focus on them, beginning with the recent announcement of Sam Deshpande to fill the newly-created position of Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer. Sam and his team will help to drive integration throughout the enterprise, ensuring timely, proactive discovery and faster mitigation of risks and their causes. In addition, last year, we created the Process Transformation Office to drive productivity throughout the organization, with a focus on improving our operating structure while also improving member experience and compliance. This renewed focus is evident on how we look at CMS Medicare Star ratings. As a background, it's important to note that the Stars program is complex, not just for Humana, but the entire industry. A Stars score is an aggregate of multiple measures, some having to do with quality; others with process, policies, and procedures. There's a lagging indicator with scores for particular bonus years dependent on assessments that took place years previously. Many health plans, including Humana, implement remedial measures as a result of these assessments that are not reflected in the Star scores for the bonus year to which it is assigned. In addition, small movements in individual measurements can have significant impacts, positive or negative, on the overall score. With this in mind, we've disclosed in today's earnings release that for the bonus year 2018, we now expect approximately 74% of our Medicare members to be in 4-Star or higher plans, which compares favorably to our previous forecast of 37%. We are pleased with the final outcome for bonus year 2018 and have implemented operational changes that we expect will reduce volatility in future years. Aside from our Star results, we're also proud of our strong HEDIS measures, demonstrating the achievement of clinical outcomes, which are at a record-high level for us. In closing, I'd like to thank Humana's associates for their outstanding efforts on behalf of our members, providers, and our company. It is through their hard work and commitment that our company continues to deliver strong performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. As Bruce mentioned, the strong performance of our individual Medicare Advantage franchise resulted in adjusted EPS of $3.49 for the second quarter, well ahead of our previous expectations. We also raised our full year 2017 adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $11.50 from our previous adjusted EPS guidance of at least $11.10, and we increased our operating cash flow guidance by approximately $200 million, due primarily to our better financial performance. As a percentage of adjusted full year earnings, we expect our third quarter to reflect adjusted EPS in the high 20% range, with the fourth quarter, therefore, comprising a percentage in the high-teens, as it incorporates the usual cost increases associated with the open enrollment season. I will now highlight the drivers of each segment's operating performance. Led by individual Medicare Advantage, our Retail segment continues to significantly exceed our expectations. And today, we raised our full year 2017 Retail segment pre-tax income target by approximately $300 million at the midpoint of the guidance range. Consistent with the early indicators we saw in the first quarter, individual MA medical utilization trends, including hospital admissions and pharmacy spend, are running favorably relative to our pricing assumptions, and we are seeing better-than-anticipated prior period medical claims development. We're also experiencing higher-than-expected revenue on a per member per month basis. Accordingly, we reduced our projected full year benefit ratio for the Retail segment by a full 100 basis points from our previous guidance. Turning to our other businesses, our Group and Specialty segment is continuing to have a solid year and, as a result, we raised our pre-tax target by approximately $20 million at the midpoint of the guidance range. The increase was driven primarily by positive prior period claims development and specialty results that exceeded our previous expectations as well as current year medical cost trends that are slightly favorable to our expectations. We continue to believe that a key element of our strategy is a focus on small to midsize employers as well as our specialty dental and TRICARE businesses, as each delivers steady cash flow and good returns on capital. The Healthcare Services segment continues to generate profits and steady cash flow to the parent and, importantly, reflects the integration of our business model by delivering clinical excellence and trend benders for our insurance lines. Consistent with the first quarter, we are continuing to see lower-than-expected pharmacy volumes, which reflect less health plan drug utilization than we had previously anticipated. In addition, while to-date, mail order rates are higher than last year, we are experiencing slightly lower penetration than we previously expected as some of our new standalone PDP members appear to be lower utilizers of mail-order relative to historical experience. Finally, the optimization of our chronic care management programs, whereby we are ensuring that our members are receiving the right level of intervention at the right time, is proceeding at a faster pace than initially expected, also contributing to lower Healthcare Services segment pre-tax than anticipated. As a result of these items, we have reduced our pre-tax guidance for the segment by approximately $130 million at the midpoint of our guidance range. To reiterate my comments from the first quarter call, this dynamic is positive for overall Humana, and we expect that the increase in health plan pre-tax income will more than offset the reductions in Healthcare Services segment profits, even considering that a meaningful portion of lower pharmacy utilization does not benefit the insurance segments, due to the corresponding lower CMS reinsurance and member cost share. These dynamics reinforce our integrated approach to running the business, taking a holistic, enterprise-wide view to drive business decisions that result in the best outcomes for our members, providers, and the company. To close our segment discussion, I will comment briefly on our Individual Commercial segment results, which are excluded from our adjusted EPS guidance. Our Individual Commercial segment is now expected to generate full year 2017 pre-tax earnings of approximately $85 million versus our previous expectation of a full year loss of approximately $45 million. These results reflect significant positive prior period development, which includes the net favorable settlement of a 2016 two hours (16:48) of reinsurance and risk adjustment as well as lower-than-expected utilization in our ACA on-exchange business. The strong performance we are seeing across the organization reflects our focus on operational excellence and the solid execution of our strategy. This will enable us in the third quarter to provide the Humana Foundation with a charitable contribution, reflecting our continued commitment to the communities we serve following the deal break. In addition, these results will enable us to spend incremental dollars on the Medicare annual enrollment period. Lastly, our compensation policies result in changes in compensation, both up and down, depending on our operating performance, with some years resulting in higher compensation levels relative to others. We are accruing compensation for 2017 based on the strong results we have seen across the company. As a result, we have increased the range of our full year consolidated operating cost ratio guidance by 25 basis points at the midpoint. Pivoting now to CMS Star ratings in our Medicare bids for 2018, we reported this morning that we now expect approximately 74% of our members to be in 4-Star or higher plans for the 2018 bonus year. We are pleased that we were able to significantly reduce the impact that the lower Star ratings would have had in our members in 2018 and that our final Star ratings reflect our commitment to quality products and services for our members. In particular, these ratings reflect our strong clinical HEDIS measures, which are record-high levels. It is, nonetheless, important to note that there were certain contracts that we chose not to consolidate and still others that we were not able to consolidate due to state regulatory limitations. Taking this into account and considering rebate implications from reductions in Star ratings for certain of our contracts, we still expect to have some Stars-related financial headwinds for 2018. With regards to our 2018 Medicare Advantage bids that were submitted in June, we continue to work very hard to offset the negative impact that the return of the non-deductible health insurance fee and the remaining Stars-related financial headwinds could have on our members and the attractiveness of our products more broadly. We are focused on continuing to drive cost out of the organization and expect to make progress in this regard in 2018. The process transformation office that Bruce referenced in his partnership with our various businesses is working diligently across segments to achieve increased productivity while improving and simplifying our core processes. Additionally, we have invested the 2017 outperformance I've discussed directly into our product designs for 2018. When combined with enhanced productivity, this has enabled us to keep benefits stable and competitive, and we believe will allow us to grow individual MA membership growth meaningfully in 2018 while maintaining our commitment to steady EPS growth. It is important to note that as we think about our 2018 earnings profile, our 2017 baseline remains our initial 2017 adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $11 at the high-end given the investment of the strong 2017 performance that I mentioned. Finally, I would like to reiterate our previously communicated capital deployment plans. As you're aware, we initiated a $1.5 billion accelerated stock repurchase, or ASR, in the first quarter of 2017, which we expect to settle in the third quarter. Upon completion of the ASR, we continue to expect to repurchase shares for the balance of the year and have flexibility to spend up to $750 million under our existing authorization. Additionally, as Bruce indicated in his remarks, we continue to explore ways to accelerate our strategy in the home and with providers, including with M&A and other partnerships or collaborations. As discussed at our Investor Day, our capacity for cash M&A is approximately $3.5 billion while allowing us to maintain our investment-grade ratings. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Credit Suisse.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just a question on Part D. We had some information out of CMS given us the 2018 initial bids and benchmark data for 2018. Just interested if you can give us an update on how you're expecting the competitive environment for Part D next year. And then also, just on the low-income subsidy auto allocations, how you're expecting that for 2018 versus 2017?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Good morning, Scott. I would say that what we've seen is consistent with where we expected on both fronts  on both the low-income benchmarks as well as our direct subsidy calculations. And as the fall goes on, obviously, we'll talk more about what that means for us in our membership growth.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Then just had a follow-up question, just on thinking about sort of the comments you made on investing for 2018 into the MA business on the upside and then given the improvements that you had on Stars in terms of the mitigation efforts. I know in the first quarter, you guys have talked about a view of MA industry growth running around the 6% range sort of over the next few years. How are you thinking about your ability to sort of return to that type of growth rate next year given some of the recent developments?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, as I said in my remarks, we do expect to grow meaningfully in the individual MA business. We're not prepared to comment today on where that will be relative to the market. But again, I think we feel very good about the product we've put on the Street. We've really endeavored to maintain stable benefits, and we think it will be compelling products for our existing members and also future members looking to enter MA.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And, Scott, just a few things. I think  this is Bruce  first, as Brian's articulated, we really tried to keep the benefits stable this year. Second thing, we've been very proactive in reaching out to the broker community and building deeper relationships with them. Then the third thing is, as we articulated in our comments, we see our Net Promoter Score and some other things that can help out on the retention side. So we feel good about next year. We obviously aren't going to put estimates out, but I think we have a good feeling about going into 2018.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Kind of want to hit on the same point, maybe just in a little more detail. So if I'm understanding kind of how you're talking about 2018, there's roughly $0.50 of outperformance, the $11.50 versus the $11 you talked about, to invest in 2018. There's roughly $2.15 of excess HIF tax benefit that you'll be able to invest in benefits because you're not pulling that through operating earnings this year. So that's a little less than $3, and we think the hit is coming back at you to about a $4 headwind. So when we think about how that plays out in 2018, either you have to absorb the differential in terms of lower earnings growth, you have to reduce benefits, you have to cut G&A or you have to raise premium. Can you help us understand when you say stable benefit, does that literally means stable including premiums and the bulk of that differential has to get absorbed in earnings? Is that the message you're conveying today?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: So there's a lot to unpack in that question. Let me try. It is fair to say that, number one, we are going to put products in the market that do have stable benefits, which means we've overcome the health insurance fee. Obviously, it's going to vary by market. But on a national basis, I think that's a fair way to think about it. It's also fair to say that the $0.50 you're talking about was reinvested into product design. But I think it's important to think about really the MER element of it, the 100 basis points, that was reinvested into our product design. Some of the additional admin expenses that I mentioned around the foundation and compensation and other things are more one-time items. And so, I think it's important to think about the investment as really the MER outperformance. And finally, as it relates to the HIF. Remember, the HIF is coming back next year. And so it's not as if we could take that $2.15 and invest it in benefits. It's just that we didn't have to claw it back that perhaps others may have had to if they put that into benefits for 2017.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So you're still going to have enrollment growth. You're still anticipating earnings growth even as you keep benefits stable and reabsorb the HIF of the... (26:26)?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. So again, I think it's important as we think about 2018, and I don't want to comment too much more on 2018, but to think about a baseline of $11 because we've invested this outperformance. We mentioned that in the first quarter, we would do that. We thought it was the appropriate thing to do to provide good benefits for our members and enable us to grow. And again, we feel good about where we stand. We do anticipate growing EPS. We've committed to our investors that we're going to have steady EPS growth, and that's certainly our intention next year as well as grow membership.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And one of the aspects, just to maybe pull it up a little bit, as we think about our strategy, one important part of our strategy is to continue to grow our  we refer to them as our trend benders, but our clinical outcomes, and that's an important part of our earnings per share and allows us to be able to both invest in benefits but also return dollars to shareholders. And then second part, as we articulated today, also to focus on improved productivity and reduction of friction points into the system, and those are also included in the plan. So as we think about the growth of the organization, there's membership growth, there's clinical cost to offset growth, and then there's obviously productivity growth. And what Brian's talking about all those are sort of included in there for us to have a growth here next year with the ability to also have stable benefits.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to ask a question about the comment that you made around making changes to reduce volatility in Star ratings going forward. I think that the way I would interpret your medication strategy this year is that consolidating plans might actually increase volatility of Stars going forward. So just wanted to get some color there?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Sure. I think it really relates to an environment we've been operating in for a number of  the last few years. And as everyone knows, we had a CMS audit in 2015, and we've concluded that audit and have really done a lot of great things in the infrastructure to ensure that we have a very stable processing and the ability to operate in a much more complex environment. And I think that it's  I think it's also evident in both our HEDIS measurements as we look at those today and also our customer satisfaction ratings. Both of those have increased over the last 18 months or so. And that's just an indication of how, I think, our infrastructure is expressing itself in our results. But like everything, we have audits every year, and there is a lot of different inspections that go on in the organization, like everybody operating in this regulatory environment. And so there will be fluctuations that come out. And even as of today, we don't know what 2018 holds because we don't know what the relative measurement for others are and the comparison side. But really, the focus of what we are oriented to is this continuing to have solid processes, policies, and procedures in the organization that ensures that our Stars performance isn't based on contract consolidations and other matters like that. It's really based on improved clinical outcomes, better satisfaction and, at the end of the day, also better compliance ratings. And I think that's when we talk about volatility. We talk about it in that context of how our infrastructure has really improved and our ability to manage the business in a highly regulatory environment.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. First, I just wanted to clarify. When you say growing EPS, just want to be clear. Is the context there off the $11.50 plus base or off the $11 base? And then the question I had was, just if you can kind of discuss the crosswalk and maybe the process for a member. I'm assuming there's some sort of auto renewal if somebody stays on the same plan. But in the case of you rationalizing a contract, does that mean the member needs to go and sort of now select a new plan? Or if you could just help us understand the process and the differences for a member between sort of a legacy contract versus cross-walking to a new contract? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: So I'll go there first. It will be seamless for the member as it relates to the contract consolidation. So that won't be an issue in terms of the member won't see that consolidation. With respect to the EPS, I think it's important to use $11 as the baseline. And we hope to  obviously, our plan is to grow that number, and our expectation it would be above the $11.50 as well, but $11 is the baseline. And so as we think about growth rates, I think that's the way you should be thinking about 2018.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, the 11% to 15%, I think, is what you've had as kind of your growth expectations. Is there anything to consider kind of next year on sort of puts and takes to that estimate? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. So I'm not prepared to comment on where we'll be on EPS growth because that would be giving guidance for 2018. We're trying to help you and give you context about how we're thinking about the year, but really not prepared to give specifics. I think what we try to communicate this morning is that we feel good about the product we're putting out for our members that will enable us to grow membership. And we also believe when combined with trend benders and some of the productivity initiatives we're working through will enable us to grow EPS in a steady way.
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I apologize. A couple of questions here, first, for 2018  so just to follow-up here, I think there's some confusion in terms of how your Medicare Advantage bids shook out from a market perspective. So, Brian, your original 2017 guidance assumed a margin below the target of 4.5% to 5%. So can we expect that within your strong 2017 performance and the discussion of the stable benefits you're able to get back to your target margins in 2018? Or is that a wrong conclusion?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: So I appreciate the question, but obviously, we're not prepared to give 2018 guidance. What I will say is that it is true, as we articulated that we came into the year a little bit below our margin expectation, our long-term margin target. It's fair to say with this outperformance that we are above our margin target, and it's fair to say that our long-term target remains 4.5% to 5% on a pre-tax basis. But beyond that, I don't want to comment any further.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just on Medicare Advantage growth, I thought  and correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought you had previously said I think at the Investor Day that you expected growth in line to above that industry target of 6% for next year. Is that now an incorrect assumption? And when you talk about stable benefits for Humana, given all the talk about competition, are you seeing your competitor plans also keep benefits stable in terms of what you're hearing from the market so far?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, first of all, at the Investor Day, we talked about long-term growing at or above the market. We didn't comment on 2018, and I would just leave it at that. It's too early, really, to see what our competitors have done. The data still isn't out there broadly, and it's something we'll be analyzing in the coming months. But we're obviously, as an organization, gearing up for AEP, and we feel good about how we're positioned.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Justin, let me just try to clarify a few things. Obviously, we're in a difficult position right now, because we are not prepared to give detailed guidance on 2018. And so, Brian is sort of shaking in his chair right now. So just want to highlight that. But we are committed. I just want to make it clear. We are committed to managing the business to a 4.5% to 5% long-term margin business for us, which we committed at the Investor Day. We have not lost that commitment. Second thing we are committed to is being able to grow over a period of time annually in the double-digit growth level that we committed in the Investor Day. And so, none of those have changed. I think what we're trying to communicate is we're having a great 2017. We think the 2017 allows us to  the performance, operationally, allows us to reinvest dollars in 2018 that sets us up for a strong growth in 2018 and we feel good about that. And I just  we have to leave it at that because we're not  we can't give detailed guidance for 2018.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Lets me try it a little bit different way. You guys got nice improvement in your Stars scores, moving up 37% of our membership. You put in bids in early June. Here we are in early August. Did you know that you had the improvement in Star scores when you put in your bids? Or should we be assuming that you didn't know that and that you're going to have an incremental, call it, $600 million to $750 million of incremental earnings, as a  or incremental pre-tax earnings as a result of the  accounting for either the benchmark caps or whatever, but the higher bonus amounts that you would get.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: No. So  good morning, Peter  we did know our Stars scores before we submitted our bids. So our bids incorporate the 74%.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So we should expect better member growth then.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, again, what we've said is we're able to keep benefits stable and competitive and so we'll see where it shakes out, but we feel good about how we're positioned.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Rigg with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Just wanted to, I guess, really come back to what others have been asking about the membership growth. When I think about your comments of stable in the context of what some of your other publicly-traded peers, it all sounds about the same. So I guess is it fair to think that maybe you have actually enhanced benefits in some plans that makes you confident or, I guess, I still don't understand the logic that makes you confident you can "meaningfully grow the membership" when you don't see what others are offering at this point? Thanks.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, again, I think that's why we're being cautious. We don't know where our competitors are. As I said on a national basis, we're stable. I think there are clearly markets where we believe we can grow and we invested in and there are markets where perhaps we're not as well-positioned and we didn't invest as much. So we were, I think, very strategic about where we put our investments and our dollars to be able to maximize growth and offer compelling product for our members. But it is too early to assess where we are relative to our competition. But as Bruce said, we're working every angle and possibility we can to enhance growth including distribution. So again, we feel good about where we are. We'll obviously know more in the coming months as we see how we're positioned relative to our peers.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Just to add a few things there. I think, first, we feel we're doing the right things for our customers as what we've talked about on the stable side. We've never been cheapest on the market. We've always been competitive and we've always been able to compete there. So we don't  we feel with the brand we have, the experience we provide the customer, our health offerings that we have, we can compete really, really well as an organization, especially if we are in the race with the benefits side. The second thing I really need to re-emphasize with the investors is the organization has been under somewhat of a cloud for the last few years as a result of the transaction that has been  that I think it has caused a little bit of a challenge and headwinds in the sales process, whether it was in central parts of the states where we were having to market against where it was announced we were going to sell membership to some of the other markets where it was looked upon as that it wasn't going to be a Humana product at some point in time. So as you put in context of where our performance is this year, our focus on growing and our ability to keep stable benefits, our improved orientation or relationship with our broker, we feel and that's where our confidence is coming from and the organization having clarity on its independence. And so, I think that's what you hear from the management team and why we feel that next year we'll have a good growth year.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hello, everybody. I figured I'd just maybe ask a couple questions related to the specialty business given the way the questions have gone so far. I want to just flesh out a couple comments that I think Brian made. First, there was a comment about the uptake in the chronic care involvement to being better than expected. I wonder if you could flesh out exactly what you're seeing there in the uptake. I know that's probably helping on your cost trend. I don't know if you can help quantify that. You also mentioned the mail-order rates not being as high. Have you been able to drill down to see why that's happening on the PBM side? And then lastly, on the specialty, I think you guys mentioned you're still looking at home health and there was a proposal that just came out. I know some of your emphasis on home health to help your existing business. But the proposal would change Medicare the way that they think about paying for home health and I wonder if that affects your interest in doing something there in any way?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: So, that's definitely more than one question.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: All related to specialty. They're all related to specialty.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: We'll try to answer it, A.J. So when we refer to specialty, what we were talking about in that context was our Group and Specialty segment and specifically our dental business which has been outperforming. It's not something that we're prepared to quantify but it's a business that we don't talk a lot about but as I think done very, very nicely, membership higher than we expected as well as better claims experience. Secondly, as it relates to the home care side or the Humana At Home optimization as we called it and the mail-order side, those are both in our Healthcare Services segments. On the optimization side, as we said for a number of months now, we are spending a lot of time making sure that our members are getting the right level of care at the right time. And that the right interventions are happening. And so if someone, for example, improves or gets better and no longer needs our services, that's a member we won't touch as many times. And I think we're being a lot more disciplined and operationally rigorous in ensuring that the members who truly need the care are getting the care. And so we continued to see very good results, where the member is getting the right level of care and that's where we're focused. But that does have a pre-tax implication for Healthcare Services because as we reduce effectively the charges, the intercompany charges, to Medicare, Medicare benefits from a lower charge but Healthcare Services gets impacted because there's lower pre-tax associated with that because there's a margin there. And so again, I think that's important as we talk about the integration of our model that we're constantly looking at what is the best decision for overall Humana and more importantly for our members and their clinical health. On the specialty side, on the specialty  sorry, the pharmacy side, the mail-order side, what we're referring to there is our mail-order rate and, as I mentioned in our low price Walmart plan, which has been and continues to be a very successful plan and a very good partnership with Walmart, we are seeing a slightly lower mail-order rate than we had anticipated. We think it's probably because we made some tweaks to the benefit design that maybe causing some of those members to fulfill  to fill their prescriptions at retail rather than at mail. But again, overall, it's a  there's an impact on Healthcare Services, but there's only a small impact to overall Humana because of the way the co-pay structure works when someone fills at retail. And then finally  and I'm sure Bruce will comment on this as well, as it relates to home health, we continue to look at opportunities. We're obviously mindful of the rate release that came out. We're analyzing that and I'll just leave it at that. But it doesn't fundamentally change our strategy in the home and being able to engage with our members in a much more significant way in the home.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I'll just add to that, the home side. We  although, obviously, we haven't announced any acquisitions, we are working internally, as we talk about, organic and when we think about home long-term, we think about it not only in coordinating care, delivery of care in the home, which is the traditional home health side, also being able to have a home-based clinical model that is can be nurses and doctors can help people at home through telemedicine or to go to their home. And we're working on all of those different ones and so it doesn't necessarily mean that we just have to announce an acquisition and that's our home health strategy. There's a lot of other things that are going on within the organization to advance the home side. But you're right, A.J., it is all wrapped around how do we advance our membership in the long-term.
Operator: Your next question is from Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. You mentioned that MA individual was seeing lower hospital utilization and pharmacy spend. What's driving those two trends? And are those drivers sustainable beyond 2017?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, it's something obviously we do a lot of work around to try to understand what are the major drivers. We're clearly seeing the success of our clinical programs and some of our operational initiatives, what we call, trend benders. We are seeing an important advancement of our strategy there and we think that is why we're beating our operational targets, particularly on the inpatient side. On the pharmacy side, it's something that we continue to look through. I think  look at  I think we're seeing slightly lower trend than we had expected. I think that's really the major driver. There may be some mix issues there as well in the membership that we have, but it's something that we continue to analyze. And as we think about 2018, obviously, as we mentioned, we've reinvested those  that outperformance into our  in our bid design, we're obviously cautious about certain trends and whether they will continue. And so we're very mindful of trends that might continue and trends that might not continue. And so we, obviously, do a lot of analytics, a lot of actuaries working in figuring that out. So I think what we put into our benefit design for 2018 we feel good about.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I think on the sustainability side that you asked, I think that's really the core of our strategy when you think about advancing our relationships with our providers and moving them more and more to a value-based payment model. It is all wrapped around how do we continue to think more holistically about the individual move from a reactive type of healthcare system to more of a proactive side. In the conversation that we just had with A.J. on the home, it's really around how do we keep people out of institutions and be able to stay where they really desire and that's at home and how can we provide them the care that they're needed there both on a reactive basis as their conditions are expressing themselves in some way or on a proactive basis where we're preventing. And so we do feel that our ability to impact the hospital admissions and specifically, pharmacy in some ways, has sustainability, and is really the core of what we're operating towards as an organization.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on Sarah's question, if I may. The South Florida market, by all of the hospital reports say as well as our channel checks, suggest that you're having quite a bit of success on driving down inpatient with value-based care and all of that. So my question was a follow-up on, firstly, how much of the potential future outperformance do you get to keep relative to providers on lower utilization as well as, as you've learned more from your Star crosswalk on the revenue side? And how much you have to share with your provider partners and might that change your strategy on just doing contract as to buying more docs at some point?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, it's fair to say that when we are in a full risk arrangement with a provider, they'll obviously get the financial benefits from that. About one-third of our members are in full risk arrangements. The other two-thirds are not. About 65%, including that 33%, are in some form of a value-based arrangement where we share in some of those savings. I think it's fair to say that everyone benefits when admissions go down. Obviously, most importantly, our members benefit and so that's where we're focused. But also, from a financial perspective, we want our providers to do well and have strong financial performance because that enables us to demonstrate to other providers who are thinking about taking risk with us that there are opportunities to do very well there. And so really, everyone benefits when we're able to drive down medical costs and admissions. As it relates to the Stars impact, it really has a similar impact. Depending on the arrangement that you're in, the provider will get a higher portion of dollars just because there's more premium going through the system. And if they get a percentage of premium, they're going to get more premiums. So they clearly share in the Stars recovery.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Ana, just to bring that a little more in focus, we find when we have a relationship with providers that are in a full risk or a integrated model, as we referred to it, we have better health outcomes. We have higher satisfaction. We have higher retention. We have higher Stars scores, and we have lower cost. And to us, it is well worth sharing those benefits with our providers because we find that it's a win for everybody in both the member side and the provider side. And we are just advocates about how that should be the future of health care.
Operator: Your next question is from Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, there. I know you're not giving 2018 guidance, but I'd like to revisit history a little bit. My understanding coming into this year is that you didn't take the full benefit of the HIF and throw it into benefits. You didn't take the tax benefit whereas many of your competitors took the full benefit, and therefore, I'm thinking you probably are not going to have to impact benefits because (51:01) you kept them stable, as much us your competitors. So I'm thinking your growth in MA should be better than your competitors. Yet I'm hearing you're above your target margin, so I'm thinking the margin probably has a little bit of a headwind next year. Am I thinking about this right? And also, is there anything to talk about in the group MA business in terms of your pipeline?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Good morning, Christine. So again, it is the case that without commenting on our competitors, that the tax deductibility of the HIF, we did not reflect in benefits for 2017. And so, therefore, with the HIF coming back in 2018, we don't have to reduce benefits to effectively offset that or take an impact to margin, depending on what you want to do. That amount is something we don't have to address. And by the way, it was the reason why we did in the first place because we were concerned that we'd be in the situation and we want to try to be keep benefit stable, which we've been successful doing. With respect to margin, as I mentioned with a previous question, we are above our margin target. We don't expect, by definition, to bid above our margin target, so there should be an expectation that our margin target will be lower next year. And we're not prepared to give guidance around that, as we've talked about. As it relates to group MA, we continue to be selective in picking our spots. Our team is out there really pounding the pavement for opportunities. We feel pretty good about where we stand in the group MA business and looking at a number of prospects. But I would tell you that, as we said in multiple calls, we're going to be disciplined as we price that product. It's got to make sense from a return on capital perspective and from a risk perspective before we're willing to sign up, particularly for some of these large jumbo accounts.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. So do you expect to grow group MA next year? I mean, the pipeline is probably pretty big or is it pretty stable?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. I'm really not prepared to comment on group MA growth at this point. Again, there's a number of prospects we're looking at and the guys are doing a really good job, but I think it's just early to comment on group MA growth at this point.
Amy K. Smith - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Are you complete with the streamlining or optimization of the chronic care program at this point? We saw a headline that may be you reduced by about 500 people. And is the outcome of that optimization that you would kind of achieve the same impact with lower cost? Or do you actually think you can intensify focus on the important items to improve impact at lower cost? Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We're going to continue to find the most optimal clinical model that's out there to take in both outcomes as you're asking about and, in addition, the cost of maintaining that. And frankly, I think as Brian articulated, we were probably spending some time with members that didn't want to spend time with us, so the experience is actually better. So we're finding that when we  what we're doing is actually improving the program overall from both the effectiveness on the health side, the cost and the experience side. We do believe there's still some opportunities there. We're studying it. As Brian articulated, we wanted to walk before we run. We're seeing some maybe opportunities that we can be a little more efficient there. But that's to be coming. But I wouldn't emphasize in some of our clinical costs, it really is not only that we've reduced the administrative costs, but I can tell you that we're also still having a very large impact on the institutional costs that we're preventing.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your final question is from Zach Sopcak with Morgan Stanley.
Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, thank you for the question. I had a question with your provider relationships on CMS's proposal to move knee arthroplasty out of the inpatient-only list and onto the outpatient list. Is that something that could, if it passes and reaches steady state, impact your cost trend a few years out? And if so, how do you think about that opportunity?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: I would just say that's a very specific opportunity, and there's probably 100 of those. And moving it from inpatient to outpatient is always effective but we see these kind of particular trends in many different parts of different specialties.
Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Bruce Broussard for closing remarks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Well, again, I thank everyone for supporting the organization and, most importantly, I thank our associates, our providers, and our members as being advocates for our organization and really advancing our strategy going forward. So, everyone, have a great day and, again, thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc. Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc. Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc. Christopher Mark Todoroff - Humana, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Letitia, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IQ 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Regina Nethery.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Humana's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2017 results and our financial outlook for the full year. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, will be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our first quarter 2017 earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Regina, and good morning and thank you for joining us. Also thanks to many of you for participating in our Investor Day last week. In conjunction with that event, we preannounced our first quarter 2017 GAAP EPS of $7.49 per diluted share, or $2.75 on an adjusted basis, and raised our expectations for the full year GAAP EPS to at least $16.91 with full year adjusted EPS projected to be at least $11.10. This morning, we reaffirmed that increased guidance and provided the full detail behind our first quarter 2017 results. While Brian will review the financials in more detail, I want to emphasize that these results reflect the commitment and effort of the entire Humana team to ensuring our integrated care delivery strategy is executed with focus and is flexible and adaptable to local market needs. At our recent Investor Day, we spoke of our principles of focus, integration and flexibility, which are not new to us. By consistently applying these principles in our business practices, we've been able to advance our strategy even during the extended period of uncertainty. I'll begin with focus. Our strategy is more focused than ever as we concentrate on those lines of business where our integrated care delivery model adds the most value. Second, we are focusing on the most effective way to extend our touch points with our members including healthcare experiences outside of the care physicians and other institutions. Third, we are continuing to focus on strengthening our operating platform to optimize its productivity and dependability. Integration is another area of emphasis and includes integrating more deeply with our providers to evolve to a more holistic care model, integrating both the lifestyles and healthcare aspects of a member's health, and integrating technology and processes to remove friction points in the healthcare delivery system, to improve the experience for our members and providers. Healthcare is a local experience. That's why our strategy and capabilities have been developed to be flexible and adaptable to local market conditions. This means adjusting the care platform based on specific market dynamics, related product offerings and the health conditions of our members. Our historical success in market differentiation are grounded in our ability to integrate our health plans and Healthcare Service businesses through leveraging our data analytics, clinical programs, and consumer-focused platform to drive health engagement and incentivize managing health holistically. By helping our members manage their conditions and by assisting them in slowing disease progression, we are seeing measurable improvement in several of our communities of members experiencing more healthy days. We believe the combination of effective clinical programs, a productive platform, and an engaging experience for members and providers leads to an affordable product which ultimately drives profitable membership growth and growth in our Healthcare Services businesses. All of this combined help to improve the productivity of our platform and allow for a disciplined use of capital. In closing, we believe in the strength of our company going forward and its ability to deliver double-digit earnings growth for our shareholders over the long-term. Our first quarter results strongly reinforced this strength. We believe that concentrating on what we do best, helping seniors with chronic conditions, solidly positions us to drive multiyear quality Medicare Advantage growth while leveraging our Healthcare Service businesses to reduce cost and improve the clinical outcomes of our Medicare Advantage members. Through integrating our health plans and Healthcare Service businesses more deeply and investing in clinical capabilities and physician partnerships, we have already made great progress improving outcomes, reducing cost and enhancing the member experience. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. My remarks today will also be relatively brief given our Investor Day last week allowing more time for analyst questions. As Bruce mentioned, the first quarter of 2017 produced solid results ahead of our prior expectations, and consequently, we raised our adjusted EPS guidance to at least $11.10 and our full year Retail pre-tax target by $50 million. We also expect our quarterly EPS progression to reflect just under 30% of the full year number in each of the second and third quarters, with the fourth quarter expected to reflect the usual cost increases associated with the open enrollment season. I will now provide more details about each of our segment's operating performance. Led by individual Medicare Advantage, our Retail segment outperformed our initial estimates, largely due to better-than-anticipated prior-period development. Early indicators also suggest that medical cost utilization trends, including hospital admissions and pharmacy spend, are running well relative to our pricing expectations. Initial indications of Medicare premium levels are also encouraging. Finally, we have lowered our expectations around 2017 individual MA membership growth to 15,000 to 25,000 from 30,000 to 40,000 while we are increasing Group MA membership by 10,000 members to 80,000 to 90,000. We do not expect these changes to impact overall Medicare profitability. With regard to our Medicare Advantage bids for the 2018 plan year, our organization is working diligently on our bid submissions which are due in early June. With the overhang associated with the terminated transaction now behind us, we believe we'll be positioned for stronger growth next year while we maintain pricing discipline. We continue to receive a number of questions about the assumptions that will be reflected in our bids. For competitive reasons, we won't be specific on these, but I will reiterate three of the key points we shared at our Investor Day last week. First, we are incorporating our recent 2017 outperformance into our pricing and will reflect any new information as it becomes available in advance of the bid submissions. Second, we are assuming the nondeductible health insurance fee, also known as the HIF, resumes in 2018 as is scheduled under current law. This will result in a reduction of benefits and/or increases in premiums for our members, which could create some member dislocation given the importance of stable premiums and benefits to member retention and new sales. And third, our bids will reflect the outcome of our ongoing Stars bonus efforts with CMS, and we will update the Street on our progress in this regard during our second quarter conference call. Turning to our other businesses, our Group and Specialty segment is having another good year. Our performance is running in line with expectations, with a focus on smaller employers paying dividends as it gives the organization focus as well as the opportunity to add meaningful value for our customers. Our Healthcare Services segment also continues to deliver profits, steady cash flow to the parent, and importantly, clinical excellence and trend benders for our insurance lines. You will note that we have taken down intersegment revenue guidance by approximately $1 billion for the year. Our Humana At Home optimization continues apace and is proceeding a little faster than we had expected. We expect this optimization to continue into 2018. Additionally, we are seeing lower-than-expected pharmacy volumes, which reflect lower health plan drug utilization than we had previously anticipated. This of course is a positive development for overall Humana, though it is still too early to draw definitive conclusions. If these trends continue, we expect that the increase in health plan pre-tax income would more than offset any reduction in pharmacy profits, though it is also important to note that any utilization reductions in the health plan would be meaningfully offset by lower member cost share and CMS reinsurance payments. I will now make some comments regarding our long-term EPS targets that we discussed during our Investor Day last week. There have been some questions as to how we define low to mid-teens EPS growth. To provide more clarity around regarding our intentions, our long-term annual EPS target is 11% to 15%, reflecting our conviction around our strategy and the results it can deliver. As we discussed last week, our annual results will vary, sometimes performing above this range as in 2016, other times falling within the range and depending on the funding environment, competitive landscape and any prior year over-performance, there may be years in which EPS growth is below that range. Given our integrated model, we have multiple levers we can pull to achieve these long-term results which will also vary year-to-year. These levers include, among others, membership and PMPM premium growth, MA margin changes, depending where the prior year finished in terms of our 4.5% to 5% individual MA pre-tax margin target, Healthcare Services pre-tax growth in excess of insurance membership growth to drive additional margin, and of course, capital return and M&A. Enhancing organizational productivity will also be a prime focus of the company to achieve these results while also increasing operational consistency. Finally, before opening the call up for questions, I would like to share with you the news that Regina Nethery, our Vice President of Investor Relations, has decided to retire at the end of this month after nearly 22 years with Humana. It is impossible to overstate Regina's contributions to Humana over her career. She has not only been consistently recognized as the Investor Relations leader in our industry, but she has also been a critical partner to Bruce and me, as well as to our predecessors, helping all of us navigate the tremendous change both Humana and the industry have undergone over her distinguished career. Her wise counsel and impeccable market judgment have guided us through both good times and bad, demonstrating exemplary leadership and representing the very best of Humana. We can't thank her enough for all that she has done for the company. Regina, you will be greatly missed and we wish you the very best. With Regina's retirement, Amy Smith will lead Investor Relations. Amy is a CPA, who has been at Humana for nearly 14 years, serving most of that time in progressively expanding leadership roles on the Financial Reporting team, driving SEC reporting and development of external messaging on key financial measurements for our earnings releases. With this expertise, she joined the Investor Relations team in February 2017 and met many of you at our Investor Day last week. Bruce and I look forward to partnering with Amy in her new capacity and she's very excited about the opportunity of working with all of you. With that, we will open up the lines for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Kevin.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hello. Thanks. I guess I just would like to reiterate those comments that Brian just made about Regina; incredibly helpful over the years. So, you will be missed. But I guess my question would be I guess it's not clear exactly to me how you're thinking about 2018 in the terms of that 11% to 15% EPS growth target. It sounds to me like you're highlighting a few headwinds there, certainly the HIF being the biggest one. Is there any initial kind of thought about that making it difficult to hit that target as we see it right now?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, Kevin, as you know, we typically don't provide even as much commentary as we've provided to this point on the following year and I think what we've provided at this point is really all we're going to say. Obviously, the HIF is something that we're very focused on and it is a headwind that frankly all the industry will have to contend with, but we are very mindful of all the elements that are going to go into our bids and you should expect more commentary as we get to later in the year. So, that's really all we can say at this point.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's fair. Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Josh.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Hi, Josh.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, and congrats again to Regina and to Amy as well. My question on the exchange is the Commercial Individual business. I know the MLR was running particularly low. I'm just trying to understand the performance relative to expectations and where you are vis--vis the PDR last year? I'm assuming that the MLR is just seasonally that low, so I'm just curious. Is that in line with what you're expecting? And what's sort of a P&L impact for the Individual Commercial business this year?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Hi, Josh. It is in line and you pointed to the reason why the MER is so low. It's really seasonality. There's a very steep claims curve in the Individual business as the year progresses given the benefit design of the product and so the MER and the profitability in the first quarter is within our expectations. We do still expect to lose approximately $45 million overall for our ACA and our non-ACA combined individual products. If you compare versus last year, which you may be looking at, the losses were significantly higher than what we expect this year and as you know, we exited all of our off-exchange products and meaningfully pared back our on-exchange products particularly those areas where we were losing a great deal of money. And so that really explains the difference year-over-year, but the seasonality is real in this product and that's what's explaining that low MER this quarter.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And we should think of the $45 million as still the bogey in terms of what should be a, some sort of, tailwind for 2018? Whether you're in or you're out, I assume that the plan would be to fix it, right?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, true, but remember that we are excluding the Individual business from our adjusted earnings, so it will help the GAAP earnings, but we've taken it out of our adjusted earnings.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Perfect.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. And first of all, I also want to just extend my best to Regina in your retirement and appreciate all your help over all the years. The question, just first question I had is just on, so give us an update on how things are progressing in terms of reactivating the external distribution channel for MA? I know that there had been some disruption that you had cited just around merger uncertainty on the 2017 selling season and just how those efforts are going to reengage your distribution heading into 2018?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thanks, Scott. First, we never disengage from the distribution channel. I think there was just a lot of confusion in the marketplace that some of the brokers were creating as a result of the transaction specifically; are you buying Aetna product or are you buying a Humana product and just some of the confusion that would create. And then in some markets where we were needing to sell membership, there was a lot of push on that we were selling membership and exiting, which also created some confusion in the marketplace. But that being said, there is a whole host of effort right now of deepening our relationships with the brokers. I mean I know just in the last six weeks, we've had a number of one-on-one meetings and group meetings with our distribution channels, and basically saying we're back in action and we have some great products, and the Humana that you knew two years ago is even better than ever. And so I just think our continued touching with them will be important. We are very competitive on the compensation side. I think this year we also will continue to support them in marketing actions and other things to help their book of business. And so we feel good about it and we feel that the confusion in the marketplace over the last few years that some brokers used to our disadvantage is gone. And I think the strength of the company is strong, and I think we'll be able to continue to build deeper relationships with the partnerships that have proven to be successful for us.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. If I could just ask a follow-up question just on the optimization process that's playing out in Healthcare Services, maybe just sort of walk us through in terms of what the key dynamics are for that and then in terms of how that impacts the earnings and sort of drives up the ROIs? Just more insight into that would appreciated. Thanks.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah, I think it's general, we are very committed to Humana At Home and the benefits that Humana At Home offers. What we were seeing, and I think this is a combination both of our effectiveness of the programs and how we've gotten better, that we were able to get the same clinical outcomes, the same financial improvements so that we would see by shortening the number of both the time and the visits and the method of the visit, and it's really the optimization of that that has allowed us to get  to leverage the great associates that we have in that area. And I would attribute that to both technology and just continuing to advance the care model. So, in result, what that does is, is it allows us to do more with less and, in result, lower the operating costs for HumanaOne  I'm sorry  Humana At Home, and that then allows us to pass those savings on to our Retail division that ultimately also helps in the ability to price the product in the marketplace. So I would say, it's just really continued optimization of our organization and the effectiveness both leveraging the care plans that we have and then also the productivity of our associates.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Again, Regina, thanks for everything. Congrats on your retirement and hope  I know everyone hopes you'll stay in touch. Questions  first, just a quick numbers question. Brian, can you tell us what PYD added to the first quarter in terms of  obviously, a decent PYD number, was it more than you would expect to build in the guidance for Q1? And maybe I'll just stop there and maybe you can  I'm all choked up for  I'm going to miss Regina already.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: We are, too.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: So I'll just stop there, and then I've got one more question.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. Well, again, the PYD, I think the $50 million is really reflective of sort of the excess PPD that we didn't expect is the way I would describe it, and that's what's been built in to the guidance. It's broadly in that range. Remember that we don't  we expect some PPD beyond the traditional reversal of the margin that happens naturally every year and that's  we expect that in our Medicare business. What we said on the last quarter call is that what we achieved in 2016 we didn't expect to recur again in 2017, and so while the PPD is down year-over-year, it's still higher than we had expected, and that's really the $50 million number that we called out.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, and I'll second everybody else's comments on Regina. Good luck in the future, Regina, in all you do. And moving on to  go back to the broker question, Bruce. Your membership in Individual MA, you've taken it down in terms of the growth that you're expecting. It was down sequentially when you look at the CMS numbers in both March and April, so it doesn't sound like what you're doing is actually having an impact today in terms of your broker outreach. Can you describe? Are you thinking about changing your broker outreach at this point given that you haven't had success in turning around the decline there, or the low growth? And then what else could you  just your plan designs at this point? Or what should we be expecting going forward?
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. A few things there. First, just keep in mind that the transaction terminated in February, so anything that carried over would continue to carry over from one period to another, so I think the environment really hasn't changed, and I would say that the clarity we have now in the environment is going to be a tailwind for us as an organization. So we don't want to make massive changes in what we are doing there. I do think we are studying in the AEP or in our bid process for AEP, our plan design and being very thoughtful around that as it compares to the competitive plan design, and I think it's going to be the combination of both efforts we're doing in those areas. And as Brian said, we really don't want to share what we're doing on the plan design today as a result of the competitive positioning of the product and the period of time we're in. So we're very optimistic about what we're doing. I know, Peter, you're looking for details, but I'm not going to provide those to you as a result of where we are in the process, but I think we'll do better next year, but I do think the plan design's an important part of that going forward.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yeah. And remember, for 2017, just we're not talking big numbers here and on a 3-million-member base, you have small levels of dis-enrollments or small differences in sales, that can easily swing numbers 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 members one way or the other. So I wouldn't make too much of the 2017 change.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's fair. Just a follow up. Has the issue been more with the brokers that you employ? Because I know you have some of your own brokers versus brokers that you work with that are not Humana brokers.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: We saw  with our existing proprietary sales network, we see consistency there in our sales and in retention. It was probably more on the extended brokered channel that we have had. A little bit of inconsistency there. And I don't want to make a big deal out of it. I think it's as much about the relationships with the brokers as it is about the confusion in the marketplace. And I think both in product design and with the clarity of the transaction being behind us, I think those two things will be helpful. And just one other note, just on 2017, to provide further perspective on that, we did exit a number of markets on a  purposefully, which also reduced our growth significantly down and that's not reflected in the  it's reflected in the net number and it also affects the growth in an absolute basis.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, I understand. That's what I was pointing out, the sequential change in March and April of CMS (28:28) numbers. Thank you.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Hello, everybody. Best wishes, Regina, on the retirement as well. I might just ask you about  there have been a lot of new developments since you guys had your Investor Day, but we have had a couple of your peers report and there seems to be several of them pointing to the Group MA market talking about strength there and renewed optimism. I know you were up 10,000 lives or increased your guidance by 10,000 lives, rather. Can you give us your thoughts on the Group MA and what you're seeing what the pipeline of new business looks like there? And just any commentary or perspective on that market and whether there's any  they're talking about incremental investments that they're needing to make, where do you stand on that, is that something we should think about for the rest of the year?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Hi, A.J. I would say that we are selectively looking at Group MA opportunities. There is a pipeline there. We have a team out there that is, I think, doing a really great job looking for those opportunities and we're going to pick our spots, as we've said in prior context, to make sure that we're able to earn an adequate return of capital. There's no real additional investment in 2017 for the Group MA product that's not already built into the plan. But we are looking at a number of opportunities, as I think a number of folks are, but we're going to continue to be disciplined. But we think we have a very good product that we can offer and, again, it's really going to depend on the competitive landscape, our relative market position, depending where the members are and how aggressive we want to be. But, again, I think we're going to be quite disciplined in this product.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Mike Newshel.
Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning. Can you size any regulatory capital you might be able to free up from the individual market exit and just the timing on that and how long you have to wait for the claims to run out?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. I mean, you can look at our premiums and they're sort of north of $3 billion and, call it, 10% to 12% of premium over time that we can ultimately get out of our statutory subsidiaries. There is a tail there and I would imagine in 2018 we'll start pulling out some of that capital from some of the prior reductions, but ultimately it's going to probably, likely, take into 2019 before we can get all of our capital out.
Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thanks. And also given it's in the news this week that the DOJ has joined in some more  intervening in some more lawsuits with Medicare Advantage risk coding. If you can you just give us an update on the subpoenas that you've received in the past or just the status of anything you've publicly disclosed around the government looking into risk coding?
Christopher Mark Todoroff - Humana, Inc.: Hi. It's Christopher. What I would say is we've been saying for a long time, which is there's been an industry-wide review going on for quite a while and we've disclosed that in the past in our SEC filings and I would say that continues. And I think that if you look back at our prior Ks and Qs, it's got a full description of what's going on.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: I think it's fair to say, we feel very good about our risk adjustment processes. We take this very seriously. We look for outliers. We've a lot of analytics around this. We do self-audits. Again, we feel very good about our risk-adjustment practices.
Christopher Mark Todoroff - Humana, Inc.: Yes. That's an important point. I mean we do very fulsome self-audits against a fee-for-service measure that we calculate and we disclose the results to the agency.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to get from you, directly, what the retail MA MLR is running at now and what you're expecting for the full year? Not retail so much, the Medicare MLR because there are assumptions built around the individual commercial book and risk-adjusted receivables and so on?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes, the retail MER is disclosed in the financials because it's been pulled out. So it's in our press release. The reported MER for retail was 88.1% for the quarter.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: This includes individuals? I'm just asking.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Ana, It's Regina. Remember we did segment  we realigned the segments and we pulled individual out of that? So the individual commercial is its own segment and would not be included in that retail number any longer.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Right. The 88.1% excludes individual.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: So why is it so high at 88% now, seems on the higher side to me.
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, again, the full-year guidance is out there in 86% range. Remember the PDP product, in particular, drives the seasonality of that business, so over time the PDP MER as you move forward through the quarter given the product design, that MER goes down and so that's what's driving the, sort of, the high MER in the first quarter relative to our full-year guidance.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: And might you see margin expansion through 2018 or is this your normalized...
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: I'm sorry, Ana. We couldn't quite hear you.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Is this your normalized look or might we see some margin improvement into 2018, as you're targeting...
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Well, remember, a couple of things are going on. First from a pre-tax perspective as we indicated at Investor Day, given where our guidance is right now with the $50 million, we're at the low end of our individual MA number. But remember with the HIF coming back in 2018, that's going to impact the MER. While the MER was slightly up, there were a number of things driving the MER that ultimately pulled it down, but the HIF offset that because you put more back into benefits. With the HIF coming back, you'll have to reduce the MER and increase the admin ratio to reflect that HIF. So the components are going to change between the admin ratio and medical cost ratio, but as it relates to specific pre-tax margin guidance, again, we're not providing 2018 guidance at this point.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, and thanks, Regina, as well. Just one big question about individual or big in terms of just a few component parts to it. Of the 200 individual commercial I'm talking about, of the 201,000 enrollments, can you give us largest, say, breakout on and off exchange, because I still think there is grandfathered stuff. And tell us what you think that enrollment number does next year?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Yes. Well, so remember that we've exited the individual exchanges as of the end of 2017. So we're not going to have any members for 2018. For 2017, we exited the off-exchange in total. So of our call it 200,000 members today, we have about 155,000 on exchange and about 45,000 legacy members, or grandfathered members. From a state perspective, Tennessee now is our largest state, followed by Louisiana and Florida. But Tennessee by far is our largest state with over, call it, 65,000 members.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of David Windley.
David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Hi, there. It's Dave Styblo in for Windley. Congratulations again, Regina and Amy. I want to just ask a bigger macro question on industry growth for 2018, and just to get your guys sense of how you think that shakes out? I guess as we look at the individual Medicare Advantage industry growth, it was either flat or declining year-to-date or year-over-year, depending on what you're looking at. And I guess with the HIF moratorium, we would have thought that would have helped first in acceleration. So as we go into next year what data do you look at or what is your thoughts about how industry growth tracks? Could it have increased pressure as we go through the 2018 cycle, or again, what sort of things do you look at that can help size what the HIF had an impact in terms of market growth this year?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: So it's Brian. At our Investor Day, we suggested working with other outside independent groups that, call it, 6% plus or minus growth rate year-over-year was something that we could expect. The variance, I would agree that the HIF had probably less of an impact this year than perhaps one would have thought on overall market growth. And that might suggest that next year it also, by coming back, may not have as much of an impact on market growth, but it's too early to tell. I mean the thing that worries us about the HIF a little bit is that it's a big number and when you go the other way and reduce benefits, that could have an impact on that overall growth rate. But it's really frankly hard to tell and hard to model human behavior and how they respond to the reduction of benefits and increased premiums. There are also a number of demographics that vary year-to-year just in terms of the number of people who are aging in to Medicare, and so that's going to vary. It's geographically based as well. And so again it's very hard to say whether that 6% is going to hold next year and what the variance around that may be, but that's broadly the number that we're thinking about.
David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. That's helpful. And then just real quick, kind of coming back to the EPS targets, the 11% to 15%; thanks for clarifying that. I think the components there are mid-to-high single-digit revenue growth, and then capital deployment adds around three points, sort of looking at what you've historically done. What, obviously margin expansion is baked in there to some extent. I guess what's the lever there if you're already operating pretty close to your targeted MA retail margins? I think those are already at the 4.5% mark of your 4.5% to 5% range. Is there just more upside there or more upside from other business mix that would allow you to drive margins on a consolidated basis higher?
Brian A. Kane - Humana, Inc.: Sure. I think there are two elements there. The first is, you mentioned around the MA side. As I said, we are at the low end of our margin range at this point, but remember, this is a long-term target, so every year is going to be different. There will be years where we'll be below our long term individual MA range, and sometimes we'll be above that pre-tax range. And so that's where that lever comes in depending on where you are exiting the prior year. The second element relates to our Healthcare Services franchise. We believe that over time  and there are going to be, again, years where it's faster and years where it's slower, but there are opportunities to further engage with our members and drive pre-tax Healthcare Services growth faster than revenue growth. And that ultimately leads to more margin for the enterprise. And so I think those are the two elements of margin and how they play into the long-term EPS growth.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: And I think that there it is just the improved productivity of the platform we have, and that is going to be both because of their growth, but in addition a concentrated effort by our organization, as it has been over the last few years of continuing to lower our corporate cost as a percentage of revenue.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Regina Nethery.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Hi. I just wanted to quickly say thank you to everyone on the call for the well wishes that they're greatly appreciated. It's been my privilege for the past many years to share the results with you of the hard work that's come from associates across the enterprise and our management team. I appreciate all the interactions that I've had with The Street, and I will miss you guys. But I know that you are in good hands with Amy and the team, and she'll do a terrific job. So with that, I want to turn it over to Bruce.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: Thank you, Regina. And first, I want to thank our associates who have enabled our company to stand stronger today than ever before. Our results would not be possible without our team's hard work and commitment by the 50,000 associates that are part of our organization. And obviously, we all want to thank personally Regina for her many contributions over the years in serving our company. I share Brian's sentiment that Regina has been a critical colleague in helping navigate the tremendous change both as a company, but as importantly at the industry level, and as Brian talked about, her wise counsel and judgment has been invaluable over the years. And so thank you, Regina, for all your contributions and we're looking forward to working with Amy. But again, thank you.
Regina C. Nethery - Humana, Inc.: Thank you.
Bruce D. Broussard - Humana, Inc.: With that, we thank everyone's support, and we look forward to talking to you during the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's presentation. We now ask that you disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery  Vice President Investor Relations Bruce Broussard  President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Kane  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Murray  Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Christopher Todoroff  Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Joshua Raskin  Barclays David Windley  Jefferies A.J. Rice  UBS Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Fischbeck  Bank of America Sarah James  Wedbush Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse Ana Gupte  Leerink Partners Christine Arnold  Cowen
Operator: Good morning. My name is [ph] Melissa, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Regina Nethery. You may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our first quarter results and our of dated earnings outlook for 2015. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Kane, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements' prepare my remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with the virtual slide presentation. An Adobe version of today's slide deck has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statements. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases, and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's investor relations website. Call participants should also note that today's discussion and slide presentation include financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures is included in today's slide presentation as well as a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, Humana and announced first quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per share of $2.47, up 5% from the first quarter of last year. Our pre-tax earnings of $744 million were a record high, and we believe are a clear demonstration on the progress we continue to make as a company. Further, we continue to have confidence in our full year guidance for adjusted earnings of $8.50 to $9 per share. Our more significant achievements during the quarter included substantial membership growth in our Medicare Advantage standalone PDT and HumanaOne one products, the recent launch of our population health technology business, Transcend Insights, announcement of the pending sale of our Concentra business, and completion of our $500 million accelerated share repurchase program. I'll begin with our Medicare Advantage growth. As we shared with you last quarter, we experienced another successful Medicare enrollment season for 2015. Individual Medicare Advantage membership at March 31, 2015 was up 11% versus the end of the fourth quarter 2014, up 14% year-over-year. We continue to see the positive impact for our members of stability in our value proposition as well as high star quality ratings. A recent Mackenzie study on the 2015 star ratings concludes that HMO plans perform best on an enrollment weighted basis. Approximately 56% of our individual members are in HMO plans compared to 53% a year ago. Further, the Mackenzie study indicates that plans built around integrated delivery networks achieve higher average star ratings. CMS recently eliminated certain fixed thresholds for four-star ratings for 2017 bonus year. These changes may result in some pressure on our overall star ratings, but we believe we will sustain our solid competitive advantage. We expect we will maintain our high quality ratings due to our successful integrated care delivery model. Our model includes use of data analytics to engage members and preventative measures and wellness programs that close clinical gaps and care. In some, we believe the combination of a solid value proposition and a high quality ratings are critical to attracting new membership and retaining our existing membership base. Our projected 2015 net new membership gains of approximately 12% including a voluntary retention rate of approximately 90% are all helping to validate this belief. CMS has also recently released its final Medicare rates for 2016. While we were encouraged by the average rate increase for the first time in seven years, this average still lags fee for service medical cost trends. Additionally, CMS's transition to the new risk adjustment model will negatively impact certain of our markets that are leading the country in value-based reimbursement methods and holistically assisting members with multiple complex chronic conditions, both of which are key goals for CMS. As we prepare our Medicare bids for 2016, we will seek to minimize any disruption that rate changes may cause to Medicare beneficiaries while holding firm on our 4.5% to 5% pre-tax margin target. The continuing investment in our clinical model are expected to provide some offsets to rate pressures. That will vary, of course, from market-to-market. Those investments were highlighted this month by Humana At Home's acquisition of Your Home Advantage, a leading provider of nurse practitioner in home visits. Additionally, we believe our focus on the consumer experience and our proprietary market point distribution channel will be important elements in solidifying our relationship with our members as we face these rate challenges at the market level. Turning to our standalone PDP offerings. We also experienced significant growth for these products with membership up 10% since the end of 2014 and 14% to the first quarter of last year, primarily in our low price point offerings. I now will spend some time on our investments in healthcare exchanges and state-based contracts. We're pleased that HumanaOne membership has continued to grow nicely. While we continue to project at least breakeven results for our HumanaOne business, our projected increased reliance on the 3Rs is driven primarily by the results for the State of Georgia and our out-of-network provider usage. We believe both are isolated and addressable. Brian will discuss each of these factors in his remarks. Entering a new customer segment is never an easy task. However, we believe that healthcare exchanges are a leading example of the ongoing movement to the retail model where we have been so effective in Medicare. We continue to be highly targeted in terms of where we will participate in healthcare exchanges, with a strong emphasis on current Medicare Advantage markets to enable customer migration as members' life situations change. Our expansions in the healthcare exchanges and our state-based contracts are deepening our partnership with local providers, local market providers as we develop local market scale through multiple product offerings. State-based Medicaid membership was now includes those members associated with dual demonstration programs is up significantly, both on a sequential basis and year over year. We continue to monitor the RFP pipeline and plan to pursue other state-based opportunities later in 2015. These opportunities would not be as viable if it weren't for our integrated care delivery model. Importantly, we continue to show progress in key integrated care delivery model metrics. Some examples include the number of individual Medicare Advantage members covered by value-based arrangements is now more than 54%. This is particularly encouraging given the substantial increase in membership this quarter. Membership in our Humana chronic care program is up 10% since the end of the year and 56% versus the prior year. Adoption of mail-order pharmacy among our members continues to grow as we highlight this benefit more fully during the sales process and welcome calls. Individual Medicare Advantage mail-order penetration is now on an average approaching 35%. We continue to focus on reaching out to members with gaps in care and have sent over 4 million proactive messages to 2.5 million members to prevent gaps in care. These actions have resulted in a gap closure rate of more than 30%. As the leader in both the development and execution of value-based payment models and technology driven population health management analytics, we support trends that encourage care coordination across all payers. In that context, this quarter, we launched Transcend Insights, which leverages the population health capabilities we have developed in our Medicare Advantage business. Our goal is to provide payer agnostic tools to provider partners allowing more of our members to be in value-based reimbursement models. As we've shared with you in the past, value-based arrangements have proven to lead to higher HEDIS scores, lower medical costs, and higher members' CHIP satisfactions. Before closing, I'd like to spend a moment on our recently announced sale of Concentra. As we have said in previous calls, we review our various businesses on an ongoing basis to ensure each earns its cost of capital and is aligned with our integrated care delivery strategy. The Concentra acquisition was part of a multi-pronged approach to increase our capabilities of managing risk through primary care physicians. Our subsequent MSO acquisitions and joint venture investments provided a more integrated primary care platform than Concentra. Although it did not ultimately fit strategically, we were able to achieve an attractive price that will result in a gain versus our initial investment. Brian will speak more to the details of this transaction in his remarks. We expect the transaction will close in the next few weeks. I want to thank all of our Concentra associates for their dedication to the consumer and to our company. Several of you have asked for an update on our PBM evaluation. That work continues, and we expect to provide a full debriefing on our analysis during the third quarter earnings call in November. In summary, we believe our robust organic membership and revenue growth together with our proven superior clinical operating performance and disciplined capital allocation all come together to provide our sustainable competitive advantage. Excluding the onetime gains that we expect from the Concentra sale, we continue to expect our full year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.50 to $9 and look forward to providing you updates as the year progresses. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian for a more detailed discussion of our financials.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. As Bruce mentioned, the first quarter of 2015 produced strong results and continues to demonstrate the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery model. The attractiveness of our product offerings is resonating with our customers as demonstrated by the continuing increases in our Medicare Advantage, standalone PDP and exchange membership. Consequently, we have raised full year membership expectations for both standalone PDP and HumanaOne. Standalone PDP is being driven by higher retention that we are seeing post the open enrollment period, which is largely the results of fewer auto enrollees being reassigned. I'll speak more to the HumanaOne business shortly. With regard to our Medicare Advantage growth, early indications for our new members are positive as we evaluate individual market growth and performance. Additionally, the growth in our PBM and Humana At Home businesses remains unabated with not only more volume driven by membership growth but also deeper penetration in terms of increased engagement as well as benefits from scale that are driving results. First quarter revenues for the healthcare services segment rose 26% versus the prior year and pre-tax earnings are up 24% year over year. The quarter had several developments that will be the focus of my remarks today. These include the following: the increase in our projected 3R receivables for the year, medical utilization and prior-period development, days and claims payable and cash flows from operations, the earnings implications of the Concentra transaction, and capital allocation. Let's begin with our exchange business in the premium stabilization programs commonly called the 3Rs. Our conviction in our healthcare exchange strategy remains strong. We continue to focus on our key growth markets by offering high-value networks to drive affordability and access for our customers. We believe that this strategy has been effective in successfully establishing a new growth business while providing a compelling product that our members value. Over time, we believe that HumanaOne will not only contribute meaningfully to our results but it will also, as Bruce emphasized, advance our objectives of local market presence and scale with providers while allowing us to offer a range of products that are relevant to our customers no matter their age or income circumstance. As with any start-up business, we've had our successes as well as our challenges. In terms of successes, our ACA compliant membership for HumanaOne is up 38% from the end of 2014, well ahead of our previous expectations. This was driven by better than forecast sales and lower than anticipated attrition. Consequently, we have adjusted our aggregate HumanaOne guidance to reflect higher projected membership in the ACA compliant business which we also believe results in us approaching the scale we need for long-term success. We continue to forecast that we will have at least breakeven results in 2015 and earn a reasonable return on capital in 2016, albeit that achievement of breaking results this year now includes higher reliance on the 3Rs than previously anticipated coming into 2015. As you've seen from our release, we've increased our net 2015 3R guidance range to $450 million to $550 million with reinsurance accounting for approximately 75% and risk adjustment and risk corridors accounting for approximately 25% of the total. As we have discussed in the past, there is an interplay between risk adjustment and risk corridors in that if we don't get the risk adjustment exactly right, the meaningful part of the balance, either positive or negative, is captured through the risk corridors. As we evaluate our financial performance to date, including runoff claims from 2014, the drivers of the increase in full year receivables related to the 3Rs are quantifiable and addressable. The first two Bruce mentioned in his remarks are higher than anticipated out-of-network utilization and poor results in our Georgia market. The last driver of the higher receivables is simply a function of having more members than we had previously expected. I'll start with out-of-network utilization. As the exchanges were rolling out across the nation, we believed there would be a time period during which our members will be getting accustomed to our efficient network products. Consequently, we permitted out of network utilization for the small proportion of our members who did not stay in network to avoid disruption notwithstanding the products design, which underpinned the affordability that our members seek. Our provider network team has thoroughly evaluated our networks in light of our membership levels by markets, and we are very satisfied in our level of network adequacy. As a consequence, we are in the process of implementing stricter enforcement of network utilization by working closely with non-network providers as well as educating our members on the product. Higher levels of in-network utilization are anticipated to ensure the continued affordability of our healthcare exchange offerings as well as align with our pricing assumptions for the remainder of the year and for 2016. After adjusting for the out-of-network usage, our markets across the country, including our largest HumanaOne market in Florida, are performing within expectations, with the notable exception of Georgia. One of the challenges we faced in both 2013 and 2014 was the immaturity of the claims data we had available at the time we set our healthcare exchange pricing for the following year versus what we would've preferred, specifically, more detail regarding statewide market conditions and health status based on significant exchange claims data. To help address this, we juxtaposed the limited Georgia claims data we had against claims data nationally for states that we believe had similar utilization patterns and mix of likely enrollees to derive assumptions from the population health of each state and, in turn, set our pricing. Recent actuarial claims data for the state of Georgia now indicate that enrollees in the state as a whole are skewing more towards being a less healthy state population than we had believed and had priced four. Consequently, we are accruing both a risk adjustment and risk corridor receivable. It's important to recall that this was the original intent behind the premium stabilization programs, namely early year protection in this circumstance. We are, of course, incorporating our emerging experience into our actuarial assumptions and are taking the appropriate targeted actions through pricing and product design when we file our 2016 rates in the next few weeks to ensure that George's results will be back on track for 2016 without reliance on the risk corridors. As I mentioned, the remaining driver of the higher 3R balance relates to higher than projected growth of our ACA compliant business. This will result in higher 2015 receivables than we had expected, primarily associated with reinsurance. Finally, a quick word on our 2014 3R accruals. As you will see, we have decreased reinsurance by approximately $50 million and have increased our risk corridors by around $40 million as an offset. As we have evaluated the run out of a 2014 claims, fewer of our members anticipated will hit the reinsurance attachment point, which is the reason we have made this change. Turning to medical utilization. We're watching very closely the hospital inpatient admissions per thousand data for our Medicare Advantage business. We have seen some of the hospital published data which suggests higher Medicare usage of inpatient services and have also witnessed in the last number of weeks an uptick in inpatient authorizations. For Medicare Advantage, we have projected a decline year-over-year in-hospital missions, and for the first quarter, we have seen that decline bear out. In other words, our trend vendors continue to result in lower admissions. However, during the last weeks of the quarter and into April, we are seeing an elevated level of authorizations for hospital admissions, which, although still declining, are slightly higher than we had anticipated. Importantly, we have also seen data throughout the quarter that would suggest our cost per admit is lower than forecast, implying lower severity conditions are driving the admissions. While it's too early to draw any conclusions from what I just described, especially as admissions tend to fluctuate, it is something that bears close watching as the actual claims experience develops over the coming months. As was highlighted in this morning's press release, we did see a lower level of favorable prior-period development than in last year's first quarter. A meaningful portion of the lower prior-period development was unanticipated due to the PPD for the first quarter of 2014 having been unusually high. And as a result of claims processing changes involving the implementation in early 2014 of a front end review for Medicare claims. Front end review enables us to improve the initial accuracy of claim payments, reducing the amount of overpayments recaptured later as part of prior-period development. PPD was also adversely impacted by fourth quarter flu claims that came through in the first of 2015 across our lines of business. I will now turn to the balance sheet and operating cash flow. I'll start with days and claims payable, or DCP. You will note that we have revised the DCP table to exclude reinsurance associated with the 3Rs. Given that reinsurance reduces benefits expense but does not impact the related benefits payable, it skews DCP trends over the three-year period of the program. Days and claims payable during the first quarter of 2015 declined by less than a day, driven primarily by the typical first quarter increase in Part D claims associated with our Medicare Advantage business. That impact is included in the all other category of the DCP roll forward table in our press release. Recall that our standalone PDP business is excluded from our days and claims payable calculation. Much like our standalone PDP offerings, our Medicare Advantage Part D benefit designs generally have the plan picking up substantially all the initial pharmacy claims but covering less of the benefit as the year progresses. While the pharmacy expense associated with these members is in our DCP calculation, the related but payable is relatively small due to the speed of processing pharmacy claims. Higher capitation and provider settlements also resulted in a slight decrease to DCP during the quarter, but importantly, this was more than offset by an increase in unprocessed and processed claims inventories. Cash flow from operations is down versus the first quarter 2014 as higher net income was more than offset by working capital items. Specifically, the increase in benefits payable, which accompanies growing very membership, was smaller year-over-year due to the lower level of overall growth in average membership given the outsized growth we experienced in 2014. This pressured the cash flow from operations on a comparative basis by approximately $250 million in the quarter. Working capital needs for our growing pharmacy business primarily accounted for the remainder of the delta in the first quarter cash flow. For the year, our operating cash flow guidance is largely unchanged. Other than reducing operating cash flow by guidance, our cash flow guidance by proximally $200 million at the midpoint, primarily reflecting the increase in the 3R receivable that I just discussed previously as well as the pending sale of Concentra. Before closing, I'll spend just a few moments on capital allocation and earnings guidance. As Bruce said in his remarks, we announced this quarter the sale of our Concentra business. The timing of the signing of the definitive agreement triggered the need to recognize the gain on the establishment of a deferred tax asset, and thus the $0.35 per share gain was included in our first quarter GAAP results. We expect this transaction to close in the next few weeks, so we have included the full impact of the transaction in our earnings guidance, both from a GAAP and an adjusted perspective. For GAAP, we are including a total projected gain from the sale in the range of $1.35 to $1.45 per share including the $0.35 tax gain. On an adjusted basis, excluding this onetime gain, we continue to forecast earnings per share in the range of $8.50 to $9 per share. The sale of Concentra is expected to generate net of taxes and deal expenses approximately $1 billion in net proceeds. Before any anticipated use of these proceeds, the sale will result in $0.11 of 2015 EPS dilution. We continue to look for value enhancing acquisitions such as the Your Home Advantage deal we recently announced that will advance our in-home capabilities as well as pursue additional share repurchase opportunistically. However, given where we are in the year, it is likely that a good portion of this dilution will persist. With respect to share repurchase, this quarter, we completed our $500 million accelerated share repurchase program. Additionally, holding true on our commitment to buy back $1 billion of stock by June of this year, we have entered into a 10b51 plan that we expect will complete that goal. You will note however that we have raised our guidance slightly for the average fully diluted share count, due largely to the higher than anticipated buyback price which will have a several cent negative EPS impact. Finally, our workaround optimizing our portfolio continues to ensure that each of our businesses fits strategically and earns its cost of capital. More generally, we are encouraged by our progress and our prospects, all driven by execution around our integrated care delivery strategy. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. And fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Your first question comes from Joshua Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I want to talk a little bit about the utilization transit you guys are monitoring. I just want to understand what exactly is driving that? I think you mentioned in public data from some of the hospitals, but I have to assume you're going off of more internal data. So is there any specific lines of service or are there specific type of lives, any geographies or any new members? Do you have any color on where this utilization is coming from?
Brian Kane: Good morning, Josh. It's certainly from our own data that we're seeing a slight uptick in admissions over the last few weeks and into April. There's no specific geography that we would point to. It's something that we continue to evaluate. I would note that interestingly, not only are the unit cost of these admits lower, which as I said in my remarks suggesting lower severity of claims, but also our outpatient utilization seems to be down and our pharmacy utilization is in line. And so it's very early really to ascertain exactly what this is telling us. It's just something that we thought it would be important to communicate because it's something that we're watching very closely, and it's something that we always watch very closely.
James Murray: Josh, just to build on what Brian talked about and the reason that he specifically addressed it in his opening remarks is as we saw this, we began to dive into a lot of the information relative to new members and what we call concurrent members. And actually the new members that we just, that just join the plans, which were fairly significant, we're seeing actually better utilization than the concurrent members. So that gives us comfort that there wasn't an issue with any of the markets that we grew in. A lot of the deep dives that we're doing, and there's a lot of work that we're trying to pull together, would suggest that there are some respiratory issues that we're facing. So that leads us somewhat to a conclusion that it's maybe a longer extension of the flu, but a lot of work needs to be done to get our arms around it, but we feel very confident about how it's progressing, and we feel good about a lot of the things that we do from a process perspective. This looks like an isolated incident.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. That's helpful, Jim. And I guess just maybe help us understand the magnitude here. If you take a look at this uptick in outpatient utilization within lower outpatient RX in line and maybe it's just flu. I mean if this were to persist through April, May, June, is this enough to change guidance? Or is this just something that the pressure point and the reason we're still comfortable in a relatively wide range of EPS [ph]?
Brian Kane: Josh, I would say if this persists as we see it, it's not something that would impact guidance, but it's something that we watch very closely, obviously, to the extent there was a continued uptick and a greater uptick. That's something that would have an impact, but we're not seeing that right now.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Thanks.
Brian Kane: No problem.
Operator: Your next question is from David Windley from Jefferies.
David Windley: Hi. Thanks. I'm going to shift over to the HumanaOne. I wanted to understand if your change in or lack of change in age distribution in that book of business in the slide that you presented to us last quarter, yet fairly significant change in medals for your distribution, if essentially that adverse selection had anything to do with your additional reliance on 3Rs?
Bruce Broussard: It's something we continue to evaluate. We certainly evaluate all of our medal tiers and try to understand where the utilization is coming from, particularly in Georgia where we've seen that. I think it's fair to say that we're going to continue to evaluate as we go into 2016 our participation in the various middle tiers. And certainly our pricing will reflect the increased morbidity we are seeing in that block. I would also say that the out-of-network utilization is something that we think we can address in short order, and so that will not be a recurring issue going forward.
David Windley: And on the out-of-network, just to follow up on that, is that something where you are essentially only lightly enforcing the existing policy or rule and now you're going to more stringently enforce? Or do you actually have to change the policy, and is that possible entry year?
Bruce Broussard: I would say the former. It's something that we lightly enforce as we're coming into this program with new product, with new customers; it was something that they were going to get accustomed to the product design. Over the next few months, it's something that we will enforce the policy that exists, and that really, as I said my remarks, goes both to working with providers to the out-of-network providers and some of the reimbursement levels that we pay them as well as educating our customers as to the product that they bought. We believe strongly that the strategy that we've pursued is one that allows our customers to have a very affordable and compelling product, and as we educate them, we think we will be able to get that out-of-network utilization under control.
David Windley: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Hello, everybody. I'm going to go back to the comments that Bruce had made about there being some pressure for threshold eliminations on the STARS program. Can you give us a little more color on how significant that would be and are we talking about something that would impact your potentially in 2017? Is that the right way to think about it? Or is there any reason it would impact earlier?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. It would be 2017, and as many of you know, we're in the process today and for the next several weeks of finalizing a lot of the work related to the benefit year 2017. The threshold elimination puts a little bit of pressure and what that would translate into is the number of members that are in four-star or greater plans. A lot of the feedback that we are getting; we have a team of people that comes before us every Friday to talk about the progress that we are making around a lot of the tactical steps that are part of this whole process that goes over this two-month period. We feel very good about where we are positioned. Some pressure related to the elimination by CMS of the threshold, but frankly, feel pretty good about how things are playing out this year, and we should be favorable positioned relative to the competition, because we like a lot of the good work we do around the STARS program.
Bruce Broussard: And, A.J, I think it's important to keep in mind that it is a relative measurement, and so our performance is highly predicated on everyone else's performance. And I think as investors have seen over the past few years, our clinical capabilities have really outperformed the industry as a whole, and we continue to be confident that we will be able to continue to outperform even as these changes persist.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Schenker with Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Schenker: Thanks. Good morning. I was just hoping to follow up on your comments around some may be some of the moving parts in guidance. It sounds like the concentric deal as you guys pointed out in the press release originally is about 11% headwind to earnings this year. You also called out around the pressure around the impact from share repurchases related to the stock appreciation here, and now looking at guidance, it seems like the tax rate may have come down a little bit, but I'm just curious what some of the other moving parts were that let you feel confident to maintain your guidance range maybe versus where it was last quarter? Thanks.
Brian Kane: I think you outlined some of the major issues that we are focused. Concentra will pressure earnings by $0.11. With the share repurchases tax rates and the like it's probably about $0.04, so it's a $0.15 headwind coming into this quarterly call. Again, we feel comfortable about reiterating our guidance of $8.50 to $9.00. And really was going to drive that performance, as we said to the first question is where is utilization ultimately end up? And right now, we feel good about where we are, but that's something we're very focused on that will ultimately drive the year's numbers. I think the important point on the Concentra sale is it is a timing issue for us versus a long-term business problem. As we think about the sale, we think about it as that we are really allowing the company to redeploy assets that will advance us strategically at a price that we feel was a very good value for what we are doing, and now what we can do is take that and redeploy it, whether it's in capital structure alterations such as stock buybacks or acquisitions that will be more accretive long-term and strategically much stronger.
Andrew Schenker: Thanks. Maybe if I could just squeeze one more in real quick. The Healthcare Services segment specifically, I hear a lot of moving parts related to Concentra as well as your Home Health [ph] acquisition. If you could just maybe talk about how those kind of offset each other as well as maybe membership growth that allowed you to kind of maintain revenue guidance. And it seems like the only impact pre-tax results was related to the pre-tax gains. So just making sure I understand moving parts there as well. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Well as you'll see in the Healthcare Services segment guidance, we did adjust the revenue numbers and the like to comport with a divestiture of Concentra. I would say more broadly that as I said in my remarks, that business is performing extremely well. Membership is growing pretty dramatically based on largely our Medicare Advantage and PDP growth, but we're also seeing better engagement with our members both from a mail-order perspective on the pharmacy, which is very important, but also with Humana At Home as our analytical capabilities continue to identify people who would benefit from our Humana At Home capabilities. And so the combination of those is really driving that performance. So we feel very good about the range we have out there for Healthcare Services pre-tax.
Andrew Schenker: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. If I could just ask a question about the individual market, just with two parts. Number one, the extent to which you are seeing in flow of new members coming into the exchanges generally for this year. A peer company of yours earlier today talked about seeing less in flow than they had expected. Secondly, just on Georgia, how you reprice in that market and avoid getting stuck in sort of an adverse collections spiral?
Brian Kane: I think as far as new members, I think really is consistent with what we expected in terms of coming into the market and actually feel reasonably good about the overall pool for what we received. With Georgia, there is no doubt, Matt, that there is something we are very focused on as you put in higher price increases or you're going to attract the wrong members. Part of that is going to go to product design in the middle tiers that we participate in. So we're very cognizant of that risk, and we're going to price appropriately.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa: Getting back to the individual business again, why do you think you had the problems in Georgia? One of your competitors reported earnings earlier that has a number of low-priced silver plans in Georgia. It didn't seem to share the problem that you guys are having there. Do you think it's a local market related to you? Is it some cost disadvantage that you have in Georgia? And how do we avoid this from happening in another state down the road when the risk corridors and risk reinsurance goes away?
James Murray: Peter, this is Jim. I will take your question, and we wondered how long before you would dial-in. With respect to Georgia, as Brian said earlier, one of the things that we did at the very beginning was to take our individual legacy business and do relativities to our small group block of business, because that was a guarantee issue population. We thought that was fairly close to what might ultimately happen on the exchanges. And after that, and that was done local market by local market, we evaluated morbidities across a national basis with the help of an outside consulting actuarial firm. And as a result of that overall evaluation from a national perspective, we lowered some of our markets and expected morbidities. And with respects to Georgia, while other markets turned out just fine relative to that pricing philosophy, Georgia didn't. Another part of the Georgia issue has to do with the platinum plans, which you have asked about in the past. One of the things that we're seeing with the platinum plans is that the philosophy or the strategy that we've enumerated in the past with you and others is that you need to have documentable risk conditions for the members that are heavier utilizers, and as we study the Georgia population, as we're doing some of our risk adjustment work, we're seeing that the Georgia population, although heavier utilizers, don't have documentable risk conditions, which doesn't allow us then to get risk adjustment for them. And as a result of that, as Brian said, not only in Georgia but also in other states, we're evaluating that requirement as it respects our platinum plan strategies going forward, and you'll see us take some actions relative to that.
Peter Costa: That's helpful. And what is your strategy for avoiding this going forward in other states?
James Murray: Well now we have a lot more actual claims information on which to set pricing, and so as we've done with all of our other products over the years, we're using actual claims to set our pricing, and so our pricing will be consistent with our desire that this block of business will produce a satisfactory return. A lot of what we've done up to this point has been models and estimates based upon other lines of business. Now that we've gotten some real claims information relative to not only 2014 but 2015, that's how we will set our pricing going forward, and we feel very confident on our ability to properly set the right rates.
Peter Costa: Will you offer platinum plans next year?
James Murray: We're going to evaluate that market-by-market and to the extent that it doesn't make sense because of what I talked about relative to documentable risk conditions. We'll evaluate that, and we'll act accordingly.
Peter Costa: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to ask a little bit about the commentary in the Medicaid side of the business. The company seems to be more aggressively pursuing RFPs, I guess, that you have in the past. Can you talk a little bit about your view kind of what's changed in the last couple of years? And you pursued RFPs in a couple of different ways outright or through joint ventures and things like that. So how do you think about the form that these types of participation might take?
James Murray: I don't think our posture has changed relative to what we look at going forward. I think we continue to believe a partnership model in Medicaid makes sense in most states, if not all states, and we'll continue to do that. We do look at states where we have existing membership, and as their RFPs come out, we want to participate in those RFPs, and that really has been the standard direction and strategy for us. And our existing Medicaid results continue to meet expectations and continues to grow quite nicely, and so as we look at going forward, we continue to believe that the Medicaid platform is a platform that has partnership, a partnership model in states that we are operating at within today.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah James with Wedbush.
Sarah James: Thank you. I'd like to go back to the out of network utilization portion of the 3R boost. It sounded like this was mainly something that pertained to new members transitioning onto an exchange product, and there has been some stricter network enforcement going on lately, and I guess going forward. Should I think about this as really stepping into the 3Rs for just the first quarter and it adjusts going forward? Or is this something that's going to continue on through the year? And how can you modify your benefit designs in 2016 in a way that would improve this scenario?
James Murray: Well I would say it's going to impact the 3Rs for this year just given where we are with our performance and the like. When people go out-of-network, those are higher costs than we had anticipated and that drives the receivables. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are working with these out-of-network providers both in terms of the reimbursable fees that we pay them in the fee schedules, contracting with them and the like, and it's also a matter of educating our members as to their product, the product that they have. I would say we believe very deeply in the strategy of having these high-value networks that allows us to drive very affordable and attractive pricing to our members. And so those are really the puts and takes. It's a combination of provider and member education. So...
Sarah James: It's more education and less of financial incentives?
James Murray: Well I would say with the providers, there will be financial impacts and financial incentives to ensure that we pay the appropriate levels of reimbursement for what we call our non-par or nonparticipating providers. I should note it's a small number of members that are utilizing the benefit out of network. To some extent, there might be some product design in terms of higher out-of-pocket costs for members who tend to go out of network, and that's something that we would be evaluating for next year. But I think the combination of provider education, provider contracting, as well as member education and some tweaks in the product design, it's a problem that we think we can get our head around and saw for next year and frankly, the back half of this year as well.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel: Thanks. Just wanted to stick on the individual business, and I know you're talking about Georgia specifically, but just interested and how much you think you're going to need to be raising premiums on the exchange business more broadly. If we look at your 3Rs accruals now for this year, they're right around a half billion for 2015, and I would calculate that on your sort of ACA compliant individual business, that equates to around 13% of revenue, so given that bowl of three insurance and risk corridors really sort of scale away over the next year or two, just help us think about how much sort of excess premium increases you're going to need to be implementing in order to reflect the expiration of those 2Rs of the 3Rs.
Brian Kane: That's not a specific number for obviously competitive reasons. We wouldn't want to comment on it right now. I would say that certainly we have the 3Rs squarely in mind as we price for next year, we recognize there's one more year to go here with two of the 3Rs. And so we're going to price such that as I said in my remarks we can earn an attractive return on capital in 2016 and beyond. So we understand the dynamics of the market and the 3Rs and the pricing required to do that, and we'll take the necessary steps to make sure we get the right financial return.
James Murray: To Brian's earlier point, many of the markets are performing well, we've got some problems in the state of Georgia that we plan to address with our pricing and product design.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then just quickly, just on the Medicare, hospital admissions, how geographically broad-based are you seeing that? I mean, I'm just trying to tie that into the comments from CMS on their final 2016 rates call where they said that their actuaries have also seen some flattening out of the admissions trends and I would assume if CMS was highlighting that then was probably more of a broader base. So just interested geographically on how much you're seeing that.
Brian Kane: Yeah, I think is Jim said earlier, we wouldn't call any specific geographies. Where we were very focused was to see where we grew in particular markets and whether that more outsized growth was the cause of the slightly higher admits, and we haven't seen that, they're actually running pretty favorably. So I would suggest it's a broad-based phenomenon that we're watching very closely.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Switching a little bit, you guys have reclassified segments, and I guess within the group book you've seen enrollment declines, I guess the question is how committed are you to this business I guess going forward? Is there any strategic review being contemplated for this segment? And I guess separately, just on the PBM, just want to clarify, you talked about sort of a full debrief on the 3Q call in November. Just hoping to get a little more clarity on that. Is that just a final decision you expect at that point on whether you keep it or come up with some sort of outsourcing arrangement or the like? Thanks.
Brian Kane: To your question on enrollment declines, we made the strategic decision a year or so ago, and I think we talked about that that with the large group business, we're going to wind that down over the next several years, because we are not a national player, and we can't compete in that space. But we are focused on what we call our sweet spot of smaller case sizes. And over the last six months, we performed reasonably well with our sweet spot focus. You may recall that in the fourth quarter, we grew very nicely with our smaller, focused business. This past quarter, we have seen some shrinkage in our fully insured smaller case of membership, as a lot of our competitors are implementing their new rates relative to community rating, and we are seeing a little bit of an aggressive posture in some of the states that we do business. That will ultimately change over time, and we think that that will work itself out. We feel very confident with our focus on the smaller case size. Over the next several years, we're going to be evaluating our Group business and again feel very good about its prospects for continued profitability, and it serves very nicely as a complement to our focus on local market scale. We talk about that with our Medicare business, our individual business car Medicaid business and our Group business, in certain of what we refer to as bold move markets. So again, we feel very confident with our ability to compete and win with a smaller case size. Hopefully you will see that play out over the next several quarters. I think even as the results show this quarter, we really have a three-pronged approach within Group. One is around continuing to increase our efficiency within the Group sector, and you can see that as you see our cost ratios coming down. The second is to focus on where we probably have a better value proposition, and that's in the Small Group is what Jim talked about, our sweet spot, and begin to start exiting relationships that are not profitable for us and that traditionally is the larger ASO model. And then the third is to continue to migrate customers to more of a consumer choice model within the markets that we are at, and that would be both a private exchange and public exchanges as we see that being both a long-term trend, and frankly, I think where we can even add more value with our retail capabilities that we've had in the past.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, that's helpful. And just on the PBM?
Brian Kane: As we said, the PBM, we're going to evaluate, and it's under continued evaluation. We've provided some updates in the past, but the full update will be in the third quarter of this year.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from on Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte: Thanks, good morning. So I just want to make sure I understand this. I am a little confused with everything. I'm getting a lot of questions from investors who are pretty confused as well. On retail MLR, what exactly; is this the underlying and Medicare MLR, okay, ex-PYD, and this sort of late quarter potential uptick you are seeing, and is the deterioration, which is not great, but it is deteriorating; because your HumanaOne individual public exchange product is now going to be much more reliant on reinsurance and you're having all these issues?
James Murray: Yes. Again, Ana, if you look at our retail MER's for the quarter, and you adjust them for prior periods, they're actually down from prior quarters. So I think that's important to note. As we said, in the prior period we did have a pretty materially impact on our numbers. A lot of it was expected; some of it wasn't car related to the flu and the like. But, when you look at the MER's, we feel pretty good about where we are on an incurred basis from an MER perspective. As I said, they are actually down. So I hope that answers your question.
Ana Gupte: Okay so MA has been displaced. On Individual, did you see any improvement on your off-exchange ACA compliant type MLR at all? Your competitors seem to be seeing what they said they would see. And so net-net on Individual, you had said you would see margin expansion ex-exchange, public exchanges. What's going on in the rest of the book?
James Murray: Okay, again we don't break our ACA compliant off-exchange and on-exchange. I think when you adjust for the 3Rs, our MER is in line with our expectations, which is why, as I said in my remarks, that we are going to break even or better for 2015. That still is the case. I'm sorry?
Ana Gupte: No, sorry. Please go ahead.
James Murray: I was going to say that the 3Rs truly help us in that regard, and it's higher than we anticipated for the reasons that we went through.
Ana Gupte: Okay, one final one if I may. So then on HumanaOne, why you be in a place where you had some adverse selection last year, and as you're raising prices, are you seeing more of the deterioration in that book, because anyone who can afford or is relatively healthy might migrate someplace else and so you might have challenges just turning around the book?
Brian Kane: As respect to the state of Georgia, which we've talked about a couple of times, I wouldn't have said that it was adverse selection as opposed to the health condition of the entire population. We just have to price reflective of the health condition, and that may cause some of those members to move on to other plans, but we've got to get our pricing commensurate with the risk conditions that we're assuming, and we think that we've got a pretty good plan in place not only to increase pricing but also evaluate some of the products that are in the marketplace.
Ana Gupte: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: And your final question is from Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold: Hey there. Thanks for taking the question. I'm trying to sort through what belongs in this year versus last year. Was there any net prior-period negative development in the first quarter of this year related to last year in any products?
Brian Kane: I'm not sure I understand the question. There was  the prior-period development was positive this quarter based on 2014 in prior results. It was less positive than it was last first quarter in 2014. That was largely expected for the reasons I discussed, i.e., it was a very high PPD quarter in the first quarter of 2014, and we implemented some claims processing changes with front end review in Medicare that drove some of the change. Some of that was unexpected. So there is positive PPD in our numbers just less than there was last year.
Christine Arnold: Okay. And then payables versus premiums, I agree we should exclude PDP but if we exclude PDP premiums, your payables versus premiums are still upside down in the first quarter. Now this could be because you've got more capitated costs. It could be because of other factors. Can you help me understand why if you're seeing an increase in utilization, I would think you'd be booking more payables so than premiums. It put these issues with the individual, but it looks like that's not happening. So can you help me sort through what other factors might be accounting for that?
Brian Kane: That comparison, change of premium versus change in claims payables, as we've discussed in the past is not something that we focus on. There are a lot of moving pieces that go into that number. As we have said, with regard to utilization, I wouldn't have made the statement as boldly as you just made it with regard to overall utilization. What we pointed out, because it's important that we pointed out to be fully transparent is that we have seen that slight increase in admits over the recent weeks, and it's something that we're waiting to see how it plays through our claims lags over the coming months. As you know, it takes a few months for those to work through, but I wouldn't have made the overall statement that utilization is up. Remember that our admits are actually down year over year. Our trend benders are working as we've said and so I wouldn't read into it anything more than that. As you look for balance sheet quality and cash flow quality, the claims, the processed claims and unprocessed claims on a DCP basis are actually up, which I know is a measure that you and others look at. And when you look at our cash flow for the year, which is where we focus because of the timing of these working capital issues that I went through, other than the 3Rs and of course Concentra, we're actually reasonably in line. As you know, we took up our cash flow last quarter, and I think were it not for some of these other adjustments that I just discussed, we would be in pretty good stead there.
Christine Arnold: Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: We appreciate the support the shareholders are providing us. We recognize that this quarter is a complicated quarter as a result of our Concentra sale, as a result of some of the changes in the comparison. But we do believe it is a quarter that continues to reconfirm the organization strategy around our growth in retail and in addition the integrated delivery model. So in conclusion, as always, we thank our 60,000 associates that help us bring these results to life every day, and we appreciate the shareholder support. So thank you, and we look forward to continuing our conversations later. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations Bruce Broussard - President and CEO Brian Kane - Senior Vice President and CFO Jim Murray - Executive Vice President and COO Christopher Todoroff - Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Justin Lake - JP Morgan Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Josh Raskin - Barclays A.J. Rice - UBS Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Tom Carroll - Stifel Christine Arnold - Cowen Ana Gupte - Leerink Partner Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group Dave Windley - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand todays call over to Regina Nethery. Please go ahead.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results and our updated earnings outlook for 2015. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. An Adobe version of today's slide deck has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Call participants should also note that today's discussion and slide presentation include financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures is included in today's slide presentation, including a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, Humana reported full year adjusted earnings per share for 2014 of $7.51, in line with our 2014 guidance. This past year was particularly dynamic across the sector and presented a number of challenges, as well as some new opportunities. Humana continues to rise to these challenges through our consumer focused strategy and integrated care delivery model, while simultaneously investing in new growth areas. As a result, we are reiterating our guidance for 2015 earnings of $8.50 to $9 per share, a growth rate of approximately 17% at the midpoint. As we outlined in our Investor Day this past December, Humanas investment thesis is driven by our customer focused, integrated care delivery model and the related results. This thesis includes four key elements, continued robust organic membership and revenue growth, proven superior clinical operating performance, disciplined capital allocation, which all lead to a sustainable competitive advantage. I will begin our discussion this morning with a focus on our membership and revenue growth. We recently raised our net Medicare Advantage membership growth expectations for 2015 to 300,000 to 350,000, primarily as a result of a strong sales during our -- result of strong sales during the recently completed annual election period or AEP. And looking at the January enrollment data from CMS, Humana continues to lead the industry in membership growth for individual Medicare Advantage plans. The CMS data indicates that Humana accounted for nearly 70% of the individual MA net enrolment growth across the sector. In fact, approximately 52% of our individual gross sales during the AEP came from competitor Medicare Advantage offerings. From a geographic perspective, we do not see strong specific concentration with this growth, but did experience our highest membership gains in North Carolina. We are pleased with this individual MA growth as it complements the Group MA membership increased we experienced in that state in 2014, making this a very important Humana market. With a large base of Medicare members, we are now able to bring other Humana offerings like HumanaOne to the state. As you'll see from slide eight, approximately 73% of our individual MA net growth was in HMO offerings, including current Humana members, who chose to move to an -- into an HMO in 2015. This compares to 64% in 2014. Our HMO offerings continue to provide the highest level of engagement from both a member and provider perspective, and also have the highest retention rate of our Medicare products. Over the past few years, we have discussed our integrated care delivery model and its three core elements, improve the consumer experience by simplifying the interaction resulting in a trusting relationship, based on a trusting relationship engage members in clinical programs and offering assistance to providers in transitioning from fee-for-service to value-based reimbursement. This strategy has provided superior clinical operating performance resulting in a sustainable competitive advantage. Over the past few years membership growth in Star scores provide evidence of the success of this strategy. We believe there are five key points of influence that drive our superior clinical operating performance. Although, I will not go through all the detail on this slide today, I did want to highlight, how we are already been working with our -- our new 2015 members, allowing us to begin to get to know them and allow for timely enrollment in the proper clinical programs. I'll begin with wellness and prevention, staying in tune with the help of our members is a major focus of our wellness and prevention efforts. This all begins with our new member welcome call. These calls begin shortly after the onset of the AEP this past October. These outreach efforts have already resulted in the completion of over 160,000 health risk assessments. Data from the welcome calls, health risk assessments and our sophisticated predictive modeling have already come together to identify more than 46,000 of our members for referrals to our Humana At Home. Our wellness efforts have a strong focus on gaps in care. In 2014, we closed approximately 4.3 million gaps in care for our members, driven by improvements in preventative screenings. Better still, we are very pleased that approximately 1.3 million of our members across all lines of business received preventative treatment on schedule. Turning to the primary care point of influence, we are pleased to report that approximately 55% of our net membership growth during the AEP is for members associated with providers and value-based arrangements. Remember that we offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care. This includes performance bonuses, shared savings, and shared risk relationships. We see HHS announcement last week on its move to paying providers based on value as further validation that our integrated care delivery strategy is on track. We look forward to working with HHS in developing new payment models and continuing to assist providers in the transition to value-based payment. Healthcare At Home will also be an important element of the care for many of our new members. As weve shared with you in the past, our Humana At Home programs do a terrific job of providing members with clinical support and care that often results in a significantly higher number of days they spend at their homes instead of in an acute care facility. Importantly, as we evaluate each of the points of influence I have just described, as well as our pharmacy interactions with our members, we utilized advanced analytics, including sophisticated predictive models, to provide insights that are both actionable and drive value for our members. All these metrics are indicative of the solid value proposition we continue to offer Medicare beneficiaries in the face of rate reductions. Successfully engaging our members in clinical programs is proving we can assist our members with their health needs. This is allowing us to offer stability in their premiums and benefits and reduce the complexity of navigating the healthcare system and helps produce the robust organic growth we are sharing with you today. Looking at our other offerings, Humana stand-alone PDP membership continues to experience strong growth with the bulk of the growth in a low priced Walmart offering. This, together with growth in our Medicare Advantage membership, drives higher use of the services in our Healthcare Services segment benefiting the enterprise overall. Turning to our HumanaOne membership. As we evaluate recent healthcare exchange enrollment data, we believe that comports well with the pricing assumptions we made for 2015. As weve indicated on prior calls, our 2015 pricing appropriately assume the ultimate elimination of two of the three Rs. We continue to be pleased with the mix of our membership both the across the medal tiers and by age distribution. We also believe that the 55 to 64 age ranges are opportunity to develop relationship with these members before they age into Medicare Advantage. I also would want to highlight for you today something innovative we are doing in the Employer Group business. In the latter part of 2013, we introduced to our employer customers a product we call Total Health, which turns any standard medical plan of the employers choosing into an integrated health and wellbeing solution that encourages participation in Humana vitality, health coaching and clinical programs. Employee participation results in employer discounts, which is resulting in the shift of our single-year contract to a multi-year relationship that is creating employer solutions to not only cost but also productivity. Employer receptivity to the Total Health product is high with membership now at approximately 100,000 versus less than 400,000 at the end of 2013. We anticipate in the future these wellness programs and services will be complementary to employers choosing private and public exchange models. In conclusion, we continue to be pleased with our prospects for 2015 and beyond. The engagement of our associates and focus on the consumer through our integrated care delivery model has never been stronger. We believe that will result in the continuation of our superior clinical operating performance and a sustainable competitive advantage for quite some time to come. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian for a more detail discussion of our financials and our commitment to disciplined capital allocation.
Brian Kane: Thank you, Bruce. And good morning, everyone. As Bruce said in his remarks, 2014 was an unusually dynamic year full of opportunities and challenges. The growth in our Medicare business was substantial and was supplemented by the power of our Healthcare Services segment, which has prospered, while making a truly positive difference in our members' lives. Our Employer Group business capitalized on the late 2013 rollout of an exciting new offering in the form of Total Health while also ending the year on a high note in terms of financial performance. All this transpired while we invested heavily in new growth opportunities both HumanaOne and our state-based businesses, which we believe will generate significant returns for our shareholders down the road. We are pleased that our full year adjusted EPS came in just above the midpoint of our guidance at $7.51 per share. As we closed out the year, there were a few items that adversely affected our 2014 results, but we do not see any of these significantly impacting our 2015 guidance. Our Retail segment pretax earnings finished the year below our guidance range. This was primarily attributable to the severity of the flu season, slightly higher investment spending for our duals and state-based contracts and deterioration in the results for our Puerto Rico Medicare business, which continues to be a difficult market for us. With regard to the flu, hospital inpatient admissions peaked in late December, early January but have since abated and have returned to more normalized levels. I should hasten to add that utilization more broadly remains benign and within expectations. With regard to the duals, we continue to build out our infrastructure and are well positioned heading into 2015 to significantly reduce our investments which we have committed to do. Turning to the Employer Group segment, our 2014 earnings results ended meaningfully above the upper end of our guidance range. While the flu did have some adverse impact on the Employer Group results, these were more than offset by lower medical claims utilization that we saw in both our commercial and group Medicare businesses. It is also important to note the effort that our Employer Group team has made to reduce administrative cost which was also a significant driver of the segments full year results. Finally, our effective tax rate came in above the range of our previous guidance. There were several factors driving this, including the associated tax ramifications of higher losses in our Puerto Rico Medicare operations which are non-deductible for U.S. income tax purposes as well as lower tax exempt investment income. Weve evaluated each of these factors closely and have confidence that the 2015 guidance points we shared with you this morning encompass any continuing impact of each of these items. Turning now to 2015, the majority of the guidance points we shared with your last quarter are unchanged. This slide summarizes the more significant changes since our last earnings call. As we disclosed in a Form 8-K filing last month, we revised our Medicare Advantage and stand-alone PDP enrollment guidance to reflect the results of the 2015 AEP. Our higher projection for Medicare Advantage enrollment resulted in an increase to our revenue guidance that more than offset the revenue impact of the lower expectations for stand-alone PDP membership. As we have discussed in the past, the higher membership in our MA plans from the annual enrollment process will have a nominal impact on our retail insurance segment performance this year. While there will be a favorable impact on the healthcare services segments home-based business from the higher Medicare Advantage membership, this will be offset by the impact of the revised stand-alone PDP membership will have on Humana Pharmacy, as PDP members in our low-price point offering tend to use our wholly owned mail order and specialty pharmacies at rates slightly higher than our MA members. One other element of our 2015 guidance points that we updated today is our projected accruals for the premium stabilization programs, commonly called the 3Rs. As Bruce shared in his remarks, we now have more color around the mix of our membership distribution among the medal tiers and by age range. Having evaluated that data, we are comfortable lowering our projection for full-year accrual for the 3Rs by approximately $50 million at the midpoint. We now expect the net receivables for 2015 to be less than half of the level they were compared to the balances we accrued at the end of 2014. As weve noted in prior calls, our pricing strategy for 2015 included significantly lowering reliance on the 3Rs and were still on track for 2015 to achieve at a minimum breakeven results. With the regard to the risk corridors, we believe that the 2014 $51 million net receivable that we disclosed this morning is indeed collectible, based on statutory and administrative actions. Further, any 2014 amounts must first be satisfied before subsequent years are paid. Finally, for 2015, the risk corridor receivable that we are currently forecasting is insignificant. Turning to our operating cash flows. We have been around 1.5 times net income for some time now. And we anticipate maintaining that quality of earnings metric again in 2015. This morning, we raised our guidance for operating cash flows by approximately $200 million driven primarily by the timing of certain working capital items. While our days claims payable declined sequentially by 2.8 days to 44.7, this was primarily due to the increase in capitation payments as we continue to grow the number of providers under risk-based contracts as well as the growth in our long-term support services business, whose providers get paid monthly. Additionally, our normal December decline in claims inventories driven by the holiday season and higher staffing associated with preparing for new members coming on January 1st was magnified by the relatively late HumanaOne enrollment and the associated pended claims which we paid down in the fourth quarter. Ill now turn to our view of the quarterly breakdown of earnings for 2015. Though we do not provide specific quarterly guidance, we did want to give you a sense for the key drivers of performance among the quarters as weve done in prior years. Given our expectations that our healthcare exchange business will at least break even and our investments in state-based contracts will begin to mitigate, weve layered in the impact of those newer businesses across the quarters. The result is that we again project the third and fourth quarters to experience the most pressure in light of the quarterly progression of health benefit ratios and the timing of marketing and open enrollment across our lines of business. Ill conclude my discussion this morning with a few words around capital allocation. As Bruce said in his remarks, discipline, capital allocation is a key component of Humanas investment thesis. At the time of our third quarter release, we announced the significant increase in our share repurchase authorization and a commitment to accelerate our buyback activity. Weve held through to that commitment and maintained our expectation to buyback $1 billion in stock by June of this year with approximately $630 million of that already completed. We would also expect to continue share repurchases in the back half of the year. Aside from share repurchase activity, we are continuing to evaluate all of our businesses to ensure that they fit strategically within our portfolio and our earning their cost of capital or have a convincing plan to do so. To the extent, a business does not need these criteria. That business will be restructured or divested. We expect to continue to update you on the progress of this review over the coming months. With that, well open the lines up for your question. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JP Morgan.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Question around the retail results, you laid out a few headwinds to the quarter. Can you put some numbers around them and also give us some color on your positioning in Puerto Rico Medicare and how much money you are losing there right now?
Bruce Broussard: Sure. So the flu is a major driver. It was around $45 million all-in for the company. About three quarters of that was driven in the Retail segment. With regard to Puerto Rico, Id rather not go into the details of the numbers there but we are losing money in that market. We lost more this quarter than we expected. And really thats driven by the fact that the dynamics in that market are different. The medical management of those members is different. We got hit by uncompensated care adjustments that we had to take into our results that werent in the bids because they came after the bids. And so 2014 was a very difficult year for that market. On the dual side, we are continuing to build up that infrastructure. As we think about investments for 2014, Id say the duals came in slightly higher, individual came in slightly lower. So thats sort of how Id calibrate those results on the retail segment.
Justin Lake: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. Thanks. Just wanted to follow-up on, I guess that last comment before the Q&A about evaluating certain businesses, making sure that they are appropriately returned. I dont really remember you guys talking a lot about this before. Is there -- are there significant business lines that are currently being evaluated? And I think you mentioned either divesting them or fixing them. Is there anything in the guidance that would contemplate some potential cost of fixing a business line that is not ready to return that you are targeting?
Bruce Broussard: Well, our guidance really incorporates all of our current businesses as they stand today. We are very focused on continuing to drive down admin costs and as you saw that in the Employer Group segment this year, well continue to work on that. But we are evaluating all the lines of business. I think weve been very clear that all of our businesses over time needs to earn their cost of capital and we are going to make sure that occurs and we are being very disciplined about it. And so, I dont want to comment on any specific businesses but we are evaluating our entire portfolio.
Kevin Fischbeck: So, I guess, is there a way to frame it? Are we talking about things around the edges, or are there decent-sized parts of the business that are being evaluated?
Bruce Broussard: Again, I will say, all of our businesses are being evaluated. I think we feel very good about our core businesses. So, I wouldnt see any major change in that regard. But there are number of businesses that need to hit their returns and we are focused on that.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Josh Raskin: Hi. Thanks. The question is around the Medicare Advantage growth and the sources, the drivers. I think I heard you say 52% had come from competitors. I guess I was little surprised to hear that. I know last year was a little bit of an anomaly. But Im just curios where that has trended in the past. And then as you think about the overall MA growth, how much of that is coming from previously fee-for-service Medicare lives, how many are agents, how many are PDP conversions and maybe any other buckets over all of that MA growth?
Jim Murray: This is Jim Murray. As we look across the various markets that we grew and there were probably 10 or 12 markets that we would point to. We are seeing the beneficial impact of our higher stars rating. We believe having a favorable impact in the way that we were able to position ourselves relative to the competition. Bruce earlier talked about North Carolina and thats a market where we have 4.5 stars. And some of the competitors there were there before didnt have as higher stars score. We think that that in terms of the premium and benefits that we are able to put on the street helps to position us better. So, I would say that thats one aspect that we are seeing play itself out well. We are obviously very pleased about that. As respects, the numbers that we get from competitors versus fee-for-service, I would tell you that that number, as we looked at is about 50-50. Agent generally, the significant part of the agent growth occurs during the ROI as opposed to during the AEP itself. A lot of favorable dynamics and again, as Bryan and Bruce both pointed out, we are pretty pleased with the way that this AEP played out for us.
Josh Raskin: I got you.
Bruce Broussard: One thing I would add to that is, as weve discussed, we had great growth in our HMO area and our strategy has always been is create a relationship through the PPO product and then evolve them over. And we just see that strategy continue to be strong, which both helps us on retention but also on the engagement and helping them with their health.
Josh Raskin: And just a follow-up on that. So, one, are you seeing any material impact from PDP conversions in the AEP? And then I guess I am just looking at that sort of competitor impact. Are you seeing -- is that different than what you have seen in previous years? Is the impact of stars more important now or you doing better vis--vis the competition in a different way than youve seen in previous years?
Bruce Broussard: I think last year, we had the same circumstance. We sound like a broken record, but our clinical platform has allowed us to offer stable benefits in the marketplace. And that clinical platform is not only helping us with stars score but its also helping engage individuals and getting them in the right clinical programs, which is ultimately lowering the cost of medical side, which is then turning around and allowing us to offer the proper benefits. I think it all sort of fits together. Its just now stars. I would say that thats a contributor in the individual marketplaces, but I wouldnt walk away from the call and say thats our competitor advantage or competitive advantage. Its really the clinical program that drives the lower medical cost and better quality.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
A.J. Rice: Hello everybody. I might just ask you about two items that were in your walk forward to guidance last quarter. I think you had in there about a $0.35 tailwind from lower investments in exchange and state-based contracts. And Brian, you mentioned that a little bit into your prepared remarks. I wondered if there is an update on what you are thinking in terms of investments and the timing. And the other when I was going to ask you about was Hep C. You had a $0.45 tailwind in your guidance there. And since then, I know you've done your preferred vendor contracts with Gilead, and I wondered did that $0.45 contemplate that contract, or is there now potential upside?
Bruce Broussard: So with regard to the first question on the investments, I would say its similar to what we discussed last call in terms of what we are expecting. Again, H1, we expect to breakeven. Hopefully, do better than that on the Medicaid dual side. We are expecting to reduce our investments pretty significantly. I would think about it sort of a $0.25 investment plus or minus on the Medicaid dual side for 2015. For Hep C, it really is -- its early to tell. Lets see what happens for 2015. Clearly, the unit price discount helps but we still need to see where utilization ultimately plays out. Were watching that very closely and well see over the next few months where we stand. I would say as it looks today, we feel pretty good but its still early.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel: Thanks. Just interested if you can give your thoughts on the CMS value-based contracting initiative for fee-for-service and whether we would view that as more of a positive or a risk for MA. And just thinking about from a reimbursement perspective if you think there is any risk that MA rates could be pressured in the intermediate to long-term if CMS does assume lower unit cost and lower cost trends in fee-for-service and whether that could translate into the per capita growth rate assumption that they make for the MA business.
Bruce Broussard: So, I think overall, our view is this transition to value-based reimbursement and getting more providers in those reimbursement models is the best for, I think the industry as a whole. And we look at that as an opportunity for us, both in helping providers. At the same time, continuing to enhance the Medicare Advantage positioning. In regards to, does it affect the benchmark, I think is what you are getting to. Over time, it will affect the benchmark, I think in any kind of plan thats there. Its lowering the cost on Medicare if you affect it. But I do think, long-term, the Medicare Advantage offers a significantly better advantage as you look at the comprehensive nature of it. Its just not about the price. Also what we found is about the integration of the services and the assistance that is provided there. But at the same time, we realize that we have to do better than the competition in our clinical programs and that competition is both within Medicare Advantage and also Medicaid as a whole.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Schenker with Morgan Stanley.
Andy Schenker: So, I appreciate Brian's comments in the prepared remarks on DCPs. But they have been trending down for some time, so maybe if you could just give me a little bit more understanding about the moving parts behind the trend over that time, including maybe specifically how changing mix has impacted that number? So you have mentioned the long-term support services, but how do growing exchange and MA growth impact that and how should we really be thinking about that metric going forward?
Brian Kane: The major driver really is the capitation. As we continue to increase our physicians under capitation arrangements, basically you have a benefit expense, you dont have a reserve. And so that really is the major driver. If you look at the roll forwards, you can see the days move really driven by that. The LTSS business has a similar dynamic in the sense that we pay the nursing homes on a monthly basis and so again, we have this expense without having that reserve and so that will naturally take it down. And then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this quarter, we had an outlier in the sense of H1 and that the members came on a little bit late. There were a bunch of pended claims that we were working through and we really did that over the fourth quarter. And so that really I think -- Ill put those as the three major buckets whats driving todays claims. I would also add that our cash flows are still very strong. And so as we think about our quality of earnings metrics, were very focused to make sure our cash flows are good and they are.
Andy Schenker: So therefore, just to follow up going forward because you are expecting more growth in capitation. You would expect that number to keep going down. And does the growth in exchanges or MA somewhat offset that to the other side, or..?
Brian Kane: I would say, all else being equal, I think thats right.
Andy Schenker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe: Back to the Puerto Rico book, can you give us a sense of size and/or magnitude of the loss? And then I knew you exited Medicaid there. Can you maybe talk about your commitment to that region within Medicare and/or how you are going to be able to sort of fix the issues? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Again, Id rather not go into specifics on our P&L in that market. I would say, there are real losses, they move the needle, they affected our tax rate. We are working hard to fix the problems in the market. The Medicaid -- losing the Medicaid contract, I think is indicative of where we are and deciding not to re-up there. And so our guys are working hard on that on fixing the problems and getting our members to engage and improve the medical management and a like. Again, we had some one-time issue in 2014 is related to uncompensated care and the time when that came into effect with respect to the bids. But as I said, all of our businesses that arent earning their cost of capital need to be evaluated and were certainly doing that.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And maybe, I know you don't want to talk about the size of the losses. Can you give us a sense of even just the premium?
Jim Murray: There are about -- this is Jim. There are about 50,000 Medicare Advantage members in Puerto Rico as we ended the year. We purposely try to downsize as respect to our activities relative to the AEP, so that we can shrink that membership. The premium that we get from the Federal Government for Medicare is solid. As Brian alluded to you earlier, the government made some change in the way that they pay hospitals after our bids were finalize for 2014. That was a big drag on our results. And the other thing that Brian mentioned, the loss of focus, because we did loose the Medicaid contract and the clinical model that was commensurate with that negatively impacted our Medicare results. So we expect this smaller portfolio of business in 2015 and as Brian said, were actively working on things that would improve that our prospects in Puerto Rico and thats probably, where we should end it.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa: We are getting close to that time of year when we hear about what the 2016 Medicare Advantage rates are going to be? We know from December that 2.45% was sort of what they were talking about for the growth rate at that point? But what other factors should we be considering that might be impacting the payments that you get from the government for Medicare rates in 2016?
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. Peter, this is pure speculation, so its always difficulty. I think we will look at the discussions that have historically been in the rate notice around in-home assessments as being an area of discussion and I also think the MRA adjustments are another area that possibly could be included in the rate notice. But thats really based on the dialog that has happened over the past few years with them and I dont have any insight information more than anybody else has on whats going to come out.
Peter Costa: And in terms of the range of possibilities, how do you think it will impact your ability to price business for next year, attain growth for next year?
Jim Murray: This is Jim. We have always -- over the last number of years expected the worst and as we focus on what our necessary actions relative to trend benders, we plan for that and wed see what happens in April and then we evaluate our bid processes and strategies accordingly. But we are in the process as we speak of trying to identify trend bending activities that would address the worst case scenario in some of the things that Bruce talked about. And we are putting those in place for 2016 as we speak.
Peter Costa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch: Hi. Good morning. Question on your guidance in the Medicaid duals, so I think as I understood, you are looking at a $0.25 approximate tailwind on that business from reduced investment? But am I correct that that business is still losing money, if you will, when you count in the investment or expect to for 2015 or is that wrong and can you quantify any magnitude?
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. If I wasnt cleat, I think, we expect around $0.25 of loss in 2015 for the state base businesses.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Okay.
Bruce Broussard: And that is reduced from 2014, pretty meaningfully.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. And can you give us a range of magnitude on 2014?
Bruce Broussard: No. I would say, if you combine H1 and the duals it was caught around $0.70 plus or minus.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Bruce Broussard: No problem.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush Securities.
Sarah James: Yeah. And Humana and other insurers have been working on providing new data to CMS that follows up on actions and results from home health risk assessments? And I'm wondering if there has been any consensus reached among the insurers or with CMS on how to effectively evaluate the results of that or the deficiency of follow-up actions?
Bruce Broussard: No there -- there has been discussion on the effectiveness of in-home assessments and the work thats been done there on a number of different occasions. I dont think there has been one proposal that has been agreed upon by the industry and by CMS. And I dont -- we dont want to get into commenting on what we think CMS would come out with based on our discussions about industry wide and company specific.
Regina Nethery: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Carroll with Stifel.
Tom Carroll: Hey good morning. Just a question on the 3Rs, how do you want investors to think about the change in the 3R accruals that you are making for 2015. I mean, is this just you have more color as you put it which provides more visibility on operation or is Humana perhaps getting a little more aggressive on assumptions? I wonder if you could balance that out for us?
Bruce Broussard: Well, I guess, Id say we viewed its a good thing that we are able to reduce the reliance on the 3Rs by over half. Thats a delivered strategy we made by ticking up pricing. Were being very disciplined there. And thats really part of our strategy to get to breakeven or better for 2015. So I think when we saw the new sales come in and break down by medal tear and age and geography et cetera, we are able to take it down slightly from where we were on the third quarter but we view that as a good thing. And again feel positive about where we are with that business and how we priced it.
Jim Murray: When we entered the exchanges in 2014, I think we communicated to the investors that we were going to grow in 2014, while in 2015 transition to insure that there were sustainability in that business long-term. And what you see happening is that -- thats whats happening that we grew in 2014, we would define success this year as maintaining our membership that we had in 2014 and 2015 and -- and having maintaining that level while at the same time reducing our reliance on the 3Rs, specifically 2Rs to allow us to make that transition, when the 2Rs go away next year.
Tom Carroll: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold: Could you speak to your expectations for medical trends? You got a better economy, consumer confidence seems to be rising, fuel prices -- fuel prices are down kind of like increasing discretionary income for folks. How do you think that might impact medical cost? And how do you build that into your Medicare Advantage assumptions with respect to trend benders that you are going to need and the medical trend expected in 15 versus 14 for MA? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Well, as you know, we did increase the expected trend for our commercial group business to 5.5% to 6.5% from 4.5%. So that was a significant increase, I think, reflecting all the things that you just discussed. On the Medicare side, its not as directly tied to economic growth. There was probably some impact. We focus pretty intently on where the trend benders need to be relative to whether the rates come in at from a CMS perspective. And I would say there is probably less marginal move unlike the commercial side based on economic growth and other factors, employment, et cetera that you would typically see.
Christine Arnold: What about the fact that fuel prices are lower? Old people are spending less to fuel up their vehicles. And also, can you tell us what kind of trend bender you assumed in 2015 versus 2014?
Bruce Broussard: No. We are not going to get to that level of detail. We havent really evaluated it. I dont know the answer of this specific, how fuel impacted but we take the holistic view where trend maybe and number of factors go into that.
Jim Murray: Im actually happy that the seniors have fuel for their cars because then they can go and see their doctors and take care of all the things that they need to take care of rather than waiting for an acute event. So Im happy about that.
Christine Arnold: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partner.
Ana Gupte: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I was just trying to see some of the less focused areas of business, if they might be potential drivers for upside. So one of them is individual off-exchange, and I know that's a much smaller piece of your book. But two of your peers have stated that they lost money in '14 and taking some pretty serious pricing actions on removing ACA-compliant plans. Is there anything here that you might have been doing? And I get it that the MLR floors probably took care of a piece of this, but just '14 with guaranteed issue and community rating did hurt some of the off-exchange books.
Brian Kane: Yeah. So as we said, I dont really want to distinguish between off-exchange and on-exchange in terms of our pricing. As we said, weve been very disciplined on pricing with our entire ACA-compliant book. Off-exchange is part of our strategy. Its an important part of our strategy. And were looking to mitigate the losses in both the off-exchange and on-exchange. And again all-in, as we said, we do expect to do that this year.
Ana Gupte: And then secondly -- thanks for that, Brian. Secondly on the small group, and maybe just the broader commercial fully insured book, your employer loss ratio looks pretty good for this quarter. In the third quarter, its deteriorated if I remember right. And somehow I didn't have a chance to follow up on that. Our pricing surveys show you jacked up your pricing quite a bit for '15. So any improvement in margin there and what are you baking into your guidance?
Brian Kane: Well, again, as we -- back in the third quarter we did suffer the impact of some of the transitional relief that we discussed. We got some of that back in the fourth quarter through, I would say both current period and prior period development that were better than expectations. And that really was the driver of the outperformance along with the continued focus on admin cost. I would say as we move into the next year, the price for Hep C and the like, hopefully well continue to see improvements there. And really where we need to focus is on the admin side as well.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. There is one other dynamic in this small group space that you are all aware of, Im sure is that there is a movement into the community base trading methodology and thats kind of an interesting dynamic that were watching play out with some of our competition and where they price their community rated business rates versus where were at. As we sit here right now, we feel pretty good about how were positioned and are monitoring not only the community rights but the migration from our existing block of business into those with the transitional relief opportunity that we have. So again feel pretty good about that and I am glad that you noticed that in some of the stuff that we provided.
Regina Nethery: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Rigg: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on the flu comments from earlier. I know you talked about $45 million headwind in the quarter. I guess, I am just trying to get a sense for -- just want to confirm and that was relative to budget, and just for how much the flu costs increase on a year-to-year basis? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: That was relative to our forecast for the fourth quarter. We had a very difficult December with regard to flu. As I said, its abated towards the end of the month and early January, and so we feel good about where we are for 2015. The 2014 results were worst than the 2013 results, but I dont want to go into specifics there, but they were certainly worst particularly in December.
Chris Rigg: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. On some maybe difficult to answer questions, but curious of your broader thoughts, first of all, on the Supreme Court decision and how you are contingency planning around that? And secondly, your thoughts on President Obama's budget and proposed cuts to Medicare and specifically Medicare Advantage? Thanks.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. We really dont get into the habit of commenting on those broad aspects until theyre finalized. I dont want to get into that, because its just speculation and I will leave it at that.
Bruce Broussard: I think that was the last question. So with that being said, we really appreciate the support by our investors and the confidence in the company. And most importantly, we thank our 55,000 associates for their dedication and helping our members with their health and all the necessary actions that are required with that. So thank you very much, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes the fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Bruce D. Broussard - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Executive Committee Brian A. Kane - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Steven E. McCulley - Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Stephen Baxter Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Brian M. Wright - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Humana third quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our third quarter 2014 results, our updated earnings outlook for the remainder of this year and our detailed financial guidance for 2015. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Brian to the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Steve McCulley, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. An Adobe version of today's slide deck has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Call participants should also note that today's discussion and slide presentation include financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures is included in today's slide presentation, as well as a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. Finally, any references to earnings per share, or EPS, made during this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, Humana reported third quarter 2014 earnings per share of $1.85 compared to $2.31 for the third quarter of last year, primarily reflecting our 2014 investments in health care exchanges and state-based contracts, as well as higher Specialty prescription drug costs associated with new treatment for Hepatitis C, partially offset by the year-to-date achievements I will describe for you shortly. For the full year, we've tightened our range of earnings expectations and are now projecting adjusted earnings per share of $7.40 to $7.60 for 2014. As we've discussed with investors in the past, our strategic investments prepare us for the pressures of funding challenges and other volatility associated with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. As a result of these investments, 2014 has been a year of accomplishments, including: number one, meaningful Medicare Advantage membership growth, especially in our HMO products; two, successful management of clinical program engagement even with higher membership growth; three, achieving clinical cost reductions that allowed us to stabilize member premiums and benefit changes in light of a 5% Medicare funding cut from CMS; four, achieving our financial -- targeted financial performance for our health care exchanges and state-based contract businesses, including adding approximately $6 billion of incremental annualized revenue associated with these 2 strategically important programs; five, continued improvement in our Star ratings; and six, maintaining our median EPS target on an adjusted basis, notwithstanding the various headwinds and investments for the future we made during 2014. As we look to 2015, we anticipate EPS to grow approximately 17% from our 2014 adjusted EPS and are guiding to a range of $8.50 to $9. We believe our earnings growth trajectory will resume next year as the enterprise-wide benefit of our higher membership levels, particularly in Medicare, and other benefits associated with consistent implementation of our strategy more than offset another round of headwinds in 2015. These headwinds primarily include a higher insurance industry fee, reduced Medicare Advantage funding from CMS and higher trends from Specialty drug costs. We also expect our revenues to grow substantially and are predicting top line growth of more than 10% for 2015. This revenue growth is primarily enabled by a higher membership in our Medicare businesses and a full year of revenues associated with our state-based contracts. As you can see from Slide 5, we are focused on the areas with the highest projected growth opportunities across the sector. The competitive pricing environment for commercially fully insured business remains rational, but we are seeing some aggressive pricing moves in the larger-case self-funded business. The latter has caused some significant membership losses in our ASO businesses that became effective next year, but we're not anticipating a significant impact upon our consolidated earnings. I'll now provide you a bit more depth on our membership expectations for business expected to experience the greatest long-term growth, beginning with the Medicare Advantage. As we look to 2015, we are expecting Individual Medicare Advantage growth in the range of 235,000 to 255,000 members. We believe members will be pleased with the continuing value proposition we are able to provide next year, as well as the stability of our benefits and premiums. Approximately 2/3 of our Medicare Advantage members will not see a premium increase in 2015, while the remaining 1/3 will see an increase of only $10 per month. In an environment which saw funding reductions of approximately 2%, juxtaposed against medical cost trends in the low single digit, this speaks volumes to the benefits of our integrated care delivery model. We also expect to see continued growth in our stand-alone PDP offerings and anticipate a growth of 475,000 to 525,000 members, with the primary driver of that being our low-priced co-branded Walmart plan. Turning to our expectations for HumanaOne membership. We do expect to see some attrition, driven by increased competition in our 2015 pricing strategy, including the necessary premium increases associated with the transitional policy changes and the preparation for the elimination of 2 of the 3Rs in 2017. Nevertheless, we expect that to be a temporary pause in growth. And importantly, we are forecasting breakeven results for this book of business in 2015. Our state-based contracts are expected to remain relatively flat next year, as we continue to implement the contracts that became effective in 2014. However, we are anticipating becoming active in the state-based contract RFPs again sometime next year, leading to higher membership growth and ultimately long-term profitability. Our strategy is to make it easy for people to achieve their best health with clinical excellence through coordinated care. This puts the consumer at the center. One benefit of the consumer at the center is quality of care. We see our recent Star rating results as a proof point that our strategy is taking hold. We are very pleased that approximately 92% of our current members will be in a 4-star or higher-rated plans in 2015. In addition, our CarePlus plan in South Florida achieved the highest Star rating of 5 stars, allowing year-round sales for this plan, the only publicly traded 5-star plan in the country. A significant driver of these high-star ratings is the cumulative benefit achieved through our clinical programs, predictive modeling and integrated clinical IT platform. We continued to increase our members' participation in our clinical programs. For example, while Medicare Advantage membership year-to-date is up approximately 16%, enrollment in our Humana Chronic Care Program has grown more than 35%. Besides favorable impacting our members' clinical outcomes, our clinical programs are continuing to show solid return on investment. The top 3 programs in terms of medical cost savings generate ROIs of at least 3:1. This gives us confidence that we continue to provide a better health experience for our members while achieving favorable results for our shareholders. Another leading indicator that we monitor relative to our strategy is the engagement of our associates. Engaged associates are the best way to our -- our strategy is consistently implemented, enhancing the overall consumer experience. Our 2014 associate engagement survey conducted by an independent organization shows engagement in the 91 percentile, a world-class ranking. So what does all of that mean for our shareholders? We believe the achievement of these strategy proof points leads to an annual revenue and earnings per share growth rates and return on invested capital justifying the confidence you have shown in Humana to date. I'd like to also provide a brief update on the evaluation of our PBM business. We have concluded that we would not sell this asset since we failed to see a compelling strategic or financial justification for doing so. However, our evaluation of this important asset continues across a number of fronts, including retail network purchasing and pharmacy inventory procurement and fulfillment. We continue to assess this and other opportunities, and we'll keep you apprised of our progress. This PBM analysis is part of the stronger focus on return on invested capital across all of our businesses. We continue to evaluate each of our businesses to ensure they are exceeding their cost of capital and are strategically significant. So let me summarize the quarter by noting that our core Medicare business is performing well and is expected to continue to grow and prosper. Our individual commercial business is starting to stabilize, and we expect breakeven results for 2015, including lower reliance on the 3Rs. Implementation of our state-based contracts is on track with our expectations. Our Healthcare Service segment is expected to continue to grow and expand in correlation to our growth in our Retail businesses, in particular, Medicare. And finally, 2015 is expected to be a year when strong growth in earnings resumes for Humana. We look forward to sharing our strategy and outlook in more depth at our Investor Day on December 4 in New York City. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian for a more detailed discussion of our financials.
Brian A. Kane: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. As Bruce said in his remarks, the steps we've taken during 2014 have helped mitigate the impacts of the headwinds we faced this year while positioning us for future growth. We have tightened our range for 2014 around the midpoint of our previous guidance, excluding fourth quarter debt retirement expenses, reflecting less variability expected from our health care exchange and dual-eligible businesses for the remainder of the year. Additionally, we are forecasting a 2015 EPS growth rate of approximately 17% based upon the midpoints of our guidance. But first, I will spend a few moments recapping the drivers of changes to our 2014 guidance points, beginning with the Retail segment. Our Medicare Advantage and stand-alone PDP businesses continued to perform well, with utilization, excluding the costs associated with the treatment for Hepatitis C, in line with expectations. We continue to expect solid performance from the Medicare book of business for the rest of this year. The performance of our health care exchange and state-based contract businesses is holding steady. With most of the year now behind us, we have narrowed and slightly reduced our Retail guidance range to reflect the in-line year-to-date performance in our expectation for the fourth quarter from these businesses. I'll speak more to their expected performance shortly. For the Employer Group segment, we are continuing to forecast pressures from Hepatitis C and the continuing adverse impact of the extension of transitional policies for our small group business. Our Healthcare Services segment earnings expectations had increased, offsetting the lower expectations in the other 2 segments, driven primarily by the continuing beneficial effect of our higher Medicare membership. These benefits include higher pharmacy script volumes and the operating improvements in terms of cost to fill that those higher script volumes provide, as well as higher participation in our clinical programs. Our adjusted earnings guidance range for 2014 of $7.40 to $7.60 reflects each of these components, as well as the membership growth and investments we have spoken to in previous calls. I will now turn to the crosswalk between our EPS expectations for 2014 and 2015. As can be seen on Slide 11, 2015 headwinds are not inconsequential. Let me walk you through these headwinds, as well as how we expect to overcome them to project strong EPS growth for the coming year. I'll begin with the nondeductible health insurance industry fee, which began in 2014 at $8 billion for the sector as a whole and escalates to $11.3 billion in 2015, a 41% increase. Given the increase in the overall fee, as well as our substantial premium growth, we estimate our share of this nondeductible fee will be an incremental headwind to 2015 earnings of just over $2 per share. Additionally, we face the headwind of Medicare funding cuts in an environment with unmanaged medical cost trend in the low single digits. As was the case last year, we expect the most significant lever we have to mitigate cost and rate pressures is medical cost trend efficiencies, what we call the trend benders. Some of the most impactful trend bender programs include: chronic care management for Humana At Home, pharmacy management, in-home clinical assessments, network management and claims cost management. We expect modest changes to our members' benefits, commercial premium increases and operating cost efficiencies to address the remainder of the shortfall. We have worked to mitigate the impact upon our members of premium increases and benefit changes in our Medicare Advantage business, while also balancing the potential impact of such changes on minimum medical loss ratios and competitive dynamics. From an operating cost-efficiency standpoint, we continue to focus on streamlining costs and processes wherever possible and have incorporated assumptions around specific initiatives generated from our ongoing internal operational cost and productivity review. All in, we expect operational improvements, net of a negative impact of Medicare rate cuts and secular medical cost trends, to benefit earnings by $1.40 to $1.50 per share in 2015. Turning to membership. We expect strong growth in 2015 resulting in an enterprise-wide benefit. As we've shared with you in the past, the new Medicare Advantage members we add each year do not immediately result in higher earnings for the Retail segment. However, as they renew in year 2 and each of the subsequent years, we experienced improvement in the benefit ratio for the cohort, as we've engaged these members in our care management programs and more accurately documented their conditions. Therefore, renewing members associated with our 2014 Medicare Advantage membership growth, along with the normal progressive improvements of our remaining membership, are expected to favorably impact our Retail segment results. We expect our Healthcare Services segment to see a more immediate benefit from the 2015 cohort of Medicare members due to the crossover benefit of service expansion in our Pharmacy Solutions and home-based services businesses. As we've noted in the guidance points of our earnings press release this morning, our Employer Group segment faces some membership headwinds in 2015, focused primarily on the highly competitive ASO business where we are committed to remain disciplined in our pricing. Our team is proactively taking the related operating costs out of the system, and thus, we do not expect significant earnings pressure from the loss of this membership next year. All in, the net growth in medical membership is expected to be additive to earnings in 2015 by approximately $0.75 to $0.85 per share. Another driver of higher earnings for 2015 is pricing our Medicare bids and commercial products to address higher costs associated with Hepatitis C. We believe these pricing adjustments in our Medicare bids are sufficient. And for commercial, we believe that we have captured most of these costs in our renewal pricing. This will largely eliminate the related headwind we are seeing in 2014 of $0.40 to $0.50 per share, thus leading to the year-over-year improvement. Our investments in health care exchanges and state-based contracts will also be reduced by approximately $0.30 to $0.40 next year to $0.30 to $0.35 of investment spending for 2015, as we anticipate generally breakeven results for health care exchanges and improving results in our state-based contracts. As we've shared with you previously, we anticipate the state-based contracts will take 2 to 3 years to normalize. Our projection for health care exchange results includes a significant reduction in our reliance on the 3Rs, with an expectation of receivables in the range of $325 million to $400 million in 2015 or about 1/2 of the 2014 level. The large majority of these receivables continue to come from reinsurance. The state-based contracts results are also expected to benefit from a full year of revenues on the contracts versus approximately 6 months on average for 2014, as well as progression towards a normalized benefit ratio. We have also included the impact from share repurchases in our 2015 forecast. As noted in the press release we issued in September, we have increased our share repurchase authorization and intend to execute approximately $1 billion in stock buybacks by June 2015. In October, subsequent to that announcement, we completed $100 million of buybacks. And later today, we expect to sign an agreement to initiate a $500 million accelerated stock repurchase program. Thus, we anticipate approximately $0.25 in incremental benefits, net of interest expense, for 2015 resulting from our capital deployment strategy. As we evaluate each of the components of our earnings waterfall that I just described, we are confident in our earnings per share guidance of $8.50 to $9 for 2015. Turning to Slide 12. Before expanding on our capital structure, I would like to first provide some color around our Medicare margin, as we recognize that this is an area of focus for our investors, as well as discuss a broader enterprise view for 2015 and beyond. At the time we submitted our 2015 bids, we were anticipating pretax margins approximating 5%. Our current 2015 forecast calls for margins that are more in the 4.5% to 5% range due to some factors that have changed since the submission of our bids in June. First, we saw higher membership than we had assumed in our 2015 bids, driven by greater-than-planned growth in the latter half of 2014 and our current estimate of 2015 membership growth. One of the realities associated with our high Medicare growth is that, as I mentioned previously, it takes time for our chronic care management programs and other trend vendors to reach their potential value for these members. This has the effect of depressing the overall margin due to the higher revenues from this membership. Additionally, our current 2015 outlook contemplates a slightly higher level of overhead absorption in our Medicare business as a result of the relative change in scale of all of our business units. It is important to note, however, that this higher growth level also results in more opportunity for our Healthcare Services businesses, such as our PBM, Humana At Home and behavioral health units, which, in total, results in greater overall enterprise value. We believe looking at growth from an overall enterprise view is the best way to think about our returns. To build on that point, we expect our Healthcare Services segment results to reach approximately $800 million in 2015, up over 50% from 2013 levels, which are dollars that would otherwise be paid out to third parties to provide these critical services that benefit our members had we not invested in our integrated care delivery model. More importantly, we believe the value to our members derived from integrating all these capabilities internally far exceeds what could be achieved by vending these capabilities to third parties. We therefore are very pleased to be continuing our growth trajectory while simultaneously reaching our overall enterprise targets. Turning to Slide 13. The final topic of my remarks this morning will be to review the company's capital structure and the related impact upon capital deployment. First, near the end of the quarter, we issued $1.75 billion of senior notes and announced the early redemption of $500 million of our 2016 notes. Together, these actions lowered the average cost of our debt by approximately 85 basis points, while lengthening the average maturity profile by more than 4 years. We also established a $1 billion commercial paper program that provides us with additional financial flexibility. These actions highlight our commitment to optimizing our capital structure. We believe that our current debt-to-capitalization ratio strikes an appropriate balance around the objectives of maintaining ample capacity to invest for long-term growth in our existing businesses, regularly returning capital to our shareholders and providing financial flexibility should strategic M&A opportunities arise. To conclude, we expect the resumption of earnings growth in 2015 with approximately 80% of that stemming from operational improvements and membership growth and the balance coming from capital structure optimization. We continue to believe that the execution of our strategy holds promise for growth in the years ahead as well. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Josh Raskin.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just want to talk about the overall Medicare business in light of the commentary you made around the margins. I just want to clarify, Brian, that the 5% margin is still your long-term target, that's part of your bid process, that's what you did last year, that's what you'll do next year, et cetera. It's just a little bit of headwind in -- yes, I guess there's a little bit of headwind coming in since the bids have been made. And I guess, if I'm going to cheat a little bit, the second part is, within your targeted growth for Medicare Advantage of 8% next year, that implies a relatively similar environment, all else being equal, to what you guys were thinking about coming into the year this year. So I know the fee is up, the reimbursement continues to get more burdensome, I guess, and cumulative impact. But is it fair to say you guys think, yes, the MA environment is the same as what we've seen in the last year or 2?
Brian A. Kane: Well, Josh, I'd say in your first question, I would say that our margin targets really are in the 4.5% to 5% going forward. We're going to take it on a year-by-year basis. It's important to think about this, as both Bruce and I have emphasized, as really an enterprise view and we think holistically about our business. And so we'll look at it year-by-year and figure out what is the right margin target to target. But I would say that our long-term targets are really more in the 4.5% to 5% range, and we'll take it on a year-by-year basis, depending on a whole host of factors, including the competitive environment, the rate environment, et cetera. I would say, to your second question, that we feel pretty good about where the Medicare environment is. I think we feel that our competitive positioning is very good. Our integrated care delivery strategy is working. And so we continue to expect to grow the Medicare business, which again, has the ancillary benefits on the rest of our enterprise, which again, we can't emphasize enough how important that is.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So Brian, just a follow-up, and I don't want to get caught up in semantics around 4.5% to 5% versus 5% historically. There's not a material difference. But what's changed? Why not 5%? Is there some feedback you've gotten from CMS? Is there competitive positioning where you think others are targeting lower margins? Or what exactly has changed that outlook for you guys?
Brian A. Kane: Well, I don't think there's any specific. I think our view is that just having a specific margin target at a point estimate is not prudent as we think about maximizing the overall enterprise view. We think, as you said, the 50 basis point difference doesn't have a significantly material impact on our business. And so as we think about holistically what the way to drive the overall results are, we're going to maintain flexibility depending on the overall market conditions. But I think broadly our view, as we've said on the Medicare business hasn't changed. We're very positive on where we think it can go and the growth we think we can achieve. And if you look back at our results, I think it's very clear that, that's occurred. If you go back and look at our Healthcare Services results and look at where we were profit-wise in 2013 and where we're projecting for 2015, I think that gives you a sense of the power of our integrated care delivery model. And so I think that's really what's driving our perspective there.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Peter Costa.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sort of along that same line. I'm looking at your guidance for Medicare Advantage growth in the Retail segment, you're projecting a slowdown in growth, and yet, you've got fewer headwinds. You should have a better performance relative to the Star program and your MLRs are the same. So why are you projecting a lower growth that's actually not better than the market? It's just what the market has been growing recently.
Brian A. Kane: Well, Peter, we'll see how the competitive environment unfolds and how we do. We feel very good about where we are. We'll see if we can exceed those targets. But that's where we think a reasonable place to be is at this point.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim. We're 2 weeks into the selling season and things seem to be going very nicely. But this was our attempt at putting a number out there that made some sense, and we'll see how it ultimately plays out.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Was there something that happened this past year that caused your membership to grow so much faster than the market and you're just looking at sort of market growth going forward? Or is there something else that I should be thinking about in terms of just conservatism in your number?
James E. Murray: In 2014, as Brian talked a moment ago, our trend benders were very, very positive, as they will be for 2015. We -- relative to the competition, we had a very good value proposition in a lot of the markets that we do business, and we see that same kind of value proposition playing itself out in 2015. So it's very early. Let's see how the remainder of the year plays itself out.
Bruce D. Broussard: To be more specific, on 2014, there were some competitor reactions that inured to our benefit that, I think, helped us grow in '14. We don't see that in '15 as much. And so we brought our estimate back down to what is a normal growth rate for the organization.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of A.J. Rice.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess I'll just try to flush out a couple of points on your guidance, if possible. I know last year, when you did the guidance, you had sort of backed out prior period development going forward, and I didn't see that as a line item. Is that incorporated somewhere in the forward guidance? And then just maybe a little bit more on Hep C and the buyback. What -- does the buyback have more in there beyond the accelerated repurchase today? Or is that sort of all that you've incorporated in there? And then in Hep C, I guess, you're sort of unique in highlighting that as an opportunity. And maybe flush out a little bit more of how you're going to -- is that just a matter of getting it priced right next year versus this year?
Steven E. McCulley: A.J., this is Steve. I'll take part 1 of that question, which was last year, when we rolled forward from '13 to '14, we had a higher level of PPD in '13 that we didn't see playing itself out at a similar level into '14, so we normalized that as we rolled forward from '13 to '14. We think now we're more at a more normal level, so we don't have the same adjustment as we roll forward from '14 to '15.
Brian A. Kane: Yes. And on your second question, A.J., with regard to Hep C. Look, we thought it was important to highlight that we're -- feel that what we've put in our Medicare bids are sufficient to cover that headwind, as well as in our commercial pricing. And so we want to call that out because that's a number that we had as we rolled forward from -- during the year in 2014. So it was important to call that out, that we reflected that. And in terms of share repurchase, that is correct, there is additional repurchase assumed in the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I've got a few follow-ups here on the numbers. First, on the margin target. Understand your comment on moving away from a point-specific target to this new range. Just wanted to get some commentary on your thoughts looking ahead. Can you confirm that you think this is a sustainable range, given everything you know on the business today versus what you used to say this 5% is sustainable? And then on the 8% membership growth for '15, I'm surprised that that's ahead of your original expectations, given what we've seen from the market over the last 5, 6, 7 years. So can you tell us what you expected previously and what you think sustainable Medicare Advantage enrollment is going forward?
Brian A. Kane: Sure. So on the -- look, we think that the 4.5% to 5% is a number that's, like we said, reasonable going forward. And I think that's where we want to continue to strive to hit. As we've said, nothing -- really, going back to my -- an earlier comment, I think that's just what's prudent to do as we think about maximizing the overall enterprise value here. With regard to the membership growth, I would say we're, call it, probably 40,000 members ahead approximately of where we were in terms of the 2015 guidance expectation. When we were setting the bids back in June, we're probably about 40,000 members ahead of that. Again, we'll see where this ultimately plays out. We think those are reasonable growth targets, and we feel pretty good about where those are.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Borsch.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to come back to your bid for 2015. And I appreciate what you said about the member mix given your higher growth, and that's a headwind. But don't you also have a tailwind from the fact that Medicare utilization generally has maybe, correct me if I'm wrong, been favorable to what you reflected in your bid back in late May?
Brian A. Kane: I would say that the Medicare utilization, in terms of our expectations, I mean, what we've seen play out through the balance of 2014 have really been in line. As you know, Matthew, we really look at admits per thousand from an inpatient trends perspective. We track that really rigorously, and it's really in line with where we expected. In the early part of the year, you're right, it outperformed a little bit in terms of those numbers were slightly better than forecast, but our expectation was that it was going to come back to within where our expectations were. And as we roll that forward to 2015, we expect it to really remain in line.
Bruce D. Broussard: So when we did the bids, we do reflect what we think the trend benders will be in that appropriate year. And so in 2015, we've included the trend benders in there. And in 2014, the latter part, the trend benders continue to be an expectation of both as opposed to overachieving or underachieving.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And looking ahead, do you see the Medicare utilization with the caveat of the member mix remaining about where it's been?
James E. Murray: This is Jim. The utilization on Medicare has gone very well this year, with Humana At Home playing a large role. There was some favorable utilization in the first couple of months because of the cold weather. The other thing that I would just quickly remind you of related to 2014 is that when we thought our group business was doing better at the beginning of the year, we made the decision to invest an additional $100-and-some million for 2015's trend benders, which is putting a little bit of a drag on our Medicare results for 2014. So that's part of the offset that I would highlight for 2014. But utilization is really strong. We're really focused on Humana At Home and what kind of results that that's going to achieve for us and feel very good about that as we get our trend benders for '15.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Schenker.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So maybe switching over to exchanges for next year. I appreciate your expectation of kind of breakeven. But maybe if you could just highlight some of the changes you made in your offering and expectations, considering you're going to be offsetting over $300 million and its 3R dependency there. And then also -- and any losses above that? And also maybe talk about your expectations around membership losses there or any of them from any specific medal tier or any specific geographies where you had more significant repricing.
James E. Murray: This is Jim again. We feel really good about how we were able to grow this past year with the exchange business. As you all know, we doubled our membership from 0.5 million to about 1 million members, and we tripled our overall revenues up to $3 billion, which got us into a nice scale position. We were able to do that because of the way that we designed our products and our networks and really focused on efficient networks in many of the markets that we offered the product. That enabled us to probably be in a 1 to 2 position in terms of low price. And as we look at the competitive environment now that's deteriorated a tad, although not significantly, so it's such that we're probably somewhere between second to fourth lowest in a lot of the markets that we do business. But again, the price differential between the low plan and us right now is not that significant. And so we're obviously going to test some of the persistency theories that we've got relative to this business. The drop is anticipated because we're going to lose some of our legacy business, not exchange business. But just trying to be cautious in terms of what we're guiding for next year, given the new competitive marketplace and some of the issues that will likely occur because of the subsidy changes that are going to take place with the new competitors in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck.
Stephen Baxter: This is actually Steve Baxter on for Kevin. So I wanted to kind of follow up actually on the individual enrollment projection. I guess, with the exchanges forecast to grow substantially, this seemed a little bit surprising, even given the pricing changes. I guess, could you kind of break it down a little further into what you expect in terms of retention on your exchange book, your non-exchange book, and what you think it will capture next year?
Brian A. Kane: Look, I think, as Jim said, on the legacy side, we do expect attrition there, and we'll see where they ultimately go. It is a price-sensitive market, and so as we forecast for 2015, I think we're mindful of the fact that this market hasn't been in existence very long. And so while brand and loyalty will play some role, it's still early days. And so we're trying to really just understand where we are positioned competitively, and we'll see how this ultimately shakes out. But I think, given where we are from a price position perspective, as Jim articulated, that's really why we're forecasting the way we are forecasting. We do expect the on-exchange members to remain around the same. And you're right, we are assuming that the market will grow. In our pricing, there is an assumption that the market will grow, that the -- effectively, the morbidity of the market will get better. And that's part of our pricing assumptions, as well as the reduction in really almost in half of the 3Rs. But it's still early days, and we'll see how this plays out.
Stephen Baxter: Okay. As a follow-up, what is your current exchange enrollment?
Bruce D. Broussard: It's about 1 million.
Regina Nethery: No, that's all-in.
Bruce D. Broussard: Oh, I'm sorry. It's 700,000 on the exchange and 300,000 legacy.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ralph Giacobbe.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was hoping you can give us a sense of where your individual book margins are running for this year and sort of what that implies for the, I guess, Medicare book margin this year as well?
Brian A. Kane: When you say individual, do you mean H1? But we're just...
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, just the -- yes, your -- just individual book, both on and off exchange.
Brian A. Kane: Yes, I mean, look, I think it's clear, we're -- all-in, we're losing money this year. It's like we have these investments in the exchanges. I mean, we'll broadly lose in the $60 million range all-in this year on the individual side, and we expect to take that to breakeven this coming year. So that's broadly how we think about it. And as I we -- as I articulated in my remarks at the beginning, we still expect some investment, but that's on the state-based side. We're hopeful that will break even this year on the exchange side.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then your Medicare book, I guess, excluding those with the drag, I'm just wondering what the baseline is in terms of your margin performance so far this year.
Brian A. Kane: Yes, we don't disclose that level of detail in our Medicare book. I mean, you have what our retail margins are. And that's -- and I'd just point you back to my remarks at the beginning as to what our margin targets are for the Medicare business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Carl McDonald.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This historical 5% Medicare margin was based on a 35% tax rate. The go-forward 4.5% to 5% is now a 50% tax rate. So is it right to think about, on an after-tax basis, you're saying the go-forward Medicare margin is going to be, call it, 25% lower, ignoring for a second the positive impact of Healthcare Services segment?
Brian A. Kane: Look, I guess it's fair to say that. I mean, there's no doubt that the margin that we've articulated is a pretax number, and we are faced with a much higher effective tax rate next year approaching 50%. So it is fair to say that the overall margins, as everyone is facing because of the industry fee, have been reduced.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ana Gupte.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So again, following up on the 4.5% to 5% target margin, if we fast-forward to 2016, would you be able to articulate what the drivers are of your Star performance? And with such a conservative target margin and 90% of your plans in 4-star, what you might do to deploy that pretty massive listing [ph]?
James E. Murray: This is Jim. There's probably 10 things that go into our favorable Star positioning. Bruce talked about some of them earlier when he talked about predictive modeling. We have teams of people who are identifying each of the individual geographies and age contracts in each of the cells of the various Star measures to identify where we predict that will be relative to each and every one of those. We've got a team of people in the markets. We've literally created folks who are called Star Czars in the markets who are focused on driving Star results for us as an organization. We have a layer of people here at corporate who do an amazing job, hundreds of people who are focused on how we're doing market-by-market, organizing our efforts. We're also doing a lot of things -- you've heard about our CareHub workflow and messaging capabilities. We're literally sending messages to our members and their doctors about where they stand relative to care gaps, which we'd like to get close so that our HEDIS scores improve. We're also doing things around our customer service organization and the related impact that, that has on Stars measures. And so it's a really incredible effort that comes together nicely every year. And I think that you'll see continued improvement from us going forward, which, as you correctly pointed out, really helps us with our overall revenue perspective into the future.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So would you say then, given that the secular growth rate is mid- to high-single digits 2016 and beyond, you probably have flat to positive rates, but you're the leader here, so you could grow at mid-teens at the very least?
James E. Murray: We do a good job with Stars, and we do a good job with trend benders. And as you know, the offset of that is funding from the government. And I think in over the last couple of years, we've demonstrated that we are able to manage through that headwind fairly well and grow, which is, frankly, a big part of the story here is our ability to grow organically. And our Medicare business, I think, is really -- differentiates us from a lot of folks.
Bruce D. Broussard: So I'd tell you, maybe to bring more specifics to the growth rate. We do -- Medicare is growing at about 3% per year. The number is fairly large. And from a number point of view, but we do see Medicare Advantage growing greater than the Medicare number as a result of the growth in the participation within the Medicare Advantage program as a whole. We also believe, as Jim has articulated, that our clinical programs, including our Stars ratings, gives us a competitive advantage in the marketplace, allowing us to keep our rates stable and then continuing to ensure our value proposition is one of the higher-competing competitors in the marketplace. So we do believe that we will take more of that share as we've demonstrated in the past. And so when we think about a sustainable growth going forward, we think the clinical program really is the engine that allows that growth, and then you combine that with the demographic aspect to it, it seems to be a very intriguing market for us long term.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Fidel.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just interested on the assumption for the Hep C recovery around $110 million. What are you building in, in terms of Harvoni into that? It does look like the script volumes are starting out pretty robust here initially. And then just relative to Hep C, just help me just understand, with the Employer Group guidance, where that $30 million of Hep C benefit actually flows through on the metrics? Because it looks like you're guiding for stable MLR year-over-year in the Employer Group, and then you've got the pricing for the industry fee that theoretically be impacting that as well. So just interested in terms of where that $30 million benefit actually shows up on the Employer Group.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. On -- it's Brian. On Harvoni, we are anticipating an increase in utilization of that drug, and we've modeled that and forecast that, and that's anticipated in our pricing. And so again, we feel pretty good about that, where that's priced for our Medicare book and our PDP book. With regard to the $30 million, it will show up in the MLR line, the MER line, and there's a whole list of things, obviously, that drive that MER line, but that $30 million would show up there for sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dave Windley.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I was curious if the -- on the expenses-related state-based contracts that remained in the guidance for 2015, I think about $0.30 to $0.35. Is that infrastructure ahead of revenue still? Or should we think of that as a steady level of investment that you will need to continue to make over multiple years to build up that program?
Brian A. Kane: I would say it's a combination of things. I think, generally, we've really ramped up the infrastructure. We're still doing that. Part of that also is getting to a stabilized MER ratio. We expect that to come down over time as we engage with these members, and there is clearly additional investment there. So it's really a combination of things. But I'd say the MER getting to a stabilized ratio is pretty important, as well as continuing to scale up the business.
James E. Murray: Dave, part of the issue related to next year was the lateness in some of those contracts in their start dates. The states weren't quite ready to give us a lot of those members. And as a result of that, some of the investments that we would have otherwise made last year and got infrastructure in place, fixed infrastructure, is now having to be put together next year. So it's probably a little bit higher investment in '15 than we would have otherwise thought we were going to make last year at this time.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And is that and perhaps the H1 business, are those the 2 factors that have your pretax retail margins at like 3.8% as opposed to the 4.5% to 5%? Are those the 2 things that I should think of as dragging that down? Did I categorize correctly?
Brian A. Kane: Yes, no, I think that's fair.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sarah James.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Your peers have all given us long-term top line or earnings growth outlook. How should we think about those for Humana?
Brian A. Kane: Well, look, it's something that we're thinking a lot about. We'll potentially talk more about that going forward. I think suffice to say, today, as Bruce articulated, we feel very good about how we're positioned in the long-term growth perspective on this business. From a top line perspective, given the -- from where our core business where, the significant number of agents we're seeing every day, the penetration of Medicare Advantage and our positioning within Medicare Advantage gives us confidence that we can continue to grow that book. When you think about operating leverage, as we continue to ramp up the H1 business and start turning a profit there and the state-based business starts breaking even and ultimately turning a profit, we think we can drive material operating leverage, as well as we continue to scale up more broadly, and then we are going to have capital return as part of our regular commitment to shareholders. And so when you combine that, we feel pretty good about what our top and bottom line prospects are.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, maybe to clarify a little bit more. You had -- on Slide 5, there was the tier historical revenue CAGR of 14% and McKinsey study suggesting 7% to 8% MA growth through '19. And then earlier on the call, you talked about some market share gains being possible based on the strength of your offering and Star rating. So if I kind of add those to the McKinsey projection, can we get to a sustainable top line growth in line with what you show as to your historical CAGR?
Brian A. Kane: Look, we're not going to comment on that at this point and give specific revenue growth targets. We would say that we're very pleased with our historical performance here. We're hoping we can achieve it. But this is a very complex business. And we're not in a position, at this point, to give long-term guidance other than we feel very good about how we're positioned.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Wright.
Brian M. Wright - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Were those Reuters reports a couple of weeks ago accurate that you've hired Goldman to sell Concentra?
Bruce D. Broussard: We don't comment on specifics like that. I think the -- what shareholders should take away from is that we are constantly looking at our portfolio, both in businesses that are not strategically aligned and, in addition, businesses that are not returning the returns that we are looking for. And this is going to be a constant evaluation. We're not going to speak about a specific company, especially when we haven't put out any kind of public discussion on it.
Brian M. Wright - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Is Concentra in the guidance then?
Bruce D. Broussard: Concentra is in the guidance.
Brian M. Wright - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, Brian, have you completed your capital review, given all the buybacks and the debt raising? Or is there more to go?
Brian A. Kane: Well, look, as I said earlier, we feel good about where we are from a debt-to-cap perspective. We think it gives us the flexibility of where we need to be. We'll always refine our perspective on where our balance sheet is and what our capacity is. But I would say, from a leverage perspective, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Brian M. Wright - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And so you've done a review of the M&A landscape?
Brian A. Kane: Well, we're always reviewing the M&A landscape. We're always looking at our opportunities, both organic to fund that growth, as well as inorganic. So that review is ongoing and will always be ongoing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Rigg.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the earlier question on the prior year development. I just want to make sure that that's -- you guys are not projecting that to reoccur in 2015.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. We have used the same reserving practices all the time from year-to-year, so we have a normal run rate. So there's not anything unusual, when we roll forward '14 to '15, we would expect the same level in both years, I guess, on a percentage basis, all things being equal. Does that make sense?
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sort of. I don't want to get bogged down on the call. But I guess others, as a course of business in your industry, typically wouldn't assume that to reoccur. I guess, is it somehow reflected in the MLR that this year is artificially depressed and you're going to see improvement year-to-year? Or...
Steven E. McCulley: No, this is all normal. So we just think about normal reserving practice results in a typical level of margin or redundancy at the end of the year. And then if you use the same practices, you're going to have the same level the following year. And the only time that it really pops out as a reconciling item from 1 year to the other is there something changes or you had more than -- a lot more than you expected or a lot less than you expected. So the way we -- that's the way we think about it. So there's not a reconciling item for us going from 1 year to the next for this item. And I'm not sure how others do it, but I would think that would be typical.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Baker.
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You pointed to, obviously, the commercial ASO membership pressure and the pickup in select competitive dynamics driving takeaways. I was wondering if there was any role of the private exchange in those results, and if so, could you give us some flavor of that?
Steven E. McCulley: None of the cases that we lost for 2015 had an aspect related to private exchanges. It was a large case primarily that we lost because of some competitive reasons on the fees and some of the commitments that were made relative to medical cost, but we just didn't think we could go to. As with respect to private exchanges, we're doing a lot of work to understand them, not only from a larger group perspective, but also small group perspective. We're doing a lot of the same things that our competitors are with testing some of the exchanges that are being brought up by the consultants and the broker community, and we also have our own proprietary exchange. So we're not seeing a significant amount of movement yet with respect to the exchanges, but we're starting to -- trying to understand where we think that will go.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think where we are in the private exchange maturity is, as people are trying to understand that we're preparing for some conversions over the longer period of time, but in today, we're seeing those conversions.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, like always, we thank each of you for your support for the organization and also especially our 55,000 associates that should take credit for improving the health of our members and also creating long-term sustainability returns for our shareholders. I wish everyone a great day, and we thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations Bruce Broussard - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Kane - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Murray - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Steve McCulley - Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Christopher Todoroff - Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Joshua Raskin - Barclays Justin Lake - JPMorgan Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs David Windley - Jefferies Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley A. J. Rice - UBS Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities Christine Arnold - Cowen Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Carl McDonald - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now hand todays call over to Regina Nethery. Please go ahead maam.
Regina Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. In a moment, Humanas Senior Management team will discuss our second quarter results and our updated earnings outlook for 2014. Participating in todays prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Kane, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Steve McCulley, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with the virtual slide presentation. An Adobe version of todays slide deck has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before I begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this mornings earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Todays press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humanas Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in todays call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I will turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce Broussard - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported second quarter earnings per share of $2.19 reflecting our strong membership growth year-to-date juxtaposed against investments in healthcare exchanges and state-based contracts as well as clinical spending to weather the funding cuts the Medicare Advantage business continues to experience. We continue to have confidence in our full year forecasted earnings of $7.25 to $7.75 per share with the completion of another quarter of solid performance in our base businesses. As usual, the second quarter was a busy one. We submitted our bids to CMS for the 2015 plan year for individual Medicare Advantage, group MA and standalone PDP offerings and expect the vast majority of our members to experience stable premiums next year. We anticipate no significant changes in our geographic presence, but do expect to offer HMOs in nearly 65 new counties next year. CMS is in the process of reviewing our bids. So, we will not be disclosing any further about our 2015 plan designs at this point. However, we do believe that our offerings will continue to outpace solid value proposition to Medicare beneficiaries and result in a net membership growth next year. We continue to be encouraged by the power of our integrated care delivery strategy, which contains three major areas. First, care delivery; second, consumer experience; and third, data analytics. Our strategy is designed to make it easy for people to achieve their best health and as demonstrated by our strong membership growth, it resonates well with our consumers. Our analytical capabilities are an important driver of the returns on our clinical investments. To that end, I will spend a few minutes this morning talking about why our ability to connect and analyze data and in turn and into actionable insights for our members and providers. It is so critical to our integrated delivery model. Looking at Slide 6, we have made great progress in the past two years. Our integration of Anvitas analytical engine into our clinical workflow and messaging system is allowing us to proactively enroll members in clinical programs. In addition, the connectivity of providers through our Certify engine combined with our population health analytics, like documentation review and quality measurements is assisting our provider partners in managing value-based relationships. Through this integration, we can be a better partner with our providers to share with them data that is integrated from both a clinical and financial perspective. Providers receive relevant and actionable insights at both the population and member level. This allows them to see the broad picture of what is happening with our populations and drawdown on specific patients and why trends are occurring. In turn, this helps the physicians manage the health of their members more effectively, a key to value-added relationships with providers. Slide 7 clearly demonstrates that our focus is paying off. Members quality health measures compliance has risen significantly over the past two years. It is a combination of the high-tech capabilities I have just described in the high touch care for our members living with chronic health conditions that underpins the success of our strategy and the value proposition for our members. Turning next to our product offerings on Slide 8. As we shared with you in last quarters call, our Medicare membership has grown significantly this year. While we also anticipate net growth for individual Medicare in 2015, it is far too early to gauge the extent of that growth. We anticipate that sharing with you when we give our detailed 2015 guidance this fall. Turning to state-based contracts, the implementation process is progressing as planned, despite the delay in the start from some of the states. Opt out rates are coming in a bit higher than we had expected, but our claims and pharmacy trends are in line with our expectations. Our healthcare exchange membership also grew substantially during the second quarter given the influx of applications late in the first quarter. Our 2015 rates for exchange offerings have been filed with the various states and are pending approval. We believe the rate increases we have filed are not unexpected given the change in the population demographic dynamics that occurred subsequent to the state premiums for 2014. Finally, let me turn to our pharmacy benefit management business and address some of the questions we received from investors regarding our intended strategy. As you can see on Slide 9, the size of our PBM is substantial. You can think of it as an approximately $17 billion business with pre-tax margins in the 2.5% to 3% range. Our RightSource mailing operation has revenues in the $3.5 billion range, which are included in the $17 billion I just referenced. As with all our businesses, we want to maximize the value of these assets while achieving our strategic and operational goals. As I have said previously, a thorough and rigorous analysis of our PBM is underway, which includes a strategic and financial review. The financial review will include an analysis of our network purchasing, pharmacy inventory procurement and pharmacy dispensing. The strategic review will include some items that are distinct to our PBM, which I would like to highlight today. First, our PBM is a key part of our integrated delivery model as well as a critical strategic component of our consumer-focused retail business. Pharmacy is the single most utilized benefit by our members and we want to ensure that the experience continues to be of the highest quality. Further, our clinical programs that seek to improved medication adherence are a key to improving overall health outcomes for our members. Second, we will consider our third-party relationships, including our very significant relationship with Wal-Mart. We will consider in our analysis the potential effects on that relationship. Third, the proportion of our Medicaid business within the PDM makes it distinct from some of the other PBMs and commercial OEM transactions in this space. For example, we expect any potential incremental savings from retail network pricing would primarily be put back towards enhancing benefits for Medicare beneficiaries. Additionally, regulatory compliance will continue to be of utmost importance for any partnering relationship we might consider. This analysis will include the required flexibility with the anticipated Medicaid growth, changes in clinical protocols and current and future compliance capabilities. Each of these factors will need to be balanced against the potential benefits of any transaction including unit pricing as well as fulfillment costs. These are the factors I have just described. We expect that analysis of the PBM business will take a good amount of time to complete. When we conclude the process we expect to update investors. We appreciate your patience in the interim. Our industry has never been, and likely never will be, one where changes are few and far between. We believe Humana is well positioned to not only survive, but to thrive in this dynamic environment. In sum, our integrated care delivery strategy combined with the robust membership growth and state of our national demographics comprise a strong chassis upon which Humanas future growth will be built. We look forward to sharing further updates with you as the year continues to play out. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian for a review of our financials.
Brian Kane - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Bruce and good morning everyone. This morning we reported earnings per share of $2.19 for the second quarter of 2014. As expected, that was lower than the $2.63 reported for the second quarter of last year due primarily to our investments in healthcare exchanges and state-based contracts as well as higher specialty drug costs for a new treatment of hepatitis C that we discussed in last quarters call. Partially offsetting those headwinds was the solid results in our base business and the benefit of share purchases over the last 12 months. I would like to begin with a discussion of the strength of our base business. The underlying strong performance of our Medicare advantage business and our healthcare services operations continued to drive our results and have helped us to overcome some substantial headwinds as indicated on Slide 11. With respect to our Medicare advantage business, we continued to see a decline in our hospital admissions compared to prior year levels, largely driven by our care management programs. As indicated in this mornings press release, member with complex chronic conditions that are enrolled in our chronic-care management programs are up over 50% from last year given the acceleration and timing for getting to know our members health conditions. With respect to our newly enrolled members, they continued to perform in line with our expectations. However, I would note that benefit ratios of new members typically run higher in the first year. We are also very pleased with our mail-order pharmacy operations, as it reflects both strong Medicare growth and mail-order usage by seniors in our Medicare advantage and standalone PDP offerings which continues trend favorably. The strength of these businesses has allowed us to overcome several challenging issues which we have discussed at length in the past including; provisions of the affordable care act that became effective in 2014 including the industry fee which increases the operating cost ratios for the retail and employer group segments by 150 basis points and 180 basis points respectively. New and costly hepatitis C treatments which we continued to estimate at $0.40 to $0.50 EPS impact for the year and clinical investments of $0.40 to $0.50 in 2014 to help position us for the future which we mentioned last quarter. Moreover we are facing three additional headwinds, the details of which I will discuss shortly including higher marketing spend as we position for 2015, delay in implementation of our state based contracts and finally the extension of the ACA transitional relief provisions. Looking at our updated full year forecast, we continued to expect 2014 EPS in the range of $7.25 to $7.75 with some revisions to each of our segments as noted on Slide 12. For the retail segment our Medicare advantage business as I mentioned, continues to perform well. And our standalone PDP and healthcare exchange businesses are tracking in line with our previous expectations. There are two items noted on Slide 12 which together resulted in a reduction of our full year retail segment forecast by $50 million. First, we expect higher marketing costs of approximately $30 million for our Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses. This is primarily due to expectations for the 2015 enrollment campaign as we consider what we expect to be a continued solid value proposition and stability in premiums for our members. The remaining $20 million relates to our expansion in state-based contracts, which is driven by two items. First, the implementation dates for Illinois and Virginia were pushed back by two to three months but are now up and running. Since we had ramped up our infrastructure for an earlier implementation, the delay in revenues had an adverse impact on our full year outlook. Second, as the dual eligible contracts in Illinois and Virginia became effective, the entire industry has experienced a higher opt-out rate than originally expected ranging from 23% to 30%. Consequently, we have revised our full year outlook to reflect a higher opt-out percentage going forward. Turning to the employer group segment, we have lowered our outlook by $25 million for 2014 due primarily to the fact that small group employers are keeping their existing plans at higher rates than we had previously forecasted, which resulted from the March 2014 extension of the administrations transitional policy through October of 2016. The transitional relief allows certain employers to renew their existing plans at rates lower than the higher post-ACA rates, with no change in likely claims experience. After the announcement of the transitional policy extension in March, we saw a substantial increase in the percentage of employers taking advantage of that transitional relief. Consequently we have lowered the 2014 outlook for our small group business. Finally, as we look at the Healthcare Services segment, these businesses continued to exceed our expectations. And accordingly we have raised our full-year outlook by $75 million. The over performance was driven by our mail-order prescription drug operations, our home care business and our primary care operations. Each of these businesses plays a key role in our integrated delivery model, care delivery model for our Medicare Advantage population and have benefited from our growth in Medicare Advantage enrollment. We continued to experience higher than expected prescription drug volumes in our mail-order business. And our home care business is benefiting from servicing more of our membership in our chronic care programs. In total, these changes in our segment guidance net out to zero, so we continued to expect 2014 EPS of $7.25 to $7.75 and are pleased with the underlying performance of the base business. Turning next to our exchange business on Slide 13; our outlook for 2014 remains in line with our previous estimates. As a reminder, the 3Rs were established to stabilize premium rates for individuals during the transitions to the exchanges and were funded via taxes and fees levied upon the industry. With respect to the 3Rs we continued to anticipate receivables at year end of $575 million to $775 million. As indicated on Slide 13, approximately three quarters of this total results from the reinsurance provisions of the ACA, whereby insurers will recover 80% of the claim expenses that exceeds the $45,000 attachment point up to $250,000. The reinsurance receivable naturally rises as we proceed through the year and individuals exceed the attachment point. These reinsurance provisions continue into 2015 and 2016 with the 80% level of reinsurance declines to 50% next year and our pricing includes consideration for these changes. The majority of our ACA membership was effective in the second quarter and the very early drug claims data indicate that those members are on average younger and healthier than those that enrolled in the first quarter. Additionally, we believe as exchange enrollment levels continue to increase, the overall morbidity of the risk pool will continue to improve, which will help mitigate the need to raise rates further as the reinsurance and risk corridors unwind over the next few years. Turning next to the balance sheet, the parent company has now received dividends from our regulated insurance subsidiaries totaling $914 million, with $695 million being received in the second quarter and $219 million being received in July. This was in line with our expectations and consistent with prior year levels. As indicated in this mornings press release, we have repurchased 805,500 of our outstanding shares during the quarter totaling $101 million. With regard to capital allocation, over the coming months, we are committed to taking a fresh look at our financial leverage, capital allocation and return policies. We will evaluate increasing the amount of capital we return to shareholders beyond what we have historically done while considering the needs and opportunities of our business. The principal driver of capital allocation for us is our need to have ample capacity to invest in our significant top line growth and attractive MA opportunities when they become available. That being said, the clarity around our capital needs has improved over time now that we have better visibility around Medicare rate cuts, the duals and exchanges. We understand the importance of returning capital to our shareholders when we are able to do so. While I am new to the company, these are issues I am intimately familiar with given my prior experience in analyzing how to optimize a companys capital structure, capital allocation and capital return policies for the shareholders benefit, while at the same time preserving the flexibility a company requires to execute its strategy. As such, our balance sheet capacity and capital allocation policy are front and center issues for us. That concludes my prepared remarks, but before opening the line for questions, I would like to briefly express how fortunate I feel to join an organization with such strong leadership and dedicated and hardworking associates. In particular, I would like to thank Steve McCulley whose operational depth and extensive knowledge, along with the partnership we have formed are invaluable. I look forward to meeting our investors and want to remind everyone that our Biannual Investor Day is scheduled for December 4. We will be moving that event back to New York City this year. Details on the Investor Day will follow in the coming months. With that, we will open lines up for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush Securities.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities: Thank you. I know its still relatively early in the year, but I was hoping that you could kind of go over briefly some headwinds and tailwinds as you think about 2015?
Jim Murray: This is Jim Murray. In terms of 2015 headwinds that I would think about would be whatever happens with the funding from CMS as respects our premiums, which we use as a part of our bid development process. Offsetting that fairly significantly were some of the things we did around trend vendors. We had a fairly solid year in terms of what we were able to accomplish with trend vendors that we use for our bid process, we feel really good about that. In part thats why we chose to increase our marketing spend for the coming AEP, because of how we think our bids firmed up. Continued visibility in terms of whats going to play out with the exchange business, we feel really good about where we are sitting right now in terms of what we had anticipated. A lot of our pricing philosophy seemed to be playing out and the 3Rs are offsetting some of the negatives that occurred relative to changes in the program as it went along. We have talked a little bit, Bruce referenced our pricing and some of what we did for pricing for 2015, we feel good about that. We feel good about the way that the population is expanding. We have an estimate for how much participation we expect in the exchanges in 2015 and that was an integral part of our pricing. And then ultimately, the play out of how the Medicaid business all comes together, we are seeing a lot of build out this year in some of the investment we are doing around all of the state-based programs. We are getting some visibility into medical spend and the administrative infrastructure necessary for those programs and we feel pretty good about how they are all rolling out. So, frankly, when I look at a lot of the things that are on the horizon, I feel pretty confident about our prospects for 2015. We are always very careful and very judicious to identify anything that might surprise us, but again I feel pretty good about how 2015 seems to be shaping up.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joshua Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays: Hi, thanks. I guess the first question is just around the exchanges and I will admit a couple harder to find. So, the first would be how should we think about the 3Rs on a relative basis and I know you cant speak to what others are accruing, etcetera, but what would be some of the key determinations why Humana would be a higher or lower impact from the 3Rs? And then maybe just longer term I guess even just 2015, whats the endgame for all of these members that are at margins that are way below what you would expect to be long-term targeted members  margins? I mean I have seen some of the rate increases that are very significant for next year, should e assume membership in the exchanges is going to trickle down over the next couple of years or would you actually be able to maintain this level of membership and still increase the price?
Steve McCulley: Hey, Josh. This is Steve. I will take maybe the 3R question and then maybe Jim can talk about the second part of that question. On the 3Rs as you know we have shared just some slides today about our full year outlook there, which is I think more disclosure than others. And if you think about the reinsurance component of that, which is the biggest, again thats a determinable of the number that we can get from our claims experience, thats over the threshold and below 250. And I cant speak to how other companies are viewing that or how they are accruing it, but in general those levels at the end of the day for reinsurance ought to be relatively comparable. I guess if we have a  if we were more hit by the transactional relief rules, so our health mix is worse than others on average than that reinsurance per member could be higher, but everybody is going to have a fair amount of reinsurance. Its going to be the driver of everyones 3Rs including ours. I would note that we are just accruing the 80% portion of that reinsurance, where there is some talk of that potentially being funded further, but we havent considered that. So, thats kind of  other than that we talked last quarter about the  we look at how we are positioned in each state in terms of the amount of members that we brought in that were not previously underwritten and we can look at that data versus the state as a whole and make some estimates around risk adjustment. Thats not a  again, thats not a primary driver of the receivable, but we would expect to have some risk adjustment receivable. And again to the extent that, that estimate is off a little bit, it would be offset 80% in the risk corridor. So, those numbers tend to play together. So, thats kind of how we view the 3Rs and I dont know if you can talk about the second part.
Jim Murray: Yes, expecting that we would get a question related to the exchanges, I will just share some random thoughts with you and you can take it from there. I always like to remind everybody that the exchange business in the HumanaOne revenues for Humana, it represents 5% of our overall revenues. We also and Josh you referenced the margins, we are investing this year, but we fully expect that over the next several years that we will produce the same kinds of margin that you have heard from some of our competition. I think folks have talked about ranges of 3% to 5% and we feel comfortable that over the next several years that we can achieve that kind of margin level. And the important piece for us related to that was what happened this past year in terms of us gaining scale. Our membership doubled, but our revenues tripled as a result of the exchange business and that went a long way towards us getting the same kind of scale that some of those others have talked about in terms of gaining those margins that I referenced a moment ago. Also for us and why we are in this business, we think that over time there is going to be a shift to a retail form of business and obviously this sets us up nicely for this. And its a nice synergy between the Medicare business and the Medicaid business in terms of an aging opportunity for the Medicare business. And for Medicaid, you have heard and some of you have talked about the fact that some of the folks who are part of this program are going to go in and out of Medicaid and into some these kinds of offerings. And so we think it sets us up nice for our retail business as a whole. Some of the things that we have learned as a result of this past year, obviously the scale is something that we are very pleased about. Our philosophy about low price has developed with a very efficient network and an HMO form of product seems to have played out into the marketplace and helped us to gain some of the membership that we have seen in the three Rs, the financial projection  protection that they were designed to provide played out nicely for us as a lot of the changes took place and some of the changes to the reinsurance element of the three Rs offset some of the negatives as respect to adverse selection. We have already talked a little bit about the premium increases. We have meaningful premium increases out there that we think position us well for the future and move us towards those margins that we talked about. We fully expect that the pool will continue to increase. Our pricing assumes that there will be about 11 million participants next year. We have also included in our pricing the fact and Brian spoke to this, that two of the three Rs are going to wind down, we dont expect that they are going to exist forever and our pricing for 15 and 16 we will assume that they will ultimately be gone and will be left to a risk adjustment which frankly as a company we are pretty good at because of what in the Medicare business. We looked at some of the pricing that some of the competition has done over the last several weeks and months, it looks like the national and regional competitors in this space are being pretty price intelligent. There is a couple of co-ops in some smaller players in specific markets or specific states that seem to be doing some pretty interesting stuff. But generally we feel pretty good about the way the competitive marketplace is setting up, so we feel pretty good about this business. That was a long explanation, I apologize.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays: One clarification, I just want to make sure I got it right. So you are expecting 11 million in exchange is that going to be 8.4, and you are putting through some significant rate increases which starts I guess in 2015, does that mean Humana is expecting more membership on exchanges next year?
Jim Murray: I dont know that we can expect more membership. I dont expect that we are going to shrink significantly. I think the level of scale that we achieved this past year was solid. We will see how things play out. I dont anticipate we are going to grow significantly, nor shrink significantly.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays: Okay, perfect.
Operator: Your next question is from line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning. Just want to follow-up and just really think about sustainable earnings power here kind of going forward, but specifically can you give us an update on the losses that you are generating in exchanges for 2014 and would it be fair to think about the path being kind of breakeven for 15 and hitting target margins by 16. And then just quickly, can you give us your current thoughts on the run rate of Medicare Advantage margins and Healthcare Services segment earnings, thats being sustainable or not at these levels going into next year? Thanks.
Steve McCulley: Hi. This is Steve. Justin I will take the first part of that question which was the investments we are making. As you remember last quarter we did the total investments that we are making in the exchanges and the duals on a state based contracts was we started out the year at I think it was $0.50 to $0.90 a midpoint of $0.70 and that improved last quarter because of the exchange growth helped us get more scale as Jim just mentioned. And we improved our outlook for the exchanges for this year and nothing has changed on the exchanges for this year from 90 days ago. Things have played out like we thought, so thats still the same. What did change though this time is the investment in the duals and the state based contracts went up by $20 million as Brian mentioned in his remarks due to the delays in the contracts there, and the opt-out percentages. So net-net the total investment this year is about the same. So again, as we go to next year, we expect to do better in the exchanges and certainly the duals as well. So we havent obviously guided the 2015 numbers yet, but thats kind of how we see it.
Bruce Broussard: Justin just to add a few things to that, I mean we have made in statements that we do, I want to see the exchanges breakeven during 2015, and that is a target we have set internally. It might not in the whole year, but during the year we are very focused on breaking even. And both managing our costs as Jim articulated, adjusting for the pricing and with the anticipation of the 2Rs going away along with we anticipate the pool will continue to improve as the grandfathering clause works its way out. Your second question was on duals, we have our contracts are usually three to five years. We anticipate the first year we need to make an investment. And I think over the three-year period of time we have priced it at the appropriate return on invested capital. But it will take some time for us to get scale as you will see improvement in 2015 and then 16 I think you will continue to see improvement in there. We havent made the same comment on exchanges as we had in duals, if its going to be one, is it going to be profitable, but we anticipate there will be improvement in that business. On the Medicare Advantage side, we would try to be conservative and look at our membership growth. And we do think Medicare Advantage as an industry will continue to grow demographically with some penetration in the Medicare Advantage percentage as total of Medicare. And so we see that growing greater than 3%, but we havent put estimates out there. I hope that helps when you are trying to get a trajectory of how we see the earnings over the coming few years.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Great. One point on Healthcare Services segment earnings, they have been better this year, is this a sustainable run rate to jump off of for next year or is?
Bruce Broussard: Yes. I think the investors should look at the Healthcare Services side as a correlation to how the growth is growing in the membership side, because whats happening is, as you are seeing strong growth in our home health business as a result of our Chronic Care program, you are seeing strong growth in our behavioral business because of both the duals growth and the business  and the Medicare side of the business. So there is some pricing up and down, obviously within the pharmacy business, thats got a little bit of a pricing up and down based on generics and specialty and so on. But in general there should be a proportional growth to Healthcare Services as our membership grows.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Yes. Thank you. I wonder if you could just  I realized its not a major driver for you guys, but the Florida Medicaid program, I am hoping you would just comment on what you are seeing, its their early point now in terms of anything you can say about utilization levels as that new population comes into managed care?
Jim Murray: Sure. This is Jim. We have had Medicaid business in certain Florida regions for a long time, which are under risk based contracts. There are some new regions that we have in areas outside of South Florida that have just gotten up and running because of one of our competitors recent announcements, we have been looking very closely at a lot of the medical spend and we dont see anything unusual. There is some hepatitis C spend in the Medicaid business, but recently Florida gave us what I will refer to as a kick payment, and the actuaries feel very comfortable with the amount of that payment relative to the Hep C costs that we are incurring as an organization. The Long-Term Support Services business is getting up and running and seeming to do very well. So we dont see any concerns relative to the Medicaid Florida business that we just recently started.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: And if I could just follow-up because you touched up on the Hep C, are you  can you just tell us where you might be with the various states that you are in or going into in terms of the potential for additional reimbursement for that, for what you are seeing now and maybe what you start to see at the end of the year?
Jim Murray: Sure. I have already spoken to Florida. Illinois has also agreed to fund our Hep C exposures and we are working with Virginia as respect to those. Some of portion of that in Virginia, it comes from the duals program and there is that funding related to Hep C cost is borne by CMS through a very complicated formula, but there is some exposure to us and we are working with the state of Virginia to walk them through what that is. Other than that, we feel very good about where we are at with all the state contracts.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley - Jefferies: Hi. More generally on utilization, Brian mentioned in your prepared remarks that hospital admissions were down. I wondered if you could speak little more broadly to acute or in-patient acuity, average length of stay, metrics like that? And then also if the squeeze in inpatient is popping out in outpatient, could you talk about what you are seeing in the outpatient environment, from a utilization standpoint? Thanks.
Steve McCulley: Hey, David. This is Steve. I dont think there is a  we have seen any significant change in length of stay as we  as I think, Brian mentioned, we continue to see lower admissions, which is what we expected to see with our chronic care programs. The first quarter lower  the first quarter was very favorable and the second quarter was maybe not quite as favorable relative to the first, but it continues to be very favorable. And let me see your question, on the outpatient side, not a significant change, there is maybe some of that but not enough to  not something we would call unexpected.
David Windley - Jefferies: Okay, thank you.
Jim Murray: Broadly, I would say that we feel very good about our Medicare utilization trends.
David Windley - Jefferies: Thank you, Jim.
Jim Murray: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Schenker with Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. I was just wondering if you could talk high-level about the seasonality into the back half of the year here. I assume we could see some improvement in retail MLRs given Part D and exchange seasonality assuming normal seasonality employers well. And with that in mind, are the increased marketing costs going to mostly show up for the retail segment in the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Steve McCulley: Hey, this is Steve. Let me see if I have those questions. The Part D seasonality is the same pattern that we have seen in the past. So, thats in our forecast as we model that out as people get into the coverage gap, then you see that play out and thats the normal seasonality we see. We do have more members into the reinsurance phase because of the Hep C and we have talked about that. And then on the exchange members, I think its somewhat the inverse in that the deductibles that hit in the first quarter tend to make the early results better and then it kind of plays itself out through the year as people have met their deductibles. But again, the pattern changes arent anything different than the normal patterns that we have experienced in the past. So, as we trend out, I mean, thats all considered in the guidance that we give.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Maybe just to follow up on that, I think a couple of your competitors suggested that as people hit the attachment points for the reinsurance on the exchange business, that kind of act similar to the donut hole and actually lowers MLRs into the second half of the year, is that your interpretation in the accounting?
Steve McCulley: Well, I think that  let me think about that, there maybe some effect to that, but I dont think, so far those people havent hit those, those people who accumulate those balances as they go through the year. So, there is some modest impact from that, but I dont think its  it makes a drastic change in the overall MLR for the segment. As Jim mentioned, there is  its only 5% of our revenue. So, there is some impact to that, but I dont have those numbers at my fingertips, but.
Jim Murray: We also have the factor in the risk corridor and that 80% of that dynamic that just was described
Steve McCulley: Yes, thats the other complexity. Thats correct, Jim. So, to the extent that before they hit the reinsurance, it might be banging in the risk corridors and then as it moves and hits the reinsurance it kind of comes out of the corridors. So, all of that 3Rs tends to kind of smooth it out a little bit, so that the pattern really isnt as severe as it might otherwise be. Does that make sense?
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of A. J. Rice with UBS.
A. J. Rice - UBS: Hi, everybody. Maybe just two quick questions here. First, more of a strategic one, this is the year where Humana is growing MA much faster in enrollment than the peers and then the underlying market average. And I know Bruce coming into this year, you guys talked about some of the things you were doing to make that happen I guess. It sounds like you are making investment to go into new counties. I mean, do you see  we have other guys have a year of very fast growth and then they sort of pulled back and sort of consolidate that? Do you see this as sort of a period of time where you think Humana for an extended period of time will grow MA enrollment faster than the market?
Bruce Broussard: Well, I mean we havent given any estimates on that. I think our  we continue to look at our value proposition and our value proposition with stable benefits and in the marketplace seems to continue to resonate well with the consumers. And so we are assuming we will continue to grow in the markets that we have strong density. And we are not adding much in geographic presence. I think what we are talking about is adding more HMO product, which allows us to provide a better product at the end of the day as a result of better quality, better relationships with our provider and in addition a better care model that helps us not only improve peoples health, but at the same time manage the cost. So, we are bullish on Medicare Advantage, because of the out  I think because of what we see in the impact on the healthcare  on the healthcare costs and our value proposition, but we are not going to give you a very specific estimate of what we think our growth is over the coming years.
A. J. Rice - UBS: Okay. Maybe to switch gears on one more question on the exchange and your views about it going into 2015. CMS has put out there this auto enrollment feature and thinking about your membership, does that auto enrollment feature  is that a positive for you going into 2015? If you get a lot of people that end up reenrolling or just give me your thoughts on that proposal and how it might affect you?
Bruce Broussard: I think net-net we look at the auto enrollment as a positive, both in the auto enrollment and to exchanges and continuing that, but in addition, the auto enrollment also offers the enrollment into Medicare Advantage if we choose to that, so it really feeds both sides for us.
Regina Nethery: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial: Good morning. I actually just have a question around the accounting for the 3Rs and $575 million and $775 million it looks like the receivable was $240 million at the end of the quarter. I mean, how much has been  how much of that money has run through the P&L and sort of how are you expecting it to, how do you account for it in the back half of the year in terms of earnings?
Steve McCulley: Yes, I think we have said that through the first half of the year we have recorded $200 million and up $153 million of reinsurance and $87 million between the corridor and risk adjustment, but we also have a payable on our books for the contribution we have to pay into the reinsurance pool of $60 million in our trade accounts payable, but so that number is going to grow mainly as the reinsurance number that grows as we go from now to the end of the year and that number ends up being the $575 million to $775 million. So, when you say P&L, yes, I mean I think that is a stabilization program, so it does go through P&L, the offset of that entry. So, I am not sure if that answers your question.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial: Well, I guess what I am just trying to figure out is that how much has the earnings benefited thus far from that versus whats expected to come in, in the back half of the year?
Steve McCulley: Well, I think it would be the difference between whatever we have accrued year-to-date and the total that we have added to $575 million to $775 million. So, if we look to...
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial: $240 million is flowing through the P&L, right?
Steve McCulley: In the first half of the year, right. So, it would be some amount larger than that in the back half of the year. That gets you to between $575 million and $775 million. Yes, the receivable amount represents the P&L pickup that we get as a result of that program.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of from Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. You laid out a lot of opportunities around the balance sheet in PBM, just wondering if you can help us think about timeframe for decisions, whether we should expect sort of one big decision that intertwines everything or if its likely to be sort of piecemeal? And then along those lines, if you could just talk about MA, your appetite at this point and areas maybe that you would like to strengthen? Thanks.
Brian Kane: This is Brian. Let me take both questions. Well, relative to the timing, I would think of them as really separate processes of PBM from the capital deployment. PBM as Bruce mentioned is going to take some time and we are going to do a thorough analysis of what makes sense from a strategic perspective and from a financial perspective. In fact, if you look at some of the transactions in the industry that have taken place, this is a process that takes a good amount of time. And we are going to take the necessary time to get it right. And so I would say on the capital deployment side, thats something that we are spending a lot of time on as well. I would expect over the coming weeks and months we will have something more to say on that, probably more sooner than we would on the PBM. With regard to MA, I think we are open to what may make sense strategically. I think we think about any kind of transaction that could enhance our Healthcare Services franchise that expands our technology capabilities. We look at different market based acquisitions, if there are opportunities on the MA side. We might think about a Medicaid acquisition if it makes sense from a price perspective and from a capability perspective. And so I think we are pretty open to thinking about our MA strategy here.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Great. Thanks. I guess you are coming into the year, I think there was a lot of questions about whether the rapid enrollment growth is going to create a cost issue and obviously with the Q2 here, you are lowering your retail profitability, but not really because of a cost issue. So I wanted to do two things, if we could, just to understand what you did here on retail. First is, if I am saying this correctly, your new membership is coming on at a high cost but in line with expectation, but your core business is coming in maybe a little bit better, but if you could just kind of dig into those two dynamics of the existing membership versus new membership and what was driving that. And then the second, I dont fully understand why a managed care company would raise their SG&A guidance in sales and marketing costs, I would think that you come into the year, you have a pretty decent idea of what the budget should be. What causes you to go in and then say I am going to spend $20 million more or $30 million more on SG&A marketing at this point of the year versus where you thought you were going to be doing three, four months ago?
Jim Murray: Okay. This is Jim. I will talk about the first question. The first question, was around, I think you are correct, Kevin and that the new members do come in at a higher loss ratio, but we expect that. So they are coming in, they are tracking with kind of what we expected. The existing business is doing well and has been really overachieving, as we talked about investing in the clinical in the last quarter and that continues to track well. I am sorry, I went brain dead for a minute. The growth in the membership that we talked about in the first quarter looks really similar to what we have seen over the last several years. New members generally come in about 500 basis points higher in terms of their overall medical expense ratio. And thats playing itself out, even the Florida membership that some of you have talked about, is playing itself out in that manner. And over time what we see is that because of some of the things we do around the clinical programs as well as documentation relative to some of those newer members, over time they regress to the overall average and that seems on good track. As respects to the marketing spend, I would tell you that over the last several years as we see how we do in the bids in terms of keeping our benefits stable and our premiums stable, and then in October when we see how we look relative to our competition, we have taken the opportunity to expand our spend prudently, because we think that there is a good opportunity for us to grow. And frankly after we got done with our bids this past year and we looked at what played itself out with some of the things we were able to do from a trend vendor perspective, we had a big discussion around the table. And we concluded that the wise thing to do would be to put away an extra amount of money for this year, because we see that there is a good opportunity for us to grow again next year. And I know that might make some of you crazy, but I think its the right thing to ultimately do. We want to grow each and every year with Medicare. There is a tremendous opportunity with the aging population and so thats what we want to try to accomplish.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: I think we want to see you grow, I guess the question is in my mind that I was struggling with was just higher marketing spend signals something negative and that you feel like your benefits arent as good as others, and therefore you need to do more marketing to get that membership or if its  it sounds like you are saying its opportunistic, and that you think you are doing better for now, so now its just time to really ramp-up.
Jim Murray: Yes, if there were a major message that I were a single that I would take from this is that we feel pretty good about our ability to grow next year, and its frankly a good sign.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Alright. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. I just wanted to follow-up on the comments just on the small group margin compression that you are seeing from the transitional policies, I am just interested how much of a headwind you think this may be going into 2015, given that those transitional policies were extended. And then, Jim Murray, I know that you gave sort of a survey of the landscape on exchange in individual pricing that you are seeing, I am just wondering if you can do the same for us just on the small group with all the rate filings that have come out and what looks to be some pretty modest proposed increases in a number of the markets for us, small group for 2015? Thanks.
Jim Murray: Yes. Obviously, the transitional costs that Brian spoke to earlier was disappointing, because he had taken a shot of what we thought the impact was going to be and it turned out to be higher. The good thing about that, as many of you know, is that the small group block renews ratably over the course of the year. And so as we are seeing that issue play itself out, we are able to do some things with our pricing. There will probably be a little bit of a nick relative to what we thought six months ago in terms of what the small group line of business could produce in terms of profitability, because this was a little bit of a higher number than we anticipated. But we think that we can recover nicely from that. As respects the competitive environment that exists in the small group space, we are growing very nicely in small group in spite of the fact that we are seeing  this was a kind of a neat dynamic that we are learning that about 5,000 of our small group members are transitioning into our HumanaOne offerings each and every quarter. And so in spite of the fact that some of the small group employers are beginning to shift some of their thinking around providing coverages and moving their employees to the exchange population, small group continues to grow nicely. And so the competitive landscape in small group looks okay to us right now. That could change, but I feel pretty good about that as we speak today.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: Getting back to the exchange products that you have, do you plan to offer Platinum products next year. And then, why do you expect to not see your enrollment shrink on the exchanges, if you are going to have to pass-through price increases to cover what is fairly large reinsurance thats going to go away over the next couple of years?
Jim Murray: Again, this is Jim. Everybody will have to pass-through reinsurance costs. We are not any different than anybody else as respects reinsurance. We have a $45,000 attachment point. Everybody will have to have reinsurance as part of their pricing and some of what they experience, so each and every one of our competitors will have to put the wind down of reinsurance into their pricing. So thats not anything different than any of our competition. As respects to the Platinum products, we have looked at what is developing with the Platinum products. In prior earnings calls I have talked about one of the large national actuarial firms talking about some of the risk adjustment mechanics that favor some of the folks who are chronically ill, and our Platinum product philosophy and strategy seems to be playing itself out just as we had anticipated in terms of the risk adjustment mechanism, as well as the reinsurance that supports the program. And so yes, we will continue to offer the Platinum programs. Part of the reason that we offer the Platinum I said earlier is, this aging channel for us in the Medicare space and it sets up nicely for us for the folks who are aging into the Medicare as well as we feel pretty good about our clinical chassis or capabilities as an organization and we are levering those for those folks who are chronically ill. And we think that there is a nice pricing dynamic that favors us as we focused on that Platinum product offering. And we think its playing itself out very nicely.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: Yes, but that gets to my point, because if you are getting more of the chronically ill and sicker people in the Platinum product, you would have more reinsurance. So, you have more to recover, because the reinsurance dynamic goes away in a couple of years?
Jim Murray: And that was the part of our pricing philosophy. Each and every one of our metal tiers had different philosophies relative to the amount of the reinsurance that is going to wind itself down. It wasnt averaged over the four tiers, it was ratable based upon the Platinum and we have put pricing on the Street relative to our Platinum offerings and we feel pretty good about how it positions us.
Bruce Broussard: I think the important point on the Platinum side is one of the capabilities of the organization is really to treat chronic members. You have seen this in the Medicare Advantage area. Now, you are seeing us take that same strategy over to the exchanges. The Platinum product does attract more chronic oriented members there, but what we are seeing both in the pricing and the analysis of the reinsurance is that the risk adjustment that is applied to those chronic members is actually helping in being able to make a solid offering, both because of the risk adjustment, but also because of our clinical capabilities in what  how we treat chronic members.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then on your  the rest of your commercial enrollment, can you talk about what you expect to see for 2015, I think we probably lost a sizable ASO account and talked about, if you would, what you are expecting for the overall book given whats going on with the small group and the ASO book?
Jim Murray: Sure. Part of our strategy as an organization that we aligned around last year was that over time in our group business, we ultimately want to focus on smaller case sizes from anywhere from 10 to 1000 in terms of the individual businesses that we insure. And so over time, you will see us continue to lose some of our self-funded business. I think we currently have I am going to guesstimate somewhere around 1 million or so self-funded larger companies that we provide services to. We are going to continue to price that business to make a profit. When we do that we are going to lose some of the business just like the one that you just referenced in the State of Kentucky. That book of business for us as many of you have known who have talked with us over the years on a fully loaded basis loses money. So, we are going to wind that down over time and shift our focus to fully insured case sizes, again, that are in the 10 to 1000 space. Where we think we can make a little bit more money and that seems to be playing itself out nicely in terms of some of the fully insured growth that we are seeing as an organization in those case sizes. We are losing some large fully insured cases, which also lose money, but you will see that happen over time and we will reposition the group block towards those  what we have referred to as our sweet spot.
Regina Nethery: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen: Seeing that as much as 25% of the 8 million folks that are currently on the public exchange cant have their eligibility verified because of immigration of tax matters and so the public exchange membership still moving around. Is that your sense as well or do you feel you have a real handle on exactly what you have got in terms of public exchange enrollment?
Steve McCulley: Hey, Christine, this is Steve. I think we feel like we have a good handle on what we have. Obviously, we have only  we are acknowledging members that have paid their premiums and we have collected their premiums. So, I am not aware of any significant gap that we have.
Jim Murray: We have looked at how much membership we think will term over the course of the next year. I think we have been kind of conservative in terms of our term estimates, because this is a block of business that we are not as familiar with. But it seems like each month that through the first five months that we grew membership, about 75% to 80% of those folks paid their premiums and they continue to pay their premiums. And so we are learning more about the block over time, but as it respects to immigration status, I am not as familiar with things like that.
Christine Arnold - Cowen: And can you update us on your thoughts with respect to the Concentra Workers Comp business? Thanks.
Jim Murray: Concentras Workers Comp business right now is doing very well relative to some of the targets that they have established for themselves. They are doing some nice things in terms of rate increases. The volumes that we are seeing on a regular basis are up slightly from where they were last year. But again, Concentra is a very small component of our overall book of business as an organization and as many of you have heard us talk over the last several months and quarters, some of what we are trying to do with that Concentra asset is to shift its focus more towards primary care as opposed to workers compensation and occupational medicine. And we are in the process of doing that, but the base business is performing well, but again, its a small component of our overall results as a company.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just broadly speaking, I just want to confirm that I got your release right in that apart from the prior development Hep C costs and then for retail the public exchanges, the base business is performing well, you think? And is the MLR issue on both  or the deterioration is perhaps relative to consensus more, because of prior development in Hep C and probably more than PPD?
Steve McCulley: Hey, this is Steve. Let me see if I have your question right. So the  you are correct, we did have lower prior period development in the quarter compared to last years second quarter. And that was really due to the fact that we paid a few retro claims for a number of issues. So, that suppressed our PPD into 2Q relative to maybe prior quarters. So, when you adjust the MLRs for that at both 1Q and 2Q, then the MLRs trend pretty comparably sequentially. So, I think that accounts for that, but you are correct, the base business is doing well. It continues to do well. The base Medicare business is doing well. And was there another question in there?
Jim Murray: The only thing that I would add to what Ana has talked about was that we also in the first quarter shared with the folks that we were going to invest $0.40 to $0.50 to invest in our clinical programs to set us up nicely for 2015. And then we grew pretty significantly probably 150,000 more MA members that we had anticipated and they come in at a higher MER, which although we are very pleased with the way they are developing. It does add a little bit of pressure to get it, but I guess its a good  its a high-class problem to have.
Steve McCulley: Good points. So, Ana, I think you are right. The Hep C is putting pressure on the benefit ratio like we said before as well as lower PPD. And what Jim just mentioned the investment in clinical also that we talked to last quarter was also in there.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners: And on the PPD, you said it was for several kind of issues, is it sort of a systemic thing you think that will carry forward to next year?
Jim Murray: No, it wasnt. There was some changes with respect to how we paced some  so market will change around some low volume hospitals and we reprocessed some old claims for that. There was another issue that caused us to reprocess small claims, not big dollars, $7 million or $8 million here and there. On the  over in the group side, we did process some higher  some transplant claims that went back to the fourth quarter that were a little higher than normal, but nothing major just that they all were all added up to a little bit and it shows itself in our lower PPD in 2Q, but that wouldnt  wouldnt expect it to continue going forward or be anything systemic.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners: Thanks. Thats very helpful.
Jim Murray: Thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Carl McDonald with Citigroup.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup: Great, thanks. So, I was kind of estimating last quarter that the risk adjustment assumption for the individual business was maybe around $175 million, $0.60 a share. It sounded like your strategy at that point or the thought around it was that the big incumbents like the blues would pickup a lot on the healthier members and then new entrants like yourselves would pickup the less healthy members. Since then a number of the blues have come out and talked about worse than expected risk status on exchange, losing money, etcetera. So, do you think that  do you think the theory still holds that you guys will pickup, you picking up sicker members?
Steve McCulley: I think I will try that first and then Jim you can weigh in. This is Steve. Again, what we look at is the amount of our new business as a percentage in a state, because the risk adjustment is done by state. So, the percentage of ours that is  that hasnt been previously underwritten versus other plans will as they look at their block at their larger and they have been in the marketplace for a long time that they will have a higher percentage of their existing block that had been previously underwritten. What we said for the full year of the $775 million, that 75% of that was reinsurance. So 25% of that number was the risk adjustment and the risk corridor combined. So and again, whatever we  if we were to estimate today that the risk adjustment was going to be $100 million and it turned out to be something different, it would really just interplay with the risk corridor 80% of that. So there is kind of a governor on how far off we could be around that because the risk corridor at the end of the day that kind of sweeps everything in. So I dont think we are concerned. We have made  we believe we have made some reasonable estimates around the risk adjustment for the full year, but we dont think we have a lot of exposure for being wrong on that because of the way  the risk corridor is just a calculation, its a math calculation, it doesnt really involve an estimate.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup: Got it. Are you saying the individual business is unprofitable enough relative to your expectations that the risk corridor will offset a piece of it?
Steve McCulley: Yes. So as we talked earlier in the year we have an investment in the exchanges this year and thats whats causing that to happen, and the 3Rs mitigate a fair amount of that. And as we price through 15 and 16, we expect to overcome that. And relative to the comment that you made about how we will be a net receiver of risk adjustment versus a net payer, again we talked last time about sophisticated models. We have looked at them at the blues plans in the markets that we participate in and their share relative to our share. And we feel pretty comfortable that because they had a significant amount of underwritten business that some element of that underwritten business in those spaces where they had heavy share went into the exchange population and would offset what we have in terms of our smaller share in those light states. And so we continue to feel pretty comfortable with the methodology that we have used to calculate the risk adjustment calculations. And then to somebodys earlier point, the Platinum offerings that we have offered create some of that risk adjustment receivables that Steve referenced.
Regina Nethery: And this is Regina. Just as a reminder we are not statewide in the states either as opposed to some of the blues are clearly more broad-based in their geographic presence.
Jim Murray: And then maybe speaking to their original estimates as opposed to where they are today, so. I think that was the last question, is that correct Regina?
Regina Nethery: That is correct.
Bruce Broussard - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we appreciate everyone support and I thought it would be helpful maybe just to summarize a few aspects about where Humana is. I first have to say that the Medicare membership growth as you look at it this year was a concern of the investors starting in late fall of last year. And I think the organization has proven that its clinical capabilities can not only overcome the rate reductions that have happened as a result of Medicare, the cuts, but in addition has been able to handle the Medicare  significant Medicare growth. I know that was a question and a concern for the investors and hopefully you take that away this second quarter. Secondarily the duals are on target. From a utilization point of view, we are a little far behind, not because of our execution but because of the state delays. But we continue to be a big believer in that business as each one of you know, its a $300 billion business and its going to be a large growth sector for the organization and our participation in that leverages our chronic capabilities and our ability to take care of members that are in need of health treatment. Our exchange growth was strong this year as evident by our growth and from our base business we have set a goal to breakeven in 2015, during 2015 and we also are very conscious of working through the phase out of the 2Rs and our strategy reflects both to have a profitable business that is at market rate margins and at the same time to be able to not be dependent on the 2Rs as they phase out. In addition, the investors have constantly questioned us about our capital structure and the efficiency of our capital this quarter, we have outlined that we are taking that under advisement and we are reviewing both the PBM and the efficiency of the PBM as it is structured today as an in-house PBM and can we find other ways to make that more efficient. And then in addition, as Brian articulate, we are also focusing on the capital structure and how we can adjust that. We have a very positive outlook and as we look at the feature for the organization and Medicare specifically as the rate reductions from ACA are phasing out. And we think that there will be more clarity over time in the Medicare rates going forward. In result, we are investing this year in 2014 and that is being reflected in our forecast for the remaining year why we are not over performing but meeting expectations as we think that our membership growth, the clarity of 2014 is a good base to build from and it allows us to also invest in clinical marketing programs to set us out for 2015. So in closing, we thank everyone for their support. We appreciate you guys on a quarterly basis of being an investor in the organization. And we look for your support in the coming quarters and like always you always we couldnt do this without thanking our 54,000 associates that are dedicated to both our success but our members success. So thank you. And everyone have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for joining the second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Bruce D. Broussard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Steven E. McCulley - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew T. Tom - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Andrew V. McQuilling - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now hand today's call over to Regina Nethery. Please go ahead.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our first quarter results and our updated earnings outlook for 2014. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve McCulley, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Steve for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share, or EPS, in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported first quarter earnings per share of $2.35, with solid performance in our Medicare Advantage, commercial group and government business. These results are indicative of the power of our Integrated Care Delivery strategy, clinical excellence through coordinated care. Medicare beneficiaries are benefiting from the progress in our clinical programs through benefit stability and plans with increasing higher-quality ratings, all in a rate reduction environment. Individual Medicare Advantage growth during the recent enrollment season was particularly strong, with membership up 13% from the end of last year, as we are able to offer reasonably stable levels of member premiums and benefits. Though some investors have expressed concern over this level of growth, we believe our ability to enroll our members into clinical programs in a timely manner helps ensure we are assisting members with their health needs. We've been closely monitoring admissions, program participation and pharmacy experience for our new members. And to this point, we are very pleased and satisfied across our Medicare Advantage business as a whole and for our Florida regional PPO. Our integrated delivery model is differentiating Humana by putting customers first with a goal of making it easy for them to achieve their best health. A key element of this is creating a trusting and engaging relationship with beneficiaries we serve as quickly as we can. In the first quarter of 2014, we completed health risk assessments for approximately 531,000 of our Medicare members and nearly 8,000 individual commercial members. Further, our sophisticated predictive models have identified approximately 100,000 of our members as potential candidates for the Humana Care Chronic Program or our Personal Nurse Program. All of this has helped to drive a 31% year-over-year increase in new members in our Humana Chronic Care Program. This program is one of our strongest examples of clinical excellence through care coordination. Our strategy also continues to enable us to partially offset the negative impact to our members from the ongoing Medicare rate cuts from CMS. Turning then to the Medicare rates for 2015. We had initially estimated the impact of the final rate notice issued in early April to be a funding decline of 3%. After further analysis, we now anticipate funding to be down approximately 2%. Regardless, it's still a funding cut in an environment of increasing medical cost. As always, our Medicare bids, product pricing and benefit design are currently being developed with the goal of achieving our target margin of approximately 5% in the aggregate for all our Medicare products, while minimizing disruption for Medicare beneficiaries. We anticipate sharing more detail around this later in the year after our bids are filed and approved by CMS. But at this point, we do expect the products we offer in 2015 will continue to integrate clinical excellence through coordinated care. Thus, enhancing the consumer experience while promoting wellness. Our focus on enhancing the coordination of our clinical processes continues to provide solid returns on investments we've made. We now expect to increase those investments by another $100 million to $150 million during 2014, helping position Humana for expanding growth opportunities in a challenging funding environment. This additional investment has been incorporated in the reaffirmation of our guidance we shared with you this morning and generally represents the scaling of the clinical capabilities we've discussed in the past. Our Part D offerings are facing a challenge this year from the cost of specialty drugs to treat hepatitis C. Although we had anticipated some level of hepatitis C spend in the year, due to a faster approval process and accelerated level of awareness, the impact of these drugs has come sooner and is more significant than we planned. In the first quarter of 2014, we incurred approximately $20 million of expense related to these specialty drugs, net of risk share with CMS. The vast majority of this was for our Medicare Advantage and PDP membership. We believe health plans across the sector will be taking higher hepatitis C specialty drug costs into account for 2015 product pricing. We are also watching closely the potential roll-out of similar drugs later this year, since we expect that could result in another wave of utilization. Our current forecast for 2014 anticipates specialty drug costs will stay at an accelerated level throughout the year. Turning now to health-care exchanges. Since we spoke to you last quarter, we are pleased to experience a growing number of applications, which has led us to raise our HumanaOne growth expectations to a range of 350,000 to 500,000 in 2014. A large portion of this raise expectation took place as the open enrollment period was coming to an end. This higher projected membership is allowing us to lower our estimated health care exchange investment spending as we leverage our operating platform across a bigger base. Steve will elaborate on this further in his comments. With the open enrollment period now complete, we can begin to evaluate how certain our original pricing assumptions are playing out, recognizing that it is still very early and our claims experience for this population has yet to develop fully. The mix of our on-exchange enrollment appears to validate our original pricing assumptions and, as we anticipate and price for, it's skewed slightly to a younger population than the industry as a whole. Our pricing assumptions around our original expected growth and the participation of previously underwritten individuals have been negatively impacted by a number of factors, including the administration's transitional policy changes. We are in the process of evaluating early pharmacy claims and other forms of medical data to evaluate the overall health conditions of our new-member base. Our original -- although our original pricing assumptions were negatively impacted by the factors I've just discussed, we continue to believe the overall health condition of our health care exchange membership approximates our estimate from 90 days ago. We remain cautious not to get ahead of ourselves in our interpretation of this data and are continuing to watch medical claims development for this population but are not seeing any deterioration from our expectations over the past 90 days. So in summary, we believe that our integrated care delivery strategy is continuing to position us for success. We are growing membership across a number of fronts without compromising on pricing discipline. The roll-out of our state-based contracts is moving along well, and we continue to evaluate ways to apply our clinical model to this expanding book of business. While it is still early in the year, we are encouraged by the indicators we continue to monitor and feel confident in our ability to achieve earnings per share in the range of $7.25 to $7.75 for 2014. Before I close, I want to also spend a moment on our recent CFO announcement. Let me begin by thanking Steve McCulley for his diligence and dedication while acting as interim CFO. Steve has a strong command of our operations and breadth of accounting expertise. I look forward to continuing to have Steve as part of the management team that sets strategic direction for the company in his role as Principal Accounting Officer. Brian Kane will be joining us as CFO June 1, and brings financial and strategic breadth to the role that will nicely complement Steve's operational depth. I look forward to having Brian join our leadership team. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve for a review of our financials.
Steven E. McCulley: Thanks, Bruce. Looking briefly at our first quarter results, we are pleased to report earnings per share of $2.35 that reflected solid results in our Medicare Advantage, commercial group and government businesses. These results reflect, in large part, the impact of strong membership growth in our Medicare Advantage business, as well as favorable utilization trends and favorable prior-period development in both our Medicare Advantage and Commercial group businesses, which contributed to the improved benefit ratios in both our Retail and Employer Group segments. Additionally, we have increased our outlook for membership growth for our Medicare Advantage, PDP and individual exchange businesses, as noted in this morning's press release. With respect to pre-tax results, our Healthcare Services segment reported a meaningful increase in pre-tax income over last year's first quarter, due to a higher contribution from the Pharmacy Solutions and home-based services businesses, which serve our growing Medicare Advantage membership. Our Employer Group segment also increased its pre-tax income relative to last year, reflecting a lower benefit ratio that was partially offset by a somewhat higher operating cost ratio, which now includes the taxes and fees associated with the Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, including the health insurer fee. These improvements in Healthcare Services and Employer Group segment pre-tax income were offset by a decline in retail segment pre-tax income year-over-year, as utilization levels were more than offset -- as lower utilization levels were more than offset by planned investment spending associated with our state-based contracts expansion and the exchanges, as well as the negative impact of higher-than-expected drug costs in our Part D benefits. These higher drug costs were driven primarily by hepatitis C treatments, which are expected to continue through the remainder of the year. Despite these higher drug costs and the impact of the new health-care exchange membership, our Retail Segment benefit ratio still improved by 60 basis points compared to prior year, driven by better-than-expected utilization in our Medicare Advantage business during the quarter. You may also recall that prior year pre-tax results in our Medicare business also had benefited from the absence of the impact of sequestration, which was implemented effective April 1 last year. The year-over-year increase in the retail segment operating cost ratio reflected investments in our state-based contracts and exchanges, along with the ACA taxes and fees, including the health-insurer fee. So to summarize the first quarter, we are again pleased with the improving utilization in our Medicare Advantage business and the strong underlying performance of our other businesses, and believe that our continued progress positions us well as we move through 2014 and beyond. Turning to the next slide. This chart details the items that impacted our updated outlook, starting at the left of the slide. We now see 4 primary items impacting our initial guidance for EPS of $7.25 to $7.75 per share, which included planned investment spending of $0.50 to $0.90 per share in our state-based contracts expansion in the individual exchanges. First, given strong performance of our underlying core businesses, we now expect to recognize $0.70 to $0.85 per share of net operational improvements for the full year that we had not expected in our previous guidance. This range includes improvements in medical trends and utilization in our Medicare Advantage business, along with cost savings from our ongoing productivity efforts. We believe that our improving Medicare Advantage medical trend continues to demonstrate the value of our clinical model in creating a long-term value in a challenging business environment. Second, based on drug cost trends we are seeing, primarily around hepatitis C drug costs, an expectation for progression of these treatments among our member population, we expect to recognize $0.40 to $0.50 of net incremental expense from our previous guidance related to hepatitis C for the full year. As you would expect, we are actively managing our approach to treatment of this disease and will continue to respond appropriately to developments as clinical protocols continue to evolve and as further treatment options come to the market. Third, our outlook around the health-care exchanges has improved, and we now expect to recognize $0.10 to $0.15 per share of improvement relative to the original estimate of $0.50 to $0.90 of investment spending for our state-based contracts expansion and individual exchange businesses. This brings our current expectation for spending in these areas to $0.40 to $0.75 per share. This improved outlook reflects the benefits of our increased membership and revenue outlook for the individual exchanges, which leverages our operating platform. Finally, as Bruce discussed, given the ongoing and demonstrated success of our clinical model, we are investing an additional $0.40 to $0.50 per share for incremental clinical investments, which will better position us for the 2015 rate cuts. So taken together, these items leave our overall earnings guidance unchanged in the $7.25 to $7.75 per share range, which, as I discussed, includes less investment spending for our individual exchange business due to improving scale and incremental clinical investments. As we've discussed before, we expect all of our investments to position us competitively and further strengthen our long-term growth prospects. And as usual, this range allows for some level of variability in our planned investment spending and any normal fluctuation that may occur in our core businesses. We look forward to updating you when we report our second quarter results in late July. Turning next to cash flow. We produced strong operating cash flow for the quarter of $671 million, which compares to $412 million last year. As we discussed last quarter, the effect of the 3Rs will impact the timing of our operating cash flows for the full year. At the end of March, we had established a receivable of $54 million related to the 3Rs. And by year-end, we now expect to build a total receivable of $575 million to $775 million that will be collected in 2015, the majority of which is expected to be driven by the reinsurance provisions of the ACA. This range is higher than our previous expectations, due primarily to higher exchange enrollment. We have accordingly revised our 2014 operating cash flow guidance to a range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion to reflect this updated expectation. As I mentioned in our last earnings call, receivables or payables associated with the 3Rs should not have a significant impact on subsidiary surplus or subsidiary dividend capacity. As usual at this time of year, we have submitted our request to the state department of insurance that regulate our various insurance companies and have requested a total of approximately 930 million of subsidiary dividends. As you may be aware, the approval process for dividends is subject to additional uncertainties this year due to the treatment of the ACA's industry fee by the departments of insurance. Accordingly, we don't expect to have approval of all of our dividend requests until later this month, after we have filed our first quarter statutory financial statements. Today, we have received approval for over 40% of our total requests. As always, we will keep you apprised when our dividend requests are approved and finalized. Finally, as announced in our separate press release last week, the Board of Directors has increased our quarterly cash dividend to $0.28 per share. Additionally, as announced today, the Board has also refreshed our $1 billion share repurchase program through June 30, 2016. Consistent with the previous authorization, the refreshed repurchase authorization permits shares to be purchased from time to time at prevailing prices in the open market by block purchase or in privately negotiated transactions. So with that, we will open up the lines for your questions. In fairness to those waiting in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It looks to me like you're projecting that you're going to get much -- a much greater portion of your earnings this year in the first quarter than you normally do. So does that -- why are we seeing such a different seasonal pattern for you this year? If -- Part D was bigger, so that should've depressed your Q1. And instead, you had very strong Q1 earnings. Sequestration should have depressed your Q1 earnings relative to the rest of the year, year-over-year. So can you tell us sort of why you're seeing this different seasonal pattern than you had in the past?
Steven E. McCulley: Sure, Peter. This is Steve. I think -- first, I think if you took -- if you looked at last year and you adjusted for the long-term care charge in the fourth quarter, we earned around a little over 30% of our earnings in the first quarter. And I think if you take this year and you do the same math, you get to a comparable number. But still, you're -- I think the difference is -- what I would also throw in there is that the hepatitis C impact is largely in front of us in the remainder of the year. So a lot of that lies ahead. So that'll put some pressure on the remainder of the year relative to the rest, as long -- as well as the duals in the investment and the duals that also continues to run between now and the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to go into the 3R number that you booked here. It just seems like a large number. Am I thinking about it right if I say that at $675 million, it's half of your retail operating income? Is there -- that number just seems large. Can you put that into context for me? And I know that, I think, last quarter you said the same thing that the majority of it is related to reinsurance. But at least from that answer last year, if felt like it was more like 60% than 90%. Any sense of -- or better clarity you can give us about how much is actually reinsurance versus risk corridors?
Steven E. McCulley: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. This is Steve. The -- it is mostly reinsurance. So more than half is the reinsurance. And that's going to move up just with volumes. So -- as we've added a lot -- as we've increased our membership estimates, that number has moved up commensurate with that. And that shouldn't -- the thing about the reinsurance number is that, that number gets larger as we go through the year. It's not -- it'll accumulate. So -- but I wouldn't expect us to be a lot different on a per member basis around the reinsurance than the other carriers. Maybe the risk selection affects that to a degree. But we're just -- we're trying to give as much disclosure as we can around what we see. And, again, I think it's mainly reinsurance driven. So I would just leave it at that.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But I guess, I mean, just the size of it is surprising to me in the context of the Retail business. Wasn't sure if you could -- is that the right way to think about it? And I guess, then -- the implication would be, well, how do you reprice that business over time as the reinsurance numbers and coverage comes down over the next couple of years? Does that imply a big raise in pricing?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, to Steve's point. It's really a math exercise. We've looked at other of our commercial blocks of business, and we've seen that level of claims experience above the reinsurance attachment point, and we've applied that here. We are pricing for 2015 for the wear off of the reinsurance benefit that winds down over a period of time. So inherent in our 2015 pricing is the fact that, that reinsurance number is going to go down over time. So when we talk about our pricing for '15, we can see pricing levels anywhere in the single digits to the double digits. And a big part of that double-digit drive is a result of the reinsurance wear-off.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Question relates to the Medicare Advantage growth. It seems like you guys have gotten a little more comfort on the medical cost trends are coming in a little bit favorable this year. We now know the final rates for 2015, your bonus stars, et cetera, so I guess, obviously, the missing piece is the competition and what others do. But I'm just curious if you can give us sort of preliminary thoughts on '15 in terms of membership growth. Should we be thinking about something similar to what you've been able to show? Or is there a cumulative impact to some of the benefit changes that you have to make and we should start expecting a slowdown in membership?
Bruce D. Broussard: We're just in the midst of our bid process here in estimating 2015 rates. And I think it would be premature to talk about our membership growth for '15, Josh.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So maybe, Bruce, let me ask it a different way then. Longer-term, forgetting just specifically the next year, but as you think about the benefit design changes that you have to make relative to this underfunding that you've mentioned several times, do you still think that Medicare Advantage growth rates should be significantly above population growth in the Medicare book? It's, say, 3% over the next couple of years. As you think about the next 5 or 10 years, do you think that, that -- your membership growth will continue to outpace that overall market growth?
Bruce D. Broussard: We've said in the past that we do believe that Medicare Advantage, for a host of reasons, will continue to grow faster than the population. We see penetration historically growing even in times of rate reductions from CMS. And I think it's evidence of the population preferences and how they have changed over time. And then, secondarily, I think Medicare Advantage, because of the improved quality, the clinical programs and the integrated delivery model, offers a much better value than fee-for-service. So we do see it growing greater than that. I think year-to-year changes in market share and where we grow or our competitors grow faster, is really, I think, a result of clinical programs. And as I've said on many occasions, the differentiation in the marketplace is who's got the best clinical programs and can offer and really improve the experience in the clinical aspects of the member. And we're biased, and we think Humana today is the leader in that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Andrew T. Tom - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Andrew Tom in for Justin. Can you give us a breakdown of the $100 million to $150 million of incremental clinical investments and where that spend is going specifically?
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. Obviously, we grew fairly significantly. So we're going to hire a bunch of clinicians in a lot of the programs that have been beneficial for us. The one program that we talk quite a bit about is in the home-care services, where we put nurses in front of seniors who need our support services to maintain themselves in their home. And that's been a very effective program for the seniors to maintain themselves in their home environment, as well as for us, because what we're doing is deferring or eliminating an ultimate hospitalization or a nursing home space. So that's a big area of focus. Other things we're focused on doing are looking at some remote monitoring kinds of tools and techniques to help us with those kinds of chronic programs. We're also looking at the engagement levels of some of the individuals who participate in our programs. And we're working with the folks in our Centers of Excellence to try to develop ways to get more people to participate. And so we'll spend some money in that regard. Really, again, focused primarily on hiring clinicians in a lot of areas that are around our integrated model and having us focus on root cause as opposed to the ultimate event around a hospitalization or a nursing home business and shifting the way that we think as an organization. And I think that's been paying some dividends. And when we get the opportunity to invest in those kinds of things, we're going to take it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Going back to the 3Rs, I know you said that more than half is the reinsurance piece. But I was hoping you can give us how much of the receivable relates to the -- your estimate of the risk corridor. And are you concerned at all with sort of the budget neutrality aspect and actually getting paid for that piece?
Steven E. McCulley: Thanks. This is Steve. Probably the smallest amount will be the risk corridor in the full year that we look -- as we look at the full year. In the quarter, we recorded $54 million for the 3, and about $13 million of that was risk corridor. We don't -- with the budget neutrality, there's -- we don't see any problem with that, certainly for 2014, because CMS, number one, they believe that there are sufficient funds to pay all the risk corridors currently. And to the -- I guess, there is, theoretically, a possibility that down the road in '15 or '16, there could be -- if there's a shortfall, we would contemplate that when we think that, that comes into play. But for 2014, we're very comfortable that the risk corridors are appropriate to record.
Bruce D. Broussard: And that's a small component of the number that we...
Steven E. McCulley: It is.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: When you say small, is it under 10%, 5%? Just any range.
Steven E. McCulley: Probably, for the -- I would say, 15% to 20%, 10% to 20%, maybe, something like that.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And the way the math works is pretty simple. It's just, if you didn't get paid for that, it would just be 10% to 15% of that receivable brought to the bottom line would sort of be an earnings impact? Is that the way to think about it if we want to just sort of take that stance?
Steven E. McCulley: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you just maybe talk us through the factors that drive your confidence on the medical trend for Medicare Advantage this year recognizing, obviously, a good start to the year? I'm just wondering what you're looking at that makes you feel confident that better-than-expected trend will be the theme for the full year.
Bruce D. Broussard: Sure, the admission rates that we're seeing are very, very favorable, not only for the first quarter, but they continue into the second quarter. Some people have said, "Well, gosh, that's because there was such a bad winter." But I would point out that most of our Medicare membership is in the Southwest and the Southeast and, in particular, Florida. We don't have a tremendous amount of Medicare members in the Northeast. So our admission rates are very, very favorable, we believe, in large part, because of some of the clinical programs investments that we're making. We're looking at pharmacy information and what's happening from a generic use rate perspective and a mail order use rate perspective. And that's very solid. The number of people that are getting enrolled in all of the programs that we're constantly evaluating is increasing. The predictive modeling tools that we develop that identify folks faster and give us the opportunity to have a conversation with them are working better. So a lot of the things that Bruce has shared with you many, many, many times in the past seem to be creating a fairly favorable utilization environment. So we feel pretty good about that and that's why we took the step of wanting to invest more so that we set ourselves up better for the future.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Fantastic. Let me just ask one other question, if I could, which is back to the commercial side and the 3Rs. Just so I understand, in the risk corridors, I thought the way it was going to work was it was going to be budget neutral, so that regardless to how much money HHS has, if there was a net -- more net deficit than surplus across all of the plans in the exchanges and all of the individual market, that HHS would make a proportional cut to the amount of recoveries that the plans would get. Is that a misunderstanding?
Steven E. McCulley: No, I think that's true over the course of the entire 3 years, Matt. So -- but they would take -- if there was a net deficit in 2014, then they would take proceeds from the '15 and move it in and settle up '14, so you don't really get -- you wouldn't get into a collection issue until further into their program if that persist. Do you see what I'm saying? Does that make sense?
Bruce D. Broussard: Matt, just to carry on that conversation. Keep in mind, one of the reasons why we're in this circumstance is as a result of the transitional policy that was decided by the administration around the underwriting and people being able to keep their own plan. So as we think about this and what it's impacting in 2014, and taking dollars from 2015 to '14, it really is a result of that policy change that's driving some of the circumstances we're in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald with Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was looking to get the starting point to think about for 2015 earnings. And so the 2 questions I would have would be, would you view the $0.40 to $0.50 of new investments in clinical programs as onetime or recurring? And then, secondarily, any onetime benefit with a favorable development or anything else that you'd call out as being unusual similar to the, I think, it was the $0.45 that you highlighted when you gave the 2014 guidance?
Steven E. McCulley: Carl, this is Steve. On the clinical investments, we -- the way I think about those is they're recurring, but there's -- there'll also be recurring benefits that go with those 2. So when you looked at the waterfall slide that we presented, the first one was a favorable item of $0.70 to $0.85. A lot of that was due to the investments we made in the prior year in those same -- in similar programs. So yes, we will continue to invest in the clinical program but there'll also continue to be a benefit from that.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then anything from a favorable development perspective that you'd call out?
Steven E. McCulley: No, it was -- it's too early to tell. I think in the first quarter, we had a little more than we expected. We'll see how the rest of the year plays out. And as we get further into the year and see how the rest of it -- see how the full year plays out and we give 2015 guidance, we'll update you at that time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Retail earnings guidance was lowered, but MLR was maintained. So I just want to make sure I understand the moving pieces. You just mentioned admissions were down, but MLR guidance was held flat. So I want to understand if the delta there was solely Sovaldi or if there was anything going on, on the acuity side or price per admit side. And then, since MLR was flat, it implies SG&A went up. So I just want to make sure that's just the investment spend and nothing else is moving around in your assumption.
Steven E. McCulley: I think that's right, Sarah. I think the only -- and I'm assuming you're talking about the retail segment, specifically. If that's the case, then what you would have in there is improvement in the MA trends. And you would have then the hepatitis C and the higher drug costs and those things are all kind of moving around in the benefit ratio ranges that we give in aggregate. So nothing really else happening there.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got it. And what about the new members coming in? Is there anything that you could spike out on how they differ from your existing book?
Bruce D. Broussard: Are we talking about Medicare new members or...
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, the Medicare members.
James E. Murray: No, the Medicare members that we've gotten because of the significant growth that we experienced, we've been doing a lot of evaluations to make sure that nothing negative lurked out. And we've talked in the past about how when a member comes in, in the first year, they're probably a little bit less profitable, so to speak, than some of our existing membership. And they look fairly consistent with what we've seen in the past. They are getting into programs a lot faster than what had, had been happening in the past. So that will allow the beneficial effect of some of what happens in year 2 and 3 to accelerate. But nothing significantly different with the new members that came in here in '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe just as, I know on the investment spending away from the clinical initiatives, you -- it looks like you probably reduced that about $0.10 to $0.15 in the EPS impact. And I know that was mainly targeted at exchanges and dual programs. What's sort of changing there? Is that run rate of $0.40 to $0.75 now more firm or is there still movement there? And does it say anything about your 2015 exchange outlook, I guess?
Steven E. McCulley: A.J., this is Steve. Yes, just to reiterate your question, the improvement from prior to now, the $0.10 to $0.15, is all a result of having more membership in the exchanges and increasing our revenue there, which allows us to get more scale over our operating platform, which is a good thing. So we are pleased with that. And I do think that's beneficial for 2015 because there is a scale issue that you have to reach in order to make this business work for us. And so I think we feel better about 2015 now than previously in terms of that business. In the duals and the exchanges, really not a lot has changed since last time. So I wouldn't point to anything. We continue to build that out and look forward to what happens between now and the end of the year. But -- and then, it's too early to give 2015 guidance, but I would say that we look for both those investments this year to benefit us going forward?
Bruce D. Broussard: A.J., on the exchange side, just to add to Steve's comments. One of the large assumptions that's going to have to be vetted out is going to be the rate increases because that's really going to determine how this business transitions from the -- to ours, the risk adjustment -- I mean, the risk corridors and the reinsurance to an ongoing business. And I think it's going to be important as we work with the states and the federal government on the rate increases over the next few years, and we're just beginning that process. So our outlook is that the membership is growing. And I think the membership will continue to grow in 2015. We feel that we're gaining some ground in our platform and capabilities on the service side and being able to meet the needs of our customers is really going to come down to these rates and how the rates are determined in '15 and then subsequently in '16.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Schenker with Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I just wanted to follow up, actually, on the -- your hep C comments here. I just wanted to confirm that kind of $0.40 to $0.50 is above kind of what your previous run rate estimate was, and if you don't mind trying to share, maybe, what you're expecting there. And then just related to that, it seemed a little bit high to me just based on kind of the cost-sharings on Medicare and Part D. Is there anything within your books that might be driving it higher than the total population or anything this year you can do to mitigate the impact before pricing for next year?
Steven E. McCulley: Andy, thanks. This is Steve. I will start off by saying the $0.40 to $0.50 is the incremental impact. What we thought in our -- when we -- at this time last year, when we were pricing our Part D business, is that we knew these drugs were in the pipeline. We expected them to happen late in the year, and they came much sooner than expected. And that's the differential. So -- but the numbers are pretty significant for us. So on the -- obviously, CMS, when you go through the risk corridors and you get -- I'm sorry, the phases of the Part D benefiting, you get into the reinsurance phase, CMS ends up picking up most of the cost for these people that didn't get into the catastrophic layer of the Part D benefit. So we anticipate for our Medicare business have -- Medicare and Part D business having north of $1 billion of growth cost for these drugs in 2014. So it's a very big number. Obviously, the net impact to us is smaller. The net impact to CMS is very significant.
James E. Murray: And this is Jim Murray. As just a follow-up on what Steve had to say. For all of our retail businesses, these drugs weren't in our formulary. And then that changed on -- sometime in April. They were included in our Specialty tiers with the prior authorization. But frankly, what we're seeing is that when they go to a third-party appeal program, they're being overturned. And so philosophically, for the remainder of 2014 in most of our retail businesses, we're likely going to have to pay these for the individuals who are put forward by their physicians. When you think about it, we're talking about 1% to 1.5% of our population. And some percentage of those who will ultimately take advantage of the program, and there's varying levels of estimates in terms of how many will ultimately take that. I've seen some schedules that would suggest 20%. So we've tried to estimate what we think will happen in '14 and came out with the numbers that Steve talked about earlier. In addition to the initial regimen now, there's also the possibility that there'll be an additional piece added towards the tail end of the year that will make it more expensive. This is a unit cost problem. And we have to really have folks address that. We're going to put it in our pricing for 2015. And I would expect most of our competitors would do the same. But for '14, there's not a lot that we can do to offset the negative impact of this very expensive drug.
Bruce D. Broussard: And I think, just to add to that, it is a price. It's not a utilization issue from a -- the type of patients we're seeing, I think, were in line with the population as a whole. But as Jim is saying, this is going to have a significant impact on Part D pricing next year for a minority of the membership that's using it. And I think it's a public policy issue here on pricing that needs to be addressed because it's only going to get worse as we look at specialty drugs going forward.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: As I'm looking at your individual commercial membership numbers directly, it looks like, as of April 1, your membership probably had gotten up over about 1.1 million. And your year-end numbers are a couple hundred thousand lower than that. Is that an allowance for nonpayment of premium or is there some other reason there? And if you could talk about kind of the percentages that you're seeing on that front I'd appreciate it.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim. We're estimating that there'll be some churn in this business. That's kind of what we thought that maybe there'll be a lot of folks who go in and out of the program because some might go back into Medicaid. And so that's a part of our estimate. You're right that we're probably going to bump up against 1 million members in this program. And we're estimating that there'll be some level of terminations because of that churn. We're not -- we've never had this kind of business before. So that's clearly an estimate, and we'll see how that ultimately plays out.
Regina Nethery: It's Regina, Dave. Also on your question about payment of premiums, I think we're seeing 75% to 80%.
James E. Murray: 75% to 80% for those that came in, in from January, February and March. Correct, sorry.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted a little more color on the crosswalk on Slide 12, particularly the first bucket, the $0.70 to $0.85 of net operational improvements. Was that mostly in the first quarter or is that sort of spread out over the course of the year? Just trying to get a sense for what we saw right out of the gate here.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. There's certainly a chunk of that in the first quarter. But that's also spread out over the year. I don't have any -- I can't give you any specifics on that. But it is -- it's going to be throughout the year, with a chunk of it in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: As I look at the difference between the $0.50 to $0.90 headwind, with duals and exchanges going to kind of $0.40 to $0.75, I understand the $0.10 to $0.15 is more efficiency on the exchanges, because we have so much enrollment. But we have so much more enrollment that it seems like you're assuming potentially a better loss ratio. Is that the right assumption? Because if on so much enrollments, we've got the operating efficiencies it feels like we're expecting less on kind of MLR losses. Am I thinking about that right?
James E. Murray: Christine, this is Jim. All of what you're seeing there is the improving fixed costs scale impact. When we did our pricing for '14 long, long, long ago, there were various assumptions about the size of the pool overall and the size of the pool from the underwritten existing insurance business. When troubles began to happen during the course of -- when we had set our original pricing and when we gave you our first set of guidance, 90 days ago, the folks in Wisconsin, who are extremely intelligent, took the opportunity to try to negatively impact what we thought the overall MER position would be, given the reduction in the size of the pool and some of the transitional things that Bruce referenced earlier. We've left that exactly the same for this update. And what we're doing now is evaluating the medical claims that we see on that business to see how that comports with the overall models that the folks in Waukesha have put together, which are very sophisticated. And I can't say enough about those actuaries in Waukesha. And what we're evaluating regularly is how our medical claims bump up against that. And we feel very comfortable with that overall model guidance that was put together by that actuarial team versus our claims experience that we're seeing. We haven't changed our assumptions relative to our expense ratio since 90 days ago to see how that ultimately plays out for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the question or actually ask a separate question about your individual off-exchange book in the small group book. Two of your competitors reported growth and 1 reported a decline in the individual book, with some conflicting data around whether the margins are getting worse or better. So I wanted to understand, is this -- this is dependent upon your health risk in your off-exchange books, so as they're pooling risk and you can no longer medically underwrite what is the experience that you're seeing in the off-exchange book? Are your margins improving or getting worse?
James E. Murray: We have the legacy block of business, which represents our old underwritten business and that is, obviously, shrinking as people are moving into the ACA compliant plans. And I would say that we're not seeing a significant deterioration in the overall results. I think there has been a slight worsening in our legacy block of business. And obviously, over time, the legacy block of business, for us and all of our competitors, is going to shrink. And that will make the overall exchange pool a lot better than what exists today. The transitional policy changes that Bruce referenced significantly impacted the overall pool in the exchanges because those underwritten lives are still in the older plans. When they are allowed to move into the new ACA compliant exchange, that's when the risk pool will self-correct itself. So we don't see significant deterioration, but some. And it's going to wind down over the next several years. It would have wound down faster except for the transitional rule. So I don't know if I've answered all of your questions. But those are kind of the factors that we're having to deal with as we estimate a lot of the 3Rs and set our pricing as a lot of what's happening with, not only our legacy business, but also our competitors' legacy business.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. So the pool is shrinking and the MLRs are getting worse and it will take a few years to play out?
James E. Murray: Yes, not significant shrinkage. I think you also talked about small group. We're not seeing a significant deterioration in our membership in Small Group. That seems to be holding fairly nice. We did have a nice growth in the back -- last quarter of 2013, because a lot of our customers chose to renew their policies early. And we -- we're watching to see whether or not there's what we call other group movement out of the smaller plans into the exchanges. And we're not seeing a significant impact from that yet. But we are trying to monitor that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Wright with Monness Crespi Hardt.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted a real quick clarification, if the 3Rs is 6 75 [ph] at the midpoint and 50% is reinsurance, 10% to 20% is risk corridors, does that mean about -- you're assuming you're a net receiver from risk adjustment of about 2 30 million [ph], something like that?
James E. Murray: Those were your numbers. But that's -- we are a net receiver from a risk-adjustment perspective.
Steven E. McCulley: The only thing I would add, the reinsurance is more than 1/2, so a little bit more than 1/2. So...
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just is that net receiver position predicated mostly on the platinum enrollment? Or can you break that out kind of by your [indiscernible]?
James E. Murray: That's a piece of it. I would say more, more -- I'll use an example. I don't want to give any of the states that we're doing business in. So let's pretend we're in Montana right now. And let's pretend Montana has a very big Blue -- a big Blue Cross plan that has lots of share and we have very little share. You've all been reading in the papers that a lot of folks are saying that not many new participants are coming into the program, into the exchanges. What's happening is that people who had insurance before are what's populating the exchanges. And so in a Montana, if you've got a big plan there that has a big share, what's happening likely is that plan is getting a bigger proportion of underwritten members into their new ACA compliant exchange pool, while we had a small share. And so our membership that we're going to get, because we're smaller in a Montana, would be more aligned around folks who didn't have coverage before and not as many members who were underwritten. And so that's why, the sophisticated models that I talked about that the people in Waukesha put together, state by state they evaluate that kind of dynamic. And it's really amazing to watch because you have to evaluate the big share carrier in a particular state, what they're likely to do and the implication that, that has on us and we go state by state and we try to evaluate that from a -- not only from a reinsurance, but also risk adjustment and, ultimately, the risk corridor perspective. It's really an incredibly dynamic modeling process. But that's generally how we end up with some element of a receiver position in risk adjustment, is that dynamic that I explained about Montana.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Baker with Raymond James.
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Bruce, clearly, you're playing in the government space. You own Medicare. You own the public exchange, but you partner on the Medicaid side. I was just wondering if you could give us your updated thoughts on your hesitancy in terms of owning the position there.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think, as we've discussed on many different occasions, we are excited about the ability to service the duals population, and it really aligns with our capabilities as an organization in helping people that are in need of -- in need as they use, heavily use, the health care system. In the TANF, specifically in the TANF population, we are really putting our toes in the water through joint ventures that to date have worked out well, as you can see in our projections that we will be bringing a lot of number of members coming over the next year. And we're still comfortable with that relationship, the relationships that we have, and it seems to be working well for our states, our partners and for us. As we've said in the past, we will continue down that road. If it doesn't look like that, it's working the best, then we would always be open to looking to expand our capabilities in the Medicaid area, specifically in the TANF business. So I think we've been fairly clear, the reason we would do that is to enter and be a leader in the Medicare -- in the duals business. But we would not do it on an individual basis and just to be in the TANF business. And that's what we're working through. And I think today we've been successful at the joint venture model.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew McQuilling with UBS O'Connor.
Andrew V. McQuilling - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just had one question on the exchange members and if you're able to use any of your clinical program infrastructure to ultimately help manage some of that cost? Is that part of the plan in why you're expanding the clinical program as fast as you are?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, it very much is. And I think as we articulated in the fourth quarter conference call, the reason why we are excited about entering these new populations, such as duals and, in addition, the individual exchange members, is because it closely aligns with our capabilities around our clinical programs. And I think, in my comments, I mentioned that we have -- that we identified about 8,000 members that are available for some of our clinical programs through our predictive modeling, and we're actually reaching out to them as we speak. But I do want to emphasize that the $100 million to $150 million expansion that we're investing in, in our clinical programs is really a result of our Medicare Advantage membership and the growth in that and being able to both service that membership on an ongoing basis and continuing to prepare for 2015 and the additional membership that we would get in 2015.
Andrew V. McQuilling - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Terrific. And then maybe, if I could, in terms of understanding better your exchange member health status, is Q2, you think you're going to have a pretty good handle on it? So right now, you haven't changed assumptions, but Q2, you think you'll know?
James E. Murray: Well, remember that we got -- I'm going to guess 200,000 or so in the first quarter and we got a big bolus of new members in the second quarter. We'll feel better about the cohort that came in, in the first quarter, although we've studied the heck out of them in terms of their pharmacy costs and their utilization and did a lot of the predictive modeling work that we do for the Medicare population with these -- with this group of folks. And we feel reasonably comfortable with what we've seen so far on that first cohort. We'll study the next cohort over the next several months. So I would -- I'm going to guess that sometime in the next 3 months, maybe 6 months, we'll feel very comfortable about it. I quickly want to add, a lot of what we're doing around our 2015 pricing, which is due right now, is based upon those old assumptions that we talked about. It's not what we're seeing develop with medical claims. And so I think there's a bit of conservatism built into our 2015 pricing because we haven't done anything to adjust our medical expenses for what we're seeing in terms of medical claims.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Tom Carroll with Stifel.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just a quick one. Was there a specific reason why you were not able to repurchase the "normal" amount of shares this quarter that we've seen recently?
Steven E. McCulley: Tom, this is Steve. No, there wasn't really a specific reason. We were working on the rate announcement with CMS. So that was in play a little bit. So that was something we were just keeping an eye on. As well as, I mentioned earlier, around the dividends, our dividend request under a little bit more scrutiny from the DOIs with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act in the way that fees are handled in the statutory financials. So just monitoring those 2 items was really all we were contemplating.
Bruce D. Broussard: So, in closing, let me thank you all again for joining us today. We are pleased, obviously, with our first quarter performance; better-than-expected membership growth, both in Medicare Advantage and in our new exchange-based products; increasing ability to help our members with the timely, data-driven clinical interventions and particularly those members with chronic conditions. And it does speak to, and I think a lot of the questions that were coming out about our clinical capabilities, to our goal of having clinical excellence via coordinated care. Finally, I'd like to thank all the Humana associates on the call. Your skill and dedication are what made these results possible. And have a great day to everyone. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Bruce D. Broussard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Steven E. McCulley - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dawn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results and our updated earnings outlook for 2014. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve McCulley, interim Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Steve for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Christopher Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2013 results for our business segments that were in line with or slightly better than our previous expectations. Although we continue to have confidence in our 2014 earnings projection given the strength of our integrated care delivery model and better-than-expected Medicare membership growth, continued growth in 2015 and beyond will be driven by the degree of headwinds presented by public policies surrounding government programs. The fourth quarter 2013 loss of $0.19 per share disclosed in this morning's press release was predominantly driven by a $0.99 per share expenses for reserve strengthening on our nonstrategic closed block of long-term care insurance policies. Steve McCulley will speak to this in his remarks. However, I would like to also note that this was primarily a noncash charge, which is expected to have little impact on our free cash flow expectations moving forward. Over the past year, we've been focused on optimizing our capital deployment around assets that are an integral part of our strategy. This has resulted in our exit of a number of nonmaterial, nonstrategic businesses and products. This closed block of long-term care insurance policies certainly has no correlation to our strategy. Thus, we are evaluating our strategic alternatives for this asset. This morning, we also reiterated our forecast for 2014 earnings per share of $7.25 to $7.75. As you will recall from last quarter's discussion, the breadth of that range is designed to incorporate flexibility, given the tumultuous environment in which we are operating this year. While we are comfortable with how the many variables are beginning to play out, we are only 36 days into the year, far too early to refine our guidance. My comments this morning will focus on some of the more significant variables impacting our environment, specifically our results from the Medicare Annual Election Period, what we are seeing thus far with our health care exchange offerings and our capacity to address the additional Medicare rate pressure we are expecting for 2015. Now let me begin with our results from the Medicare Annual Election Period. As we indicated in our recent public disclosure, gross sales were meaningfully higher than we had projected and terminations were lower than expected for our Medicare Advantage and standalone PDP offerings. We believe these better-than-anticipated results were primarily driven by the stability our members were able to see in our value proposition and provider networks from year-to-year. As a result, we now expect our combined individual and group Medicare Advantage business net growth to be in the range of 370,000 to 410,000 members during 2014. We've also revised our standalone PDP membership expectations to reflect projected net growth of 450,000 to 500,000 members. We feel confident in our ability to enroll these new members into the proper clinical programs more quickly and effectively than ever before. This is because of a favorable shift in the sources of our new Medicare Advantage members along with the increasing maturity of our clinical programs. Let me provide you details on each of these items. Approximately 54% of our new members were from Medicare Advantage competitors, up from 42% in the prior year and 39% in 2012. Members transferring from other MA plans are likely to already be enrolled in clinical programs, allowing for faster and more accurate coding of their clinical conditions. This is a significant advantage to our members as it expedites the identification, documentation and enrollment of our members into our clinical programs, reducing the time between enrollment and clinical management. In addition, approximately 64% of our net membership growth is in HMO plans and 33% of the new members are in risk relationships. Members in these relationships select a primary care physician during enrollment, ensuring the member receives timely preventative services, as well as chronic management identification, combined with proper documentation that facilitates clinical programs outside the physician office. As I've described in recent earnings calls, our process for identifying members in need of clinical intervention has progressed substantially over the past 2 years. Now we are more proactive and have substantially accelerated identification and outreach processes, as well as enhanced our predictive modeling capabilities. This slide indicates some of the more significant changes we have made to focus on wellness more broadly. The integrated delivery model helps ensure the trend vendor programs inherent in our 15% solution are implemented in a holistic fashion. Our strategic focus on helping providers increase their engagement through risk and path-to-risk arrangements also helps further our members' holistic consumer experience. We expect all of this will improve the related benefit to our members' wellness and further lower health care costs. As this next slide shows, the efforts have come together to produce a significant increase in the number of new members in the Humana Chronic Care Program, or HCCP. At the end of 2013, total HCCP membership was more than 280,000, up from 151,000 at the end of 2012. We believe we can further increase that number to approximately 350,000 by the end of this year. I share this background to support our belief that a higher-than-expected Medicare membership is an even more positive development than it would have been in the past few years. When our early identification and related chronic programs were less mature, it impacted fewer members than they do today. We believe it is prudent to watch and see how this continues to play out as the year progresses, but are cautiously optimistic about the uptake we are seeing thus far. Turning now to a discussion around our health care exchange offerings. The shifting rules and administrative process changes have made enrollment and earnings predictions all the more complex. We, and likely many of our competitors, are seeing much higher retention in our lower premium, non-ACA-compliant plans. This is due to the late-year announcement by HHS, which expanded participation in non-ACA-compliant plans to individuals across the country. We believe this change will result in an overall deterioration of the risk pool in ACA-compliant plans as more previously underwritten members have stayed with their current carriers rather than enter the exchanges. This slide shows the distribution of our membership by metal tier, as well as the composition of our weekly sales activity. As you all know, our metal tier membership continues to shift as the open enrollment period goes on. Although the percentage of enrollees selecting higher metal tier plans in the first month was greater than we anticipated with the 2 additional months of enrollment remaining, we estimate the final enrollment mix will more closely to what we anticipated in our pricing. While still early, as we analyze the demographics of our exchange membership, we are seeing enrollees skewing a bit more to the younger side. This is likely the result of premium-subsidized younger enrollees choosing the lower deductibles offered with the higher metal tier plans. Approximately 82% of our new members are receiving subsidies. This could potentially mitigate some of the adverse impact associated with the risk pool deterioration from our higher membership in non-ACA-compliant plans. We believe we will still be within the broad range for health care exchanges that we included in our 2014 guidance, even considering the impact of the developments I described a moment ago and taking into account our smaller scale and higher customer service costs. Nonetheless, we will be watching carefully during the remaining enrollment period and initial claims experience. The final topic I'd speak to this morning involves the challenges we are continuing to face in Washington regarding sustainable funding for the Medicare Advantage program. We anticipate an initial rate announcement on February 21, that would lower our funding by 6% to 7% in 2015. This incorporates the latest trend data from CMS, previously announced statutory and regulatory adjustments and the impact of the insurance industry fee. During the 2014 annual enrollment period, the industry experienced some disruptions as some of our competitors were forced to lower benefits, exit markets and adjust their provider networks. As a result of the success of our 15% solution, we were able to provide stability to the marketplace for 2014. However, the anticipated 2015 rate reduction, combined with the cumulative historical reductions, could potentially require us to follow our competitors' adverse actions of cutting benefits and exiting markets. This could be disruptive to the program, ultimately reversing some of the program's success in care management, improved outcomes and value-based payments leading to lower costs. In closing, our 2013 financial and operating results demonstrate the strength of our integrated care delivery model. We remain confident in this strategy as shown by reaffirming the 2014 EPS projections we shared with you today. We remain dedicated to continuing to improve the health outcomes for the millions of people we serve. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve McCulley to review our financial results and capital positioning.
Steven E. McCulley: Thanks, Bruce. Looking first at our results for 2013 and excluding the reserve strengthening detailed in our press release and that I will discuss shortly, we are pleased with our solid underlying operating earnings, which were slightly above the midpoint of our previous 2013 earnings guidance range. As you can see from the slide, Employer Group and Healthcare Services pretax income slightly exceeded the top of our guidance ranges, while retail pretax was within its guidance range. Looking at the full year, we are very pleased that we achieved strong double-digit earnings growth across each of our business segments. Our retail segment benefited from membership growth of approximately 7% in both its individual Medicare Advantage and standalone PDP businesses, along with an improved operating cost ratio for the year. Improvement in our Employer Group segment also reflected higher group Medicare Advantage membership, along with full year improvements in both benefit and operating cost ratios. Finally, higher health care services earnings reflected continued growth in our pharmacy business, a full year of earnings contribution from the Metropolitan Health Networks acquisition on December 21, 2012, and our growing home care services business, which were partially offset by planned investment spending associated with our expanding of our primary care footprint. To summarize 2013, we are pleased with the strong underlying performance of our strategic businesses and believe that our progress in 2013 positions us well as we move into 2014 and beyond. Turning next to the strengthening of reserves on our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. We increased these reserves by $243 million, or $0.99 per share during the quarter. This amount is net of approximately $100 million of reinsurance on these policies. As indicated on the slide, the principal driver of the charge was increased longevity and persistency versus our previous assumptions, which totaled $127 million. Having first been sold in the mid-1990s, this closed block of long-term care policies is a relatively immature product and we have a very limited amount of data -- or a very limited amount of our own credible experience, so we use industry data and actuarial tables to set our reserve assumptions. After evaluating emerging industry data and performing a very detailed review of our own experience, we applied recently updated actuarial mortality tables to our current policyholder base, which produced a higher estimate of future expenses. This factor is essentially driven by the increased life expectancy in the United States, combined with the decline in health status of Americans as they age. Accordingly, the average number of years that a person is expected to live with at least one disability has increased markedly in the past 20 years. This specific issue impacts all issuers of long-term care insurance in the United States and is not unique to Humana. Additionally, we have observed an increase in the use of home health care benefits by our policyholders since we last reset our policy reserves in 2010. At that time, our home health care claim experience and the actuarial morbidity tables that we were using aligned well. During 2012, we began to experience a higher level of home health care utilization than before. As a result, we strengthened our claim reserves for policyholders on claim by $33 million at the end of 2012. Over the course of the 2013, we performed a very extensive analysis on our claims in connection with our annual fourth quarter reserve evaluation. This analysis was performed at a much more granular level as we reorganized our data to align with the implementation of new data modeling capabilities. As we modeled our higher level of home health care experience relative to the most current morbidity tables, we concluded that a subset of our policies were driving the majority of the variance, primarily as a result of a richer level of home health benefits than the industry norm. Accordingly, we were able to isolate this issue and quantify the expected impact over the life of these policies, which resulted in the $72 million of additional reserves for future policy benefits. The third factor and remaining $44 million is driven primarily by the lower interest rate environment as we lowered our outlook modestly versus our prior assumptions. It is important to note that this charge is expected to have no impact on run rate current cash due primarily to the utilization of tax loss carryforwards in this insurance subsidiary. IRS tax rules restricted us from deducting operating losses or capital losses from this subsidiary and our consolidated tax returns for 5 years from the date of acquisition. As a result, we were able to utilize cumulative carryforward tax losses for the first time in our 2013 tax return, which generated an additional $161 million of surplus in the insurance subsidiary. When combined with the existing level of capital in this entity, including a $40 million capital contribution we made during the fourth quarter, we believe that this subsidiary is positioned with a strong balance sheet heading into 2014 and beyond. So in summary, we believe the exhaustive evaluation of this closed block of policies that we performed as part of our year-end closing process, combined with the strength in statutory balance sheet, positions this asset favorable going forward. I will note that there has been some limited transaction interest and activity in this space in the past couple of years, and we're certainly evaluating strategic alternatives for this asset, as this business has no bearing on our core operations. That said, we are very comfortable with the valuation of this asset and how it is positioned going forward so we can be disciplined in these strategic evaluations. Turning to our expected 2014 quarterly earnings pattern. This slide shows the timing of the major items that we expect to impact our earnings from quarter-to-quarter. These items include the annually discussed seasonal factors. Most of you are familiar with these individual quarterly impacts. While we do not expect our quarterly earnings progression to be significantly different from recurring historical patterns, we do anticipate a slightly lower earnings run rate in the first half of 2014 due to the continuing ramp-up in our state-based contracts. Turning next to cash flow. We produced operating cash flow for the year of $1.7 billion compared to $1.9 billion in 2012, with the decline primarily reflecting the timing of working capital items, as highlighted in this morning's press release. For 2014, the effect of the 3Rs will impact the timing of our operating cash flows as we expect to build a receivable of $250 million to $450 million that will be collected in 2015. Accordingly, we have revised our 2014 operating cash flow guidance to a range of $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion to include this impact. Any receivable or payable amounts associated with the 3Rs should not have a significant impact on subsidiary surplus or subsidiary dividend capacity. With respect to 2014, we are reaffirming our full year earnings guidance, as well as our segment pretax guidance ranges. As you remember from our prior guidance, we included an EPS range of plus or minus $0.25, which approximates $125 million of pretax from top to bottom. This range is wider than normal to allow for some level of volatility in our planned investment spending, as well as any normal fluctuation that may occur in our core businesses. While we're very pleased with our strong enrollment growth during the recently completed Medicare Advantage annual enrollment season, we're still very comfortable with these wider ranges given that we're only 36 days into the year. Accordingly, for the full year 2014, we continue to see EPS within a range of $7.25 to $7.75 per share, including the previously disclosed $0.50 to $0.90 per share in investment spending for state-based contracts and the individual health care exchange business. As we've discussed before, we expect these investments to position us well competitively and further strengthen our long-term growth prospects. We look forward to updating you on our progress when we report our first quarter results in early May. With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Questions on the new Medicare Advantage enrollment. Just looking for some color on what the typical margin profile here is of new members in year 1 and how that trends over time. And then I noticed you completed welcome calls with 40% of your new members thus far. Hoping you can share with us what you think the risk profile of these new members looks like versus the typical new members given all the disruption in the market for 2014.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray, Justin. We've shared with you in the past some of what we've seen with these new members. I would have said that the typical profile is 400 to 500 basis points different than the overall block of business when we first get these folks. One of the things, though, that Bruce shared with you this morning was that many of these new members are coming from some of our competitors' plans, which accelerates the revenue that we get for accurate coding of those members. And so we'll have to see how that plays out over time. So 400 to 500 basis points is a number that I would suggest that we'd seen historically. We haven't seen anything -- we've done a lot of work in the last month or so to evaluate what's been happening during the month of January, and we haven't seen anything in terms of the individuals that we were getting that would suggest that their risk profile is anything different than we've experienced in the past. We are seeing the better revenue related to these members because they're coming from a competitor plan, but I wouldn't tell you that we're seeing anything that would suggest anything negative relative to the claims exposure that we have as an organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe I could just follow that questioning on the MA growth. Is there any breakout you can give us for where you saw more growth, and in particular, if you've been able to infer where the MA members were coming from in terms of competitors?
James E. Murray: Sure, this is Jim again. Some of you have asked about Florida. We did receive a significant membership growth in Florida. It appears that one of our competitors significantly changed their benefit designs and premiums, as well as the network that they had in place prior to this year in the state of Florida. When we evaluate our benefit designs relative to theirs as we exist today, their benefit designs are still a little bit richer than ours. We felt very comfortable with the benefit designs that we had in place in Florida prior to this year. And I think we change benefits modestly because of a lot of the good work that we were doing around the integrated model and some of the other things that Bruce has talked with a lot of you about in the past. We're really excited about the fact that in Florida, 33% of the members that we grew are going into very effective risk relationships that we have with a number of solid risk partners in the state of Florida. And as with all of the membership that we've gotten in our MA block, we've done a lot of study around days per 1,000 pharmacy claims, clinical participation, the risk scores. And through the month of January, we feel very good about what we're seeing as respects not only the entire block, but in particular those related to the Florida growth that we saw.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, Matt, one of the things that I think is interesting this AP is stability. We've seen -- even though we're not the lowest-priced plan in the marketplace, because of our brand and because of the stability of what we have provided that we would -- is really one of attributes of our growth this year. And so as we look at it, it's -- I think it's a good lesson for all of the industry is stability will help grow Medicare Advantage both individually from a customer -- I mean, a company point of view and from an industry overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just want to follow up on Bruce's comments around 2015. I know the prelim rates are coming out a little over 2 weeks and I just wanted to understand your commentary. Were you insinuating that based on your best knowledge now, the down sort of 6% to 7%, is that going to require a change in strategy around your bidding for '15 relative to what you've done in the past? And I guess just looking at 2014 obviously, you had a similar impact in terms of rates but growing, I think, faster than anyone else in the industry. So are you saying the cumulative impact catches up in '15 and there's something different going on relative to what you've seen in the past? Or is it just we're going to continue to have to monitor and manage the business as we've done in the past?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, I mean, first, we are early in the cycle here. So similar to last year when we were earlier in the cycle, we made some general comments and then -- of what our levers are and being able to transition into the -- from those rates. But as we look at what we've accomplished over the last number of years and the pressures on the rates has really been attributed to our clinical capabilities and the great success that our team has been able to provide there. We still have opportunities in those clinical capabilities so I don't want the investors to go away and say we don't have those capabilities. But at the same time, I don't -- those capabilities can't overcome all of the cumulative effect that has taken place along with the rates that are being proposed there. And so what that does is it leaves us with the other lever points that we have and that are around benefit changes and around exiting markets. And when we get into the bid process after the finalization of the rates, we will go through the same analysis we went through last year, what are our capable trend vendors, what are those going to have an effect on, what are the rates that are being proposed or finalized, and then we'll turn to how do we need to modify benefits and what markets do we need to exit. And so I don't want to get into which ones we are going to turn to. I think we have the same levers we had before. We still have capabilities in the trend vendors that we have. Just as we look at the rates and the cumulative effect of that, I don't know if those trend vendors can overcome what's being proposed today.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And is that different than what you said last year, Bruce, not being able to overcome?
Bruce D. Broussard: At the level that was being proposed early on where they were -- where the rates were considerably -- prior to the fee schedule being included or the -- being included and then the physician fee schedule being included in that, you did hear our commentary around that we have these levers and we are concerned about the rate pressures. But again, we're talking in generalities. I mean, the letter hasn't come out, we still are studying 2014. After everything settles, we're going to begin to start focusing on what are the trend vendor capabilities, and in addition, what markets would we need to exit and what benefit changes we would need in light of whatever the finalized rates are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You said your exchange mix is coming in more in line with what you thought it was going to be originally in terms of how you priced. You talked about the risk profile on your MA enrollment coming in about in line with what you were expecting and what you normally get, yet -- and you've pushed up membership guidance, but you haven't moved your EPS expectations. Can you tell us is that just extreme conservatism at this point or is that something else that you're seeing?
Steven E. McCulley: Peter, this is Steve. I think there's still time to play out. We're 5 weeks into the year. We gave some larger ranges knowing that there was going to be some uncertainty as we went into the first quarter around how the exchanges were going to play out, and ultimately, what the risk mix is going to be there. We're very pleased with the Medicare membership, but typically, the margins, as Jim just described, are a little bit lower in the first year. We haven't seen anything there that alarms us, but it's just that it's early in the year, Peter. I think, we've -- there's still -- we gave a wider range knowing that we had a lot of potential little positives and negatives that we had to let play out. So we do feel, like I said, we don't -- we haven't said -- we don't feel uncomfortable with anything that we've seen, so there's nothing negative that we've seen. We just aren't ready to, at this 5 weeks into the year, to give anything more certain.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So at this point, is the higher end of your range more likely than the lower end?
Steven E. McCulley: I don't think we're giving a point estimate today, Peter.
James E. Murray: Just -- the one thing that I would just throw out there, these investments that we're making are a cumulative run rate of revenue of, I don't know, $5 billion. We're hiring 1,500 people to build up those businesses. Some of them are in areas that we're not as familiar with in terms of what we've done historically. And so I just think we're being prudent with staying where we're at right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to go back to Slide 6 and understand this slide a little bit more. I understand the concept of members coming from other plans having better risk coding. But I mean, you could also envision getting a lot of members from other plans being because those plans exited high-cost patients or geographies or you potentially underpriced your business. I mean, are you saying that back in 2012 when this chart kind of looks that much different that most of the high-cost patients were in the other category? And why aren't you worried about the other potential reasons for getting membership from competitors?
James E. Murray: Let me start by saying your comment about underpricing our business in Florida in particular. Prior to the growth that we enjoyed this past year, we had a fairly healthy block of business in Florida. And when I say healthy, I meant a very solid, strong, large block of business in all of the different products. We had HMO, we had local PPO and then we had regional PPO. And we evaluated where we wanted our benefit designs and premiums to be based upon a history that was developed from that large block of business in each of those products, and that's what we put out on the streets. And fortunately, for us, we got a lot of new members that shouldn't be significantly different than the block of business that we had in place because I believe we had upwards of 50,000 regional PPO members prior to the growth that we enjoyed, a significant block of local PPO members and hundreds of thousands of HMO members. And so we felt very comfortable with our understanding of the Florida marketplace. And so I just wanted to address your comment about the underpricing our products in the state of Florida.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I guess, were you able to get the cost breakout between other? Is that where the issue in 2012 was? It was mostly high cost in the other category, and that's why you feel like when that gets smaller, that's why?
James E. Murray: When we look at some competitor actions, one of our competitors changed their benefits and premiums, their overall economic value that they provided to the members in the state of Florida by over nearly $50 per member per month. And they came very close to what our benefit design was before the start of this year. And so I just throw that out as -- for all of you to evaluate.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think what the question is highlighting is what's -- in 2012, we had large growth and we -- the clinical utilization was higher than what was expected, and what makes 2014 any different. And I would probably turn to -- our benefits are in line with the marketplace or slightly, I would say, less favorable than the marketplace, and our brand is able to really push the growth to a higher level, I guess, back to the stability side. Second thing is, is that I would say that our relationship with the providers in our marketplace over the last few years has greatly improved too as a result of our path to risk and our shared risk program that we continue to focus on. And so as we see our membership growth, the stability has really allowed the growth to accelerate this year in a very, very uncertain environment. But then on top of that, I would say that our clinical programs that we have as an organization have matured in such a great way. And as you look at our performance in the latter half of 2012 and in 2013, those clinical programs and the success of those clinical programs have expressed themselves in really overachievement of our financial results. And as you look at that, those clinical programs, they position us well to deal with the growth that we're dealing with in 2014. Complementing those clinical growth, the -- I mean, the clinical capabilities is the source of the membership and in really 2 parts: The clinical programs that were from other competitors that have provided the documentation for the members coming in from their plans, it facilitates the coding that usually takes 6 months or so to address; and then secondarily, being in HMO and risk -- shared risk relationships facilitates the clinical aspects to this. So when we look at this book of business, both from the ability of where it's coming from, where it is located within our plan selection and in addition the maturity of our clinical programs, we feel comfortable with the block that's come in and the cohort when compared to 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Crdit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you maybe help us or walk through the assumptions on the 3Rs included in that cash flow guidance? I think you said that you set up what looks like a $250 million receivable for 2015. I guess if you could help sort of walk through kind of the visibility and, I guess, the ability to sort of predict that number at this stage, just some of the dynamics around that would be helpful.
Steven E. McCulley: Sure. Thanks, Ralph. This is Steve. We've made our best estimate at that number to be a range of $250 million to $450 million, which is still a fairly wide range because it's very early in the process. The largest component of that is the reinsurance reimbursement, so that is more than half of the number. And then the remainder would be what we might see with the risk corridors and ultimately what risk adjustment is. Of the 3, the risk adjustment is the hardest one to estimate. We do feel like we'll be able to make a reasonable estimate of that at the end of the first quarter and the second quarter based on the data that's available. Those -- the 3Rs tend to work together in that if we, for example, make an estimate for the risk adjustment. And if that estimate then flows into the risk corridor calculation, where if you're outside of the band, there's an 80% reimbursement there. So if you ultimately change your estimate of risk adjustment, then there tends to be an offsetting effect in the risk corridor. So they're not -- they're kind of interrelated to a degree. So ultimately, we've kind of modeled -- we've modeled the different scenarios and that gave us the range of $250 million to $450 million, ultimately, that we think we'll have a receivable on our books by the end of the year. Again, the largest amount of that being the reinsurance reimbursement. The one thing that we point -- that I pointed out on my script to make sure that I'm clear about it is that we have -- as we build receivables for those items, they'll be in our statutory entities, our legal entities, as admitted assets. So they generally don't really impact our cash flow that we'll get from the subsidiaries to the parent. So although they are a reduction of our consolidated operating cash flow, there's not always a lot of connectivity between that operating cash flow and what the parent cash flow is if we end up with receivables that are assets in our subsidiaries that we collect the following year. And that's very similar to what happened when we -- when Part D ramped up back in 2006, we had some fairly hefty risk corridor receivables in the first couple of years of that as well. Does that make sense?
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you talk about your care management capacity? Just making the assumption that you staffed care management broadly to 210,000 lives. And now that the enrollment is going to be 50% higher than that, does the existing capacity able to handle all that new enrollment? Or are you guys out there hiring, getting people trained in sort of on an ongoing basis to handle the new membership?
James E. Murray: We've been hiring folks over the last year and have been pretty successful identifying nurse practitioners throughout all of the markets that we operate in, not only for the telephonic chronic management programs, but also the nurses that go into the home, and we also use a lot of agencies as a part of our network. And we've been fairly successful with ramping up. I think Bruce referenced earlier, we have a target of having 350,000 folks as a part of our SeniorBridge/Humana Cares program by the end of the year. And that includes all of the growth that we've just talked about, and we don't feel uncomfortable with our ability to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just hoping you can reconcile the change in the cash flow in terms of increasing the assumptions on the 3Rs relative to some of the commentary that you've talked about in terms of the risk indicators that you provided. Is the risk mix -- sort of where do you stand right now in terms of that assumption of where the risk mix is relative to the initial pricing? Do you still view that as more adverse than initially expected and that's why you increased the 3Rs? Or is there another factor driving that increased assumption around the 3Rs and the change to the cash flows?
James E. Murray: So this is Jim, and I'll start off and maybe Steve will finish up. I would tell you that because of some of the changes that happened, through no fault of anybody's, but some of the issues that happened with the website initially and then some of the changes that occurred with the transitions -- or the transitional program, we do believe that there was a bit of deterioration in the risk mix that we are going to get as an organization. But as many of you have pointed out in some of your write-ups, the 3Rs give you a significant amount of protection around that. So although there's a deterioration, we believe, in the overall risk mix, which will correct itself in theory over the next several years, and so it's a timing item, that has negatively impacted us to some extent. The other thing that Bruce pointed out that we want to make sure everybody is clear about is that when the size of the exchange marketplace is shrinking and because of the transitional policy, the premiums that we would get on a per-member, per-month basis, our overall revenue assumptions that we started the year with are down. And so we have a bit of a scale issue. We don't have the benefit of some of the size or might of some of the competitors that are in this space. And so when we don't get the revenue that we anticipated and we've built the administrative infrastructure to support that, we have a scale issue, that also is a part of the range that we've put out there with this particular business. And then the other thing that we've learned in the last month or so is that this group of people is very different in terms of service than our existing blocks of business. And it's taken a significant increase in the number of service representatives that we've had to get the folks the answers that they're looking for. And so for all of those reasons, it's -- there has been a bit of a deterioration in risk profile, which will correct itself over time, and then the scale and the administrative issue are some of the things that go into the financial projections that Steve talked about earlier.
Steven E. McCulley: Scott, the only thing I would add is that again, the reinsurance recoverable is the largest amount of that. And there's going to be a number there, where almost regardless of the risk selection, it maybe it will get a little larger with a little more adverse risk, but that's just a calculation of the claims that are over a certain specific limit.
James E. Murray: Right. And that was a part of our pricing from the very beginning.
Steven E. McCulley: Right. There is a -- the limit in the law was, I believe, $60,000. It's been proposed to lower that to $45,000. We've -- and that's part of the reason, again, we have a range of $250 million to $450 million is it encompasses both outcomes.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like there's a pretty significant SG&A component to the revised 3R assumptions, as well as some of the MLR influences?
James E. Murray: That's correct. But again, remember, this is 3% of our total revenue. And so we're just dealing and talking about this from that particular aspect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I'm trying to understand the protection you have with your provider arrangements and your risk arrangements and your path to risk, particularly if the rates in kind of 2015 don't turn out as we hope they will, and if they turn out kind of negative as they were this year. How much protection does your risk membership and the path to risk expected next year protect you? What portion of costs are capitated versus -- these are providers that you own, so the problem kind of flows from the managed care entity to the provider entity but stays with you. How much is independent versus with you?
James E. Murray: Christine, you're talking about 2015 now?
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, but you can use current number for X percent capitated and we expect to be Y or however you want to express it.
James E. Murray: I don't have it offhand. I think it may be in the press release pages, the amount of capitation that we have as an organization. Obviously, when our funding levels are reduced, that flows through to the risk takers that do business with us, as well as to our own owned entities, again, I don't have the percentages. I can tell you that we've had conversations and dialogues with our risk-takers about things that we could do together to help them and us control costs, not only for some of the things that we're dealing with, but also the unit costs that we share together for some of the hospitals that are part of our networks, the specialists that are a part of our network. It's a pretty detailed effort that we go through to help those risk-takers because we don't want to just pass the costs or the funding reductions through to them because that's not being a good partner. And so there's a lot of work that we're doing as we speak, working with those risk-takers on how we can rethink the cost structure that they have and address some of these issues that we face. Again, I don't have the percentages in front of me. Perhaps, the...
Steven E. McCulley: Christine, this is Steve, and I know -- I think we've talked about this a little bit in the past. I want to say the risk is around 30%, but we'll look that number up. The one thing I would add to what Jim said is that also in our HMO that's on a path to risk but is still HMO versus PPO, there is a percentage of that cost, the primary care reimbursement, for example, is a capitated reimbursement, as well as the specialty network that most of those -- a lot of the specialty networks that those PCPs operating in is capitated as well, even though the PCP may not be in a full-risk arrangement yet. So there is a -- so we do get a beneficial effect from having just regular HMO even though it's not full risk. So it's hard. I think what you're trying to do is quantify the net impact of all that and maybe we can go offline or go out and try to make an estimate of that. But it's -- but hope that helps.
Regina Nethery: This is Regina, Christine. Just so you're aware on page, I don't have the numbers directly in front of me, but on Page S-13, it shows the provider counts in the press release, that page is S-13. I believe it's S-19 at the bottom gives the Medicare membership that is covered in risk arrangements.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right, right. But I was looking more for percent of the cost as opposed to just the membership...
Regina Nethery: I apologize. Okay.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: That's okay. We'll follow up offline, but that's really helpful. I'm kind of estimating about 45% of costs are kind of capitated. But I just kind of -- we can follow up offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Schenker with Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So operating costs in the quarter were higher than I expected. Can you kind of discuss what investments and start-up costs were in the 4Q numbers? And how does that compare to what's assumed for 2014? What should we think as onetime versus run rate?
Steven E. McCulley: Andrew, this is Steve. So we did have a number of things in the quarter that were maybe higher than normal. But typically, our fourth quarter operating costs are the highest quarter for us because we have -- it's the selling season for Medicare. So in the Retail segment, if you look at that -- in our Retail segment, our operating cost ratio increases in the fourth quarter as a result of the marketing cost, distribution cost. Because we had such a successful open enrollment season for 2014, there was more distribution cost than normal, more commissions, for example. We also had investments in exchange readiness, both technology and operating expenses in the fourth quarter, the ramp-up, to get ready for the health care exchanges. Also in the Retail segment, we're investing in the duals expansion. As Jim mentioned earlier, there's a significant build-out that we're basically building a duals business that will be a $4 million -- $4 billion plus run rate business by 2015 that we're currently in the process of building, and some of that was in our fourth quarter of 2014 as well. We also, maybe over in the other segments, we had what I would say are some non-recurring type expenses. We did have some severance expenses as a result of some reorganizations that were done primarily in our Employer Group segment. We wrote off a few -- we had a few asset impairments. We wrote down some deferred acquisition costs in our -- in some voluntary -- group voluntary benefits businesses that we had, and maybe a few other smaller things, but nothing individually that was significant. But that's really the driver of why you see the higher operating cost in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Just a follow-up real quick. I mean, when I think about the exchange cost and the dual cost, I mean, are these essentially run-rate costs that you just don't have revenues to offset today? So the costs kind of stay the same, but as revenues ramp, the ratio declines or are these onetime start-up costs...
Steven E. McCulley: I think the duals is the former. The duals -- there might be a little bit of onetime cost in the duals, but ultimately, there's cost ahead of the revenue in the duals. In the exchanges, there's a little bit of that same thing, cost ahead of revenue, but I also think there's -- we're in a volatile period around phones ringing and a lot of questions about this new business. I don't know if, Jim, you want to elaborate on that any?
James E. Murray: No, I think you said it very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'll continue on the duals topic. It's a relatively new area for you guys, and I was wondering if you could talk about what you've put in place to stay on top of the cost, maybe in the way of claims review, technology that looks at specifically high-cost items for the duals population that may not match up with your traditional Medicare book, or assumptions throughout the first year progression on MLR for the duals contract for you guys.
Bruce D. Broussard: First thing, the duals for us as a company is very aligned with the Medicare Advantage population. I think as most of you guys know, that 25% or so of Medicare is in the duals population. So they're a little sicker, but I would say that they're probably aligned with our chronic program that we already have. So as we think about our capabilities as an organization, we will use the same capabilities that we're using in Medicare Advantage. And that's on the post-65. The one additional capability that we didn't need as an organization for the duals is around the long-term care area, which we both have a partnership with a very capable organization and, I think as everyone knows, we acquired an organization in Florida recently, American Eldercare, that has that capability. So we have added that, and that is -- the integration is going quite well. In regards to the Medicaid population pre-65, I think as the investors know, we have partnered with other firms to manage that population, and we really don't have a lot of active management in the pre-65 or the TANF population. And so as you think about our core capabilities, it's really not in the TANF population, it is in the post-65 population, and it aligns with our Medicare capabilities adding long-term care to that.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And the last part of the question was just the MLR assumptions built into your guidance on the duals.
James E. Murray: The overall state-based programs, MLRs, are probably somewhere, when all up and running, somewhere in the 90% range. The admin on this business would probably be a lot lower because of the high revenue that you have on a per-member, per-month basis. I think the margins that we ultimately see ourselves achieving are very similar to some of the margins that you see from the public companies that are in this space.
Bruce D. Broussard: And just to add to the question on the duals and being prepared for it, 3 of the large contracts will be coming up in the second quarter of this year, in the latter part of the second quarter of this year. And so we, today, are making a lot of investments. And as the point was made before, there's not much revenue coming in as a result of that. But we're preparing for those 3 large contracts during this quarter and in the early part of the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: It's actually Dave Styblo filling in for Windley. I had a question. I know we've talked a little bit about operating cash flow, but I'd be curious to hear your comments about the parent cash roll forward. I'm also thinking in the context here of seeing a pretty large buyback that you guys made in the fourth quarter, just especially when the stock was at its high. So I'm just curious to see what your thoughts are and strategy around buybacks, as well as how that would look forward into the parent cash roll forward between here and the end of the year?
Steven E. McCulley: Sure. This is Steve. Well, number one, our philosophy hasn't changed around capital deployment. We continue to fund our capital expenditures and invest in things that grow the business. And then as we have excess cash, we return it to the shareholders in terms of share repurchasing and dividends, and that philosophy remains intact. I think during the quarter, we repurchased about $200 million worth of shares with the excess cash we had, and we ended the year with parent cash of around $500 million. The -- what we'll do in the next call is update you on our dividends that we received from the subs and give you a more full year outlook on the parent cash and where we're at, at that time. We like to wait until we talk to the rating agencies and get through the -- get through all the statutory filings before we finalize kind of those look-forwards. We are growing the duals business, which does require some subsidiary capital, and we also grew our Medicare business quite nicely as well in 2014. So those 2 things do require capital as we grow those businesses. But I think what we'll do is give you a more fulsome update at the end of the quarter when we have our dividends finalized. Does that help?
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just maybe go back to the rate notice issue. You got out in front of it in saying the 6% to 7% down was a possibility. Is there anything we can read, either from industry discussions, your discussions with the administration, the fact that they did the December rate -- trend update and gave the industry a heads-up on that to suggest that maybe we'll get some mitigation on that? And to the extent we do, what would you guys look to last year by focusing on the doc [ph] fix? Where would be the obvious places for them to look, if you have any thoughts?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, A.J., I think getting the trend out earlier is, I think, an effort for them to provide more transparency on the process. Last year, one of the areas that the industry worked with them on is how can we become more transparent. And, a, it's not a surprise; and, b, we can work on educating pre the announcement as opposed to doing it during the announcement. And I do have to commend the administration for helping us with that and getting it out earlier and it allows us to understand it. We still have some questions to understand it and in addition, to work with them on where those differences are. I really don't want to get into the speculation on what are the various different components that could be -- maybe alter the rate notice or the projections that we've put out there and let us -- I think the industry is going to begin to work with the administration on this and give us some time to work with the administration because I do think understanding where they're coming from is an important part of that process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Just following up on the rate again and not so much speculating, but I believe there was a proposal on not accepting just the health risk assessments as data to support risk adjustment. And how does that play into your 15% solution? You have a slide here, which shows that's gone from 20% to 40%. Do you think by 2015, if that went through, particularly for the agents, that it could materially impact your margins?
James E. Murray: I'm not familiar with what it is you're pointing to, so we'd have to take that back and look through it and try to better understand it. So I apologize for not being as up to speed on that as I should be.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then if you could get back to me on that, that'd be great. I saw this in the Medicare Advantage news, and I think there was a proposal in the December communication as well from CMS. And on the PDP, what gives you comfort now that your guidance has gone 4x compared to your preliminary guidance that there is no issue around your formulary design or something that you had in 2008?
James E. Murray: Well, just like I talked -- this is Jim, again, Murray. We've looked at a lot of claims data since the beginning of the year. We understand the population. A lot of the growth was from our existing Walmart plan retention. We had, frankly, anticipated that a lot of the prior Walmart plan members would go to the new Walmart plan. That didn't happen, so we obviously have a good sense for the folks there. And then the new Walmart plan, we feel pretty good about how we're looking at the drug claims that we paid during the month of January. So we feel very good about the risk profile that exists with each of our 3 product offerings in the PDP space and wouldn't anticipate any kinds of issues developing there.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to our presenters for any closing remarks.
Bruce D. Broussard: Like every quarter, we really thank the investors for the support of the organization, especially in this time of change and complexity. And at the same time, we also understand that our success of the organization is dependent on our associates and all 51,000 that come in to work every day and with their best minds and helping our members succeed in their health journey. So I appreciate everyone's support, and have a wonderful day.
Operator: With that, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Bruce D. Broussard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Steven E. McCulley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Humana's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our third quarter 2013 results, our earnings outlook for the remainder of this year and our detailed financial guidance for 2014. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Jim for the Q&A session will be: Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; and Steve McCulley, Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported third quarter earnings per share of $2.31. I reiterated our full year 2013 earnings guidance of $8.65 to $8.75 per share. These solid results demonstrate the strength of our operations, even after consideration of the preliminary investment and start-up costs for our state-based contracts including dual-eligibles and the health care exchange business as we referenced in last quarter's call. We believe our base business is sound and we're positioned moving forward, in large part, the results of the progress in our clinical programs over the last 12 months. All eyes are on the future, so that is where my comments will focus this morning. We have some distinct challenges ahead. Funding and regulatory pressures, in particular, are significant. That said, we believe our strategic focus on our integrated care delivery model and operational excellence, as well as our expansions into state-based contracts and individual health care exchange businesses position us well for the growth and long-term sustainability. Our strategic intent is to continue to ensure affordability of health care by improving health outcomes. We believe our integrated delivery model strategy does just that. To remind you, seamless integration of care delivery, the consumer experience and advanced data analytics comprise the key elements of our model. Let's begin this morning's discussion with our Medicare business. The Medicare annual election period for 2014 has begun. And we are generally pleased with the affordability of our plans for beneficiaries, as well as our plans' competitive position across the country. Because of our tremendous cross-functional effort focused primarily on clinical programs, Stars quality improvement and operating cost efficiencies, we've been able to minimize the benefit and premium changes our Medicare Advantage members will experience for 2014, ensuring the program remains affordable. All of this despite next year's funding challenges, which include only a portion of the ACA-related payment cuts. We now expect our combined individual and group Medicare Advantage businesses to grow in the range of 260,000 to 305,000 net members during 2014. This projection includes approximately 25,000 individual dual-eligible members from contracts with various states, most of which we expect to be assigned in the second half of next year. Make no mistake, addressing the 2014 Medicare Advantage funding shortfall, including the impact of the industry fee, is no easy task. The clinical investments we've made over the last several years and a rigorous focus on operational excellence have enabled us to be in this position for 2014. As we look out further into 2015, we see many of the same headwinds we faced in 2014 compounded by the effect of the lower Star quality bonus payment associated with the sunset of the CMS demonstration despite our higher quality ratings. Clearly, the nearly 15 million Medicare beneficiaries who have chosen Medicare Advantage need stability and rationality in the Medicare Advantage payment process. It seems counterintuitive to continue such a volatile payment environment for the Medicare Advantage program when it is the only solution that effectively demonstrates a proactive approach to both improving outcomes for Medicare consumers and controlling health care costs for the benefit of the Medicare trust fund. Our data show that for diabetes, congestive heart failure and a range of other conditions, we achieved better results than the Medicare original fee-for-service. That is why the continued success of our integrated care delivery model is so critical. Our integrated care delivery model continues to deliver the results that provide positive health outcomes for our members on a number of fronts. For example, our transition program designed to facilitate a smooth acute care to post-acute or home care experience has resulted in a 30-day readmission rate, only 9% -- approximately half of what beneficiaries in the original fee-for-service Medicare experienced. Enrollment of new members in our Humana chronic care program is up fivefold to date over last year. As of the end of the September, we have had nearly 250,000 members in the chronic care program and expect to reach 275,000 by the end of this year. Much of this increased enrollment comes from our advanced data capabilities, enabling the implementation of predictive models, which identify the individuals who most benefit from these programs. Another measure of success of our integrated care delivery model is the progress we continue to make with our Star ratings. Our bonus year 2015 ratings now have us at an average Star quality rating of 4.0, up from 3.82 for the bonus year 2014. We have 18 plans or approximately 60% of our membership with ratings at least 4 stars, including 9 plans that have ratings of 4.5 stars. These measures reflect our strong focus on proactive care for our members and are expected to provide Humana a solid competitive advantage across much of the country in 2015. We believe that the strength of our strategic focus on integrated care delivery will help us not only in the near term but also position us for further success as we leverage our integrated care delivery infrastructure across state-based contracts and health care exchange businesses. This slide sizes the sector-wide potential associated with the growth businesses for Medicare, Medicaid and the health care exchange businesses. As a reminder, there are approximately 9 million dual-eligibles today, with 7 million of those having full Medicaid benefits. Furthermore, CBO has estimated that health care exchanges will ultimately serve approximately 24 million consumers across America. As you can see, these are growth opportunities that are difficult to ignore, particularly given the assets we bring to the table through our investments we've made in our integrated care delivery model and the robust growth anticipated for these 2 populations. You'll note that as I talk through the next 2 slides that there is considerable geographic overlap between our state-based contracts and our health care exchange presence. That is by design and further builds upon the strong Medicare advantage and individual commercial presence we have in many of these locations today. We believe this will further enhance our relationship across the spectrum of health care consumers. As a reminder, our state-based contracts include 3 subsets. First, beneficiaries associated with the dual-eligible demonstration projects. We currently serve nearly 300,000 dual-eligible beneficiaries who choose our Medicare Advantage plans in the open market over the past several years. Consequently, we have significant experience in serving dual-eligible members. Second, Medicaid Services for the under 65, or TANF population. We generally fulfill these contracts through partnering arrangements with risks ceded to other parties. The third component of our state-based contracts is Medicaid long-term care support service, which is a newer business for us. We believe the acquisition of American Eldercare, together with partnering arrangements, position us to successfully serve these populations given the strength of our integrated care delivery model today. We've experienced gratifying level of success with recent RFP awards for each of these types of services and have targeted our pricing to achieve modest underwriting gains. However, it is important to realize with the number of rewards -- awards that we've secured comes the need for increasing investment in the related infrastructure. These investments will generally precede their contract -- the related contract revenues. Turning next to our individual health care exchange offerings, we also priced this business targeting a modest underwriting gains. We believe long term, the potential size of exchanges is significant opportunity for Humana, as it is aligned with our core capabilities in chronic care management, including accurate clinical documentation, effective networks and retail individual sales. In addition, it allows us to establish a relationship with Medicare agents offering the opportunity for easier transition to Medicare Advantage and improved health before becoming Medicare eligible. The long-term exchange opportunity is currently being overshadowed by the issues with the federal enrollment process. These issues could potentially alter some of the assumptions around risk mix that we made as we priced our products, so our ultimate health care exchange membership have a higher severity mix than we previously priced. Our integrated care delivery model focused on serving members with chronic conditions, together with effective network design and the backup protection of the 3 Rs will help mitigate a portion of our claims' exposure. Assuming a speedy repair of the enrollment process and that's a diverse mix of enrollees for 2014, we anticipate that our investments in the health care exchanges will abate in 2015 and at which time, returns on our 2014 investment will begin to be realized. Both the state-based contracts and health care exchange business require initial investments that are not insignificant. However, we believe such investment spending is targeted on businesses with growth and earnings potential, which lever our -- leverage our core -- our proven clinical capabilities, as well as being the most capital-efficient way to enter these markets. Our discipline and commitment around return on invested capital will continue to drive the choices we make to provide long-term value for both our members and our shareholder value -- shareholders. To summarize, this dynamic environment requires scale, clinical depth and engaging member relationships. In that context, industry pressures will only reward industry leaders like Humana while increasing the difficulty for less capable organizations. Our industry-leading capabilities are demonstrated through our forecasted 2014 core performance. Our GAAP earnings per share estimate for 2014 of $7.25 to $7.75 reflects that much has yet to play out for the state-based contracts and health care exchange businesses and incorporates related investment spending and startup costs of between $0.50 per share and $0.90 per share. Jim will discuss this more fully in his remarks. We continue to advocate for stable and rationality in the Medicare payment process. We believe our strategy is sound and our associates are highly engaged. We're resolved to deliver an experience for the consumers we serve that positively affects health outcomes, enabling a healthier life for our members and growth for Humana. Before turning the call over to Jim, I do want to comment briefly on our CFO transition plan. Today, we announced that Steve McCulley will serve as our interim CFO beginning on January 1. Steve will serve in this capacity as we continue the search to replace Jim, who retires as CFO on December 31. Steve's experience, credibility as a trusted advisor and knowledge of our business will ensure confidence with our internal and external stakeholders during the transition and over the long term for our ongoing success. Jim has agreed to remain on as advisor to the office of the CFO and work closely along Steve during his transition. Please join me in thanking Jim for his 13 years of extraordinary contribution and Steve for his continued leadership. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim to review our financial results and capital positioning.
James H. Bloem: Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll spend the bulk of my time on our 2014 earnings expectations, as well as our capital generation and deployment outlook. But first, let's spend a minute on 2013. As Bruce mentioned, our reported third quarter earnings per share of $2.31 reflects solid execution of our integrated care delivery strategy. We also continue to see favorable medical cost trends in all of our major lines of business, including greater-than-anticipated prior period development. As with each quarter, the prior year's gross development can be seen in the claims roll forward we provide in the earnings press release. Our third quarter results also included higher-than-planned marketing expenses for Medicare Advantage and the health care exchanges, as well as continued investments in our clinical capabilities. Each of these investments is expected to provide better health outcomes for our members and solid long-term financial returns. Our full year 2013 earnings per share forecast remains at $8.65 to $8.75, with our Retail pretax forecast being slightly lower than 90 days ago, while our Employer Group forecast is slightly higher than previously expected, each reflecting the 3 factors I just noted. Turning now to 2014. The chart included in this morning's press release and reproduced on this slide provides an overview of how we view 2014 versus 2013. With our expansion into both the state-based contracts and the health care exchanges, we've widened the ranges around our 2014 guidance points in order to reflect the uncertainty and potential volatility arising out of the following 3 factors. Number one, health care exchange membership levels and the risk mix of those who enroll. Number two, a potential shift in the timing associated with our state-based contracts awarded to date. Since our infrastructure build must be ahead of the related revenue streams, any delay in implementation of these contracts potentially would result in higher operating cost ratios. Number three, certain portions of these 2 businesses are new to us, thus, as we evaluate the investment related -- the investment spend range of approximately $125 million to $225 million, or $0.70 per share at the midpoint, the resolution of each of these factors ultimately will determine the timing and extent of our actual investment spend during 2014. So as we roll forward from 2013 to 2014, we see core operating margins improving for the Retail segment with slight pressure on the Employer Group and Healthcare Services segments. Bear in mind that in order to take into account the nondeductible industry fee, we had to target a higher 2014 pretax margin than in 2013. In addition, the Employer Group operating margin change also includes an expectation that medical cost trends will move up approximately 50 to 100 basis points from the 4.5% to 5% trends we're projecting for the full year 2013. Continuing down the lines of the same slide, membership growth, primarily associated with our individual and group Medicare products, also is expected to positively impact pretax earnings for both the Retail and Employer Group segments. There are also 3 2013 items that are not expected to recur next year. They include between $0.40 and $0.45 per share of better-than-expected favorable prior period claims development, $0.19 per share in benefit from our first quarter litigation-related settlement with the Department of Defense and $0.12 per share in costs associated with our exit from the Puerto Rico Medicaid business last month. To summarize, we experienced a 2013 net benefit of $0.50 per share from these 3 items, although the individual impacts are spread across several lines of business, as shown on the slide. Moving to the second to the last line on the slide, the midpoint of $0.70 per share assumed in connection with the investment and startup spending is anticipated to be concentrated in our Retail segment businesses, since that's where both the state-based contracts and the health care exchange businesses are expected to be reported. The last line of this slide shows the $1.39 per share expected hit to earnings from the nondeductibility of the industry fee, which is projected to raise our effective income tax rate from approximately 36% this year to 46% at the midpoint in 2014. Turning to the next slide. This waterfall format helps isolate the level of headwind from the industry fee alone that, that fee has put on 2014. The $3.57 per share shown represents the full income -- the full impact of the industry fee, including its nondeductibility. $3.19 per share represents approximately $800 million of net operating pretax improvements, which when combined with the $0.38 per share or $95 million attributable to projected 2014 medical membership growth, just offsets the 2014 total impact of the industry fee. As Bruce said, achieving these net operating -- net operational pretax improvements is no easy job. However, we feel confident in our ability to execute and deliver on them. The primary drivers of our expected operational improvement include the following 5 items. Number one, trend vendor initiatives such as our Humana Chronic Cares Program and in-home care for our members. While investments in these programs during the last 18 months have showed solid financial returns, they, importantly, have also improved the overall health care experience for many of our members. As we broaden the reach of these programs and magnify their impact through the use of deeper clinical analytics and greater conductivity, we believe their beneficial effects on member health, clinical outcomes and costs will increase substantially in 2014. Number two, we expect that the continued improvement in our Star quality ratings will further streamline medical costs while also ensuring a consistent quality experience for our members. Number three, further medical services organization expansion, as well as strengthened alignment and integration of our risk-sharing providers, all 3 of which contribute to the continued growth in our HMO business. Number four, operating cost improvements as we continue to streamline our work processes and increase our leverage over a growing membership base using a stable operating platform. And number five, for our commercial business, we were able to pass through most of the industry fee based on pricing, thus minimizing its impact on that portion of our business. So despite the significant headwinds we face in 2014, we're pleased that we're able to project the stability in earnings for our core businesses, after giving consideration to the 3 items that are not expected to recur next year, even though we do anticipate lower reported earnings per share next year, primarily, again, to the investments and startup expenses associated with the state-based contracts and the health care exchanges. Just as a reminder, as always, our earnings per share guidance excludes any future share repurchases. Before I conclude, let's briefly turn to capital generation and deployment. As we indicated by our guidance, we anticipate operating cash flows will be strong again in 2014 based on the strength of our current lines of business. We anticipate subsidiary dividends to the parent company will be somewhat lower in 2014 compared to the roughly $1 billion remitted each of the past 3 years as we retain capital for growth in our state-based contracts and health care exchanges. Having said that, our balance sheet remains strong and with our low debt to total capitalization ratio, we have significant financial flexibility and optionality for the future. So in summary, we're pleased with the financial report -- the financial results we reported today and firmly believe in our ability to execute successfully around the financial projections for both 2013 and 2014 that we have outlined. With that, we'll open up the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first call.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake from JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Before I start, just congratulations to Jim on his retirement and to Steve on the interim CFO role. Hopefully, that term [ph] -- we remove the interim over some point going forward. So my first question is on exchanges and the Medicaid investment and earnings outlook. So I think there's a lot of confusion here in terms of the magnitude of this $0.70. I want to make sure we understand, maybe we can just drill down to what you're expecting for exchanges and Medicaid business from a net income margin perspective in 2014? Is it fair to say you're expecting that after these [ph], including these investments, you're expecting to lose money in both of these businesses?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Those investments signal that for those 2 businesses that we will likely lose money in 2014 to very different reasons for each of the 2 different businesses that we're getting into. But those investments are included in the administrative costs related to those businesses and some of the other medical expense ratios related to those businesses. And we can walk you through why in each of those, we feel the need to put up that investment. As it relates to the state-based contracts, you've seen us win a lot of contracts here recently. As we win more of those contracts, it requires us to invest in more people to deliver on the services that we're contractually obligated for. Things like care coordination and chronic management, long-term care support services. Hiring those people ahead of the revenue related to the individual contracts is a part of the investment spend related to the state-based contracts. As Bruce mentioned in his remarks, another element of the investment in the state-based contracts is some of what we're contractually obligated to, obviously, is to improve the cost structures related to those different programs. And we've looked at some of the assumptions that are a part of our pricing analysis. And obviously, we feel comfortable with what we're able to accomplish, but when you start that in the first month, obviously, you're not going to be as capable, particularly in some programs like long-term care that is new to us. And so we've prudently concluded that it will take some period of time for us to get up to speed on some of those. So those 2 pieces relate to the state-based contracts. As it relates to the exchanges, I will tell you, it's a lot related to what we see happening in the market place today that you're all very, very familiar with. There's a problem with the enrollment. And because of that, the likely enrollment that we'll receive will be changed from what we thought when we did our initial pricing. We're waiting for guidance from the government around whether they're going to change mandates, whether they're going to do things to extend enrollment periods. And so because of the -- what's happened, we've had to step back and say, "Gosh, what could happen given the risk mix that might happen or come to us because of the confusion out there." And so we've stepped back and we've concluded that we need to be more conservative in our estimates related to the profitability of that line of business. And our estimate is part of the investment that we talked about here this morning.
Bruce D. Broussard: And Justin, just to add to that, I know our investors have really encouraged us to be active in the dual-eligible market. And I think over the last 18 months, we've had a strategy of building it as opposed to buying it. And I think in the long run, we will be much more successful and have a greater return to the shareholders as a result of our organic growth and the investments we're doing today. And I -- looking from the shareholders' point of view, I think Jim and his team have executed quite well in being able to win contracts. It's a sizable part of our -- could be a sizable part of our business in the short term. And we look at these investments in the dual-eligible side as just, as we say, it's right before the revenue generates as opposed to a long-term investment that we're making a bet on, we're just positioning the organization to service the business we've won.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So the -- so can you bifurcate for me then what is the operating margin assumed for the business? So it sounds like you expect you might -- even though you bid on exchanges to make money, given what's going on out there, you expect you might do worse than that. So is the investment spend or the investment spend include a negative margin or is there a negative margin in exchanges now embedded in guidance plus an investment spend?
Steven E. McCulley: Justin, this is Steve. No, I think the negative margin is part of the overall $0.70, so that's all -- that's an all-in number. And, again, in terms of long-term margins, as you know, we've talked about our ROIC and earning our cost of capital. And clearly, our expectation is to earn in excess of our cost of capital in these businesses. So -- and you know that the capital requirement in these businesses will be somewhere between, say, 9% and 12%, depending on the state and the HMO. So we will get to the target return, ultimately, in both these businesses. And then with respect to the number, both the duals investments that Jim talked about and the exchanges are both significant. I wouldn't say one of them is a lot larger than the other, just to give you a little guidance around the number. And obviously, the ranges around this number are pretty significant due to all the uncertainty with everything that we're talking about here. So you'll see pretty significant ranges around our individual membership guidance and our revenue guidance. And clearly, as we go through the next several quarters and even the next year, we'll continually update you on these -- on how we're doing in these businesses.
James E. Murray: And just to be clear, we feel very bullish about both of these opportunities, and that's why we've invested so dramatically in them. And Bruce showed you a slide in his remarks about where these ultimately could result. So again, we feel very good regardless of what's happening as we speak, in terms of the exchange opportunity.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just to put a bow on this, Medicaid is breakeven and then there's another, let's say, $0.35 of startup losses, is that the way to think about it? The margin itself is kind of breakeven and then you have $0.45 of losses, or is that not the right way?
James E. Murray: Justin, every time I answer one of your margin questions, I get yelled at after-the-fact. I think the guidance that we provided on the guidance sheet is what we'd like to ask you to look to.
Bruce D. Broussard: Justin, this is an important question, I know, for you. We are oriented to having industry margins in this business, standard industry margins. So as you look across the competitors, I don't think we'll be much different in that regard. I do think, because we're investing organically as opposed to buying, we're going to have a higher return over the long term. But the real key here is that we have a very big book of business that's going to come on over the next 18 months. And we have to prepare the organization to service that book of business. And therefore, we are -- I mean, that's what you see hitting the P&L is this preparation of the book of the business. I don't think we want to get into what the margin is in the first quarter versus second quarter versus third quarter. But we are targeting long-term sustainable margins in this business that are industry standard with the high return on capital because of our deployment is organic versus acquisition driven.
Operator: And your next question is from Joshua Raskin of Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So on the $0.50 to $0.90, I'm curious, can you compare that to the investment spending that you guys had talked about in 2013, and then help us understand how much of that is going to be sustained, i.e., continued to be invested in 2015? I guess I'm just trying to figure out, are these costs sort of normal course of business because you're growing in new areas or are these really extraordinary costs that are going to fall off the P&L in 2015?
Steven E. McCulley: No, I think they're different, Josh. I think, number one, the investments we talked about in 2013 -- by the way, this is Steve. The investments we talked about in the first quarter were around clinical investments that we were making this year, and we've had similar ones the year before. But those clinical investments are enabling us to produce the results in the core business that we shared with you this morning for 2014. So that clinical infrastructure will continue kind of as part of the run rate. I think that was a reconciling item from what we originally started with in terms of 2013 guidance and where we ended up. But those investments are kind of building our infrastructure and become part of the core run rate that produced kind of the core business results that we shared today. When we look to the new investments that we're talking around, around these new businesses, they're clearly different. As Jim just described, we have a long-term revenue opportunity for both of these businesses that we are getting into. And with the duals business, it's largely startup costs. And as we get into year 2 and year 3 of those businesses, the margins will normalize. And on the exchanges, obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty around that business that we wouldn't expect to have long term. So they're clearly different types of investments.
James E. Murray: And I'll just throw in real quickly that those investments that we're making on the core Medicare business are going to be ultimately utilized to service the state-based contracts as well as the Humana exchange business that we're going into. So we're going to leverage those across all of these revenue opportunities, which is also a really good thing for us.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So there may be some spending in '15 in terms of investments. But the cost that you're incurring in '14, you would not expect to recur these, the initial hiring and build-out to support these new businesses?
Bruce D. Broussard: That's correct. Or the other way to look at it is we will have revenue that will be offsetting those investments as opposed to having -- incurring the startup costs.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That makes a lot of sense, Bruce, as well. And then just in terms of -- you guys put up a slide around the pressure on Medicare Advantage rates going to 2015 as well, and I think that's helpful as we near or get closer and closer to February. But I'm curious if we should think about -- it looks like you guys are incurring sort of the worse year in terms of reimbursement we have seen in a long term -- long time. And yet, your membership is accelerating over 10% next year and your profitability, your margins look like they're relatively stable. Should we think of '15 as sort of, hopefully, Humana can do a similar thing or is there a cumulative impact here where '15 becomes much more difficult to sort of do that same -- have that same level of success?
Bruce D. Broussard: I think it's hard for us to comment on '15. I'd like to sort of stay away from that. Just we're 16, 15 months out from there, so I'd like to stay away. But your point is a good one from the standpoint of what you see in us being able to keep Medicare Advantage affordable is really a result of our investments, as Jim was referring to around our clinical capabilities. And I think as you look at the strength of the organization, the strength of the organization is around the clinical capabilities, specifically in the integrated delivery model. And being able to utilize that both in Medicare Advantage that has positioned us well and being able to have an offering that allows us to grow the membership and also, obviously, be able to absorb the cuts that have taken in 2014, it also positions us well to take advantage of the opportunities in exchanges and in the dual-eligible side. So I would continue to focus on the long-term success of Humana or any organization in this industry, whether you're in Medicare Advantage or any other industry-related, is that you need to have depth in the clinical capabilities.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Ralph Giacobbe of Crdit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: One, I just want to clarify, so the underlying assumption around cost trend is in the 5% to 5.5% range, is that correct?
James H. Bloem: Actually, it's 5% -- 4.5% to 5% is what it was this year, and we're saying 50s to 100 basis points higher, so that will leave you in the 5% to 6%.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I'm sorry, 5% to 6% range. Okay, all right. That's fine. And then, I think this may be asked different ways, but -- so the core performance, when I look at it, just at the bridge, looks like core EPS could grow by sort of $1.40 or over sort of 15% off the 2013 type of base x obviously the industry tax and investment. I guess, one, is there anything I'm missing there in terms of looking at it that way in terms of a growth rate? And then, I guess, given sort of the levers that you were able to pull, your comfort level in sort of continuing to sort of grow the business and how you envision or think about the long-term growth rates over the next 3 to 5 years.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I'll take the first question. And I'm looking back to the -- I'm trying to follow your numbers on the growth in the core business.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think he added the $1.38.
Steven E. McCulley: A dollar...
Bruce D. Broussard: 5 to 4.
Steven E. McCulley: Okay.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: $1 plus the 38.
Steven E. McCulley: Got it. I'm with you. Yes, so that's in terms of overcoming the industry fee, yes, that's correct. Yes, you're looking at that correct.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just the growth rate comfort?
James E. Murray: Yes, the comfort level. To Bruce's earlier comments, looking out farther with 2015 and the funding levels and the premium tax or the industry fee is ways off. But we feel pretty good about what we're able to accomplish in terms of our focus on the infrastructure that we're building around the clinical capabilities. And Jim Bloem referenced many of these in his remarks, the focus on getting people into our Humana Cares program, to address them at their home, going into their home and identifying things that we can do to put them into some of the programs that we have at Humana, and a lot of focus around how we can provide more touching of our members as time goes on. We feel it has benefited us this past year, and we're in the process of identifying those kinds of things that we need to focus on for 2015 and beyond. Obviously, the future growth potential for us is a function of what happens in Washington and the funding levels and we'll see how those play out. But we feel very good about our ability to control medical spend and improve quality for the people that we serve.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think just to build on the growth rate, as Jim was talking about, first, we assume a rationality in reimbursement going forward, and stability, because I think both for companies to invest and continue to advance the industry and be able to lower the cost of health care, you need to have a stable environment. But as you look at the end [ph] businesses that we are investing, and I really would like the investors to take away from this, we are investing in businesses that have a high degree of membership growth. And to me, when you look at individual exchange opportunities, the dual opportunity, the Medicare Advantage just from a demographic point of view but also from a penetration point of view, those are very high growth industries within our industry as overall basis. And I think as you look at the long-term growth opportunities for Humana, you should really look at the underlying businesses we're investing in.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Peter Costa of Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Congratulations to both Steve and Jim. Question, your slide on Page 6 with the 2015 Medicare Advantage rate pressure of 4% or a little more than 4%, can you tell us what's in that number? How much is the incremental health insurance fee impacting that? How much -- and then what do you have in there, like recalibration and Stars, and is that the industry Stars or Humana Stars? Because Humana did much better on the Star program than the industry as a whole.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I don't have the exact figures in front of me. I do -- as I recall the demonstration project going away from the Stars is around a negative 1.5 to 2 range. And the industry fee, as you know, kind of goes up from about 1.3% roughly in this year to about 1.75% or so next year. There's a nondeductibility aspect of that as well so that's about a 45 to 50 basis point increase in the fee and -- something in that range. And then, so you can kind of calculate those 2 and see how much of that bar is due to those 2, and everything else is kind of just a forecast of what we think may be in the normal CMS machine.
Bruce D. Broussard: But I think it's the Humana Stars, not the industry Star that's reflected in that number. That was one of his questions.
Steven E. McCulley: That's correct.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk about the third quarter. It was a little bit lower operating expense. Did you move operating expenses into the fourth quarter? Because you talked about sort of higher operating expense in the fourth quarter from marketing and clinical spend. Or was that an increment based on where you were in the year, you pushed up the amount of marketing and clinical spend?
Steven E. McCulley: Let me make sure I understand your question, Peter. But I think there is more marketing spend in the fourth quarter versus, say, last year.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Is it more than you had expected to have when we gave guidance before or did you just move operating expense from the third quarter into the fourth quarter?
Steven E. McCulley: No, it may be a little bit more, not a huge amount more, but it's a little bit more. And again, we're starting to ramp up a little bit for the duals expansion.
Bruce D. Broussard: The duals expansion, we're starting to hire folks.
Steven E. McCulley: That, too, so there's a little bit of that in there as well.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I'm sorry if I missed this, but in the $0.38 of membership earnings, is there any earnings from that -- positive earnings from that, from the duals, Medicaid or the exchanges, or is there negative impact from those 3?
Steven E. McCulley: No, I think that, that's mainly our -- that line item is mainly going to be our Medicare, our core business growth and all of the results from the duals are going to be down below in that investment number, is the way to think about that.
Bruce D. Broussard: Both the duals and the exchange in the investment number.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So, I guess, the main question I want to understand is -- it's helpful to hear the operating margin being up but the industry fee, since it's not tax-deductible, I mean, is there a way to kind of think about this on an apples-to-apples basis of how you're thinking the M&A book being on an after-tax basis in '14 versus '13?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. So I think if you -- gosh, I think what we did in the chart -- in the earnings chart that's in the press release is we broke out just the nondeductibility aspect of that. So I think you can kind of take the numbers we've shared with you and assume that there's an industry fee of around, say, 130 basis points to 135 basis points would be a reasonable estimate. And if you assume a tax rate of say 36% and [ph] change, then you kind of gross that up and calculate the nondeductibility of that. And so I think that -- I think you can kind of do that off the chart is the way I think about it.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The thing about the chart was that the chart just has like a 2.5% bigger gross impact than net impact, which is obviously different than what you just -- the math you just went through. Is that just because you can pass it through on the commercial but you can't pass it through on the Medicare?
Steven E. McCulley: Let's see. I'm not sure. I'll think about that. But I would say on the -- with respect to the fee itself, on the commercial side, largely, we were able to pass a lot -- most of that through. There may be some limited instances where because of the MLR minimums in our small business maybe are a little bit -- we could be a little bit stressed on how much of the fee and the tax impact we could pass through. On the Medicare side, we think of the fee as a new part of our cost structure that goes into the calculus of the bids that we do. And it had to go in there with the rates and everything else that we do. And we had to achieve, ultimately, the target margins that we've -- that we shared with you today. So kind of I think of them as being a little bit different, but I don't know if that helps.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, the retail MLR -- go ahead.
James E. Murray: We would say that when you put all of the industry fee and the funding changes and the secular trends on a sheet of paper, then you have to try to identify trend benders and other things that we do as an organization to offset the impact of those, all of which create our target -- go into creating our target margin. And so I would say that we were able to successfully pass through the impact of the industry fee to our Medicare book of business. However, explicitly sending a bill for that was not part of the equation, which is what happened with the commercial book of business.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. I guess when I look at the Retail segment MLR, the guidance for next year kind of brackets what you're talking about for 2013. But if we're saying that the fee is 1.3%, and gross up to, call it, 2%, does that meant that your MLR guidance is really on an apples-to-apples basis, 85 to 87 versus 84 to 84.5?
Steven E. McCulley: Yes, I'm not sure I follow that math, Kevin. I guess what I would do is if I look at the chart that's in the press release that rolls forward the EPS, in there is -- you can see the investments are in the -- and the exchanges and the duals are also all in that retail guidance. But in that, there's changes in core operating margins number. That's a positive $275 million. And in there, we also had to overcome the industry fee itself plus improve it by $275 million in order to hit the bottom line that's on the schedule. I don't know if -- and the nondeductibility aspect of that is over [indiscernible].
Bruce D. Broussard: I'm going to try to take this real quick and see if I can answer, maybe between the 3 of us, we can do this. What you see is in the benefit ratios that we have that you do see on the retail side us forecasting a range that does show a decline, that is really coming and highlighting the benefit of our clinical programs that are impacting the clinical cost of what -- how we're able to help ensure that we were able to keep the benefits and the premiums at a flat rate at the membership level. Inherent in that is that we were able to overcome passing the tax back because we paid for it with lower cost of the clinical side, so -- in the Medicare side. So it's a little confusing because we didn't really pass it back, we kept the rates the same, we kept the benefits the same, but we're able to pay for that through hard work, through our 15% solution. And you see that in the metrics in the -- on the benefit ratios that we have.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So maybe just the way to think about it is your comment that you feel like you were able to offset the industry fee operationally. All right. So then I guess, maybe just my second question would be that how do you feel about the membership growth that you're looking for? Because oftentimes when you see strong membership growth, it comes with potential issues on the MLR side. I mean, you're talking about, I guess, maybe 9% or 10% retail MA growth if you pull out the duals, which is about, I think, twice what CMS is expecting the industry to show. And most companies are talking about growing less next year than they did this year. You're talking about almost doubling it. I mean, how comfortable are you around the benefits that you've set and how you're positioned for next year versus what your competitors seem to have done?
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. We're very excited about our growth potential, and in large part, because of what happened to us in 2012. We went through that situation where we had the new member growth in 2012. And as we tried to understand what happened in 2012, we identified a number of initiatives that we should embark on, which helped, quite frankly, to get us prepared for this 2014. Getting people into programs faster and creating the analytical tools to enable us to do that is a big part of what helped to get to where we're at for 2013 and what we expect to happen in 2014. So because of what happened in 2012 with us and the new members that we got in 2012, we've developed a number of things that are part of our clinical program that we feel very, very comfortable with and are very, very excited about the growth potential that we've shared with you here today.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you help us understand how much operating cost improvement is part of your achieving your goals on the Medicare Advantage side, in particular. Is there any way you can help us sort of understand that in terms of how much percent, if this is accurate, you may be bringing down operating cost per member? And then I had a follow-up.
Steven E. McCulley: Matt, this is Steve. There's is -- it's not -- there's a little bit of operating cost improvement, as we've talked about. As we grow, we benefit from that scale. So I don't think we guide to that specific number, we guide to the segment in total. And -- but there is some improvement. I can't give you the exact number on that.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And -- no, I was just going to say, when we had come to visit you guys recently, correct me if I'm wrong, but I felt that you had hinted towards achieving same-store trend on Medicare Advantage benefits, i.e., the ones that don't change year-to-year in negative territory. Is that accurate as observation? And if that's still accurate, and can you give us any further elaboration on that?
James E. Murray: Can you go into a little bit more detail on specifically what you're -- I'm not sure I'm understanding...
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess what I'm referring to is if you think about the per member cost for the traditional Medicare benefits.
James E. Murray: Are you talking about medical costs or administrative costs?
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Medical costs. No, I'm talking about medical costs.
James E. Murray: Okay, got it.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So secular trend might be, in any given year, in the low double digits, low- to mid-single digits -- sorry, low- to mid-single digits. But I think you've referenced bringing that down into negative territory for next year was my understanding anyway.
James E. Murray: I think when we talked a couple of calls ago, we highlighted that with funding -- this is for 2014, with funding cuts and the industry tax and secular trends, that we were looking at trying to overcome about an 8% or thereabout cost reduction. And what we detailed back then were the trend benders around home care program: the transition program that Jim Bloem referenced and I think Bruce Broussard referenced; the in-home assessments, which are the early identification of folks who could go into some of our clinical programs; contracting, both facility and pharmacy contracting; the growth of risk-sharing contracts and getting some of the providers that we work with to modify their behavior around quality and cost; some of the programs where we did HRAs much more timely and got people identified that might benefit from some of these programs, that was a big part of our trend bender work that we've detailed before. The MRA work that we do every year, like a lot of our competitors, is a big part of how we offset some of that 8% that I talked about. One of the things that goes lost in this discussion, we talked a lot about 2013 bids and the premium and benefit changes that we made for 2013 because of our 2012 problems, well, actually the 2014 premium and benefit changes were very similar to that which we did for 2013. But what we were fortunate enough to have is all of these other things where maybe some of our competitors did not. And so when you put all those pieces together, we feel very good about how we've attacked that 8%, and now, we need to do that again for 2015. But we're into a rhythm there and we feel very good about the process that we've created to do that.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And if I could just follow up on one other topic, which is on the non-recurrence of prior period reserve development, which I'm just looking at your slide deck table here. I think that's $110 million as a bridge negative part of the bridge you have to climb on 2014. And I just wanted to ask about that $110 million because the gross PPRD, and admittedly, this is gross, I think that you've disclosed in the press release is $319 million so far for this year versus $178 million a year ago. So -- and then, there's a higher number, obviously, on the reserve roll forward table. So can you just help us understand getting from that $319 million, and that's a year-over-year change by the way of $141 million, how do you bridge that to the $110 million there?
Steven E. McCulley: Yes, Matt, this is Steve. So the way to think about the PPD and the reserve table is if you look at, say, the last 3, 3 to 4 years of the reserve development as a percent of the total reserves and you would kind of get an average percentage there, that would give you kind of -- because we use the same methodology year in, year out, you would get kind of a normal what you might expect. And then when you do that, you see that this year, as you noted, is more than normal. And it's actually probably a bigger number than $110 million as you pointed out. But in $110 million, because we do have risk-sharing arrangement with providers, we've netted that down to what the true impact was, that we think was greater than normal net of our risk sharing. Does it makes sense?
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, it does.
James E. Murray: And not to pile on, Matt, but we're pleased with the current year PPD because, as you know, when you do a bid for 2014, you start with your 2012 base level. And to the extent you see favorable development during 2013, it makes you feel better about 2014's achievability.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First question, I wanted to come back to the Retail segment margin assumption. So based on your guidance, you're at 4.8% pretax for 2013 in Retail segment. As reported, you're projecting 4.6% in '14. I'm calculating the industry tax is worth roughly 80 basis points, so on an adjusted basis, the retail margin in '14 would be about 3.8% or down 100 basis points versus this year. Is that a reasonable way of looking at it?
Steven E. McCulley: I think so. Remember that the $175 million of investments in the duals and the exchanges are also in that number, too.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Sure, of course, yes. And then second question, just interested on your thoughts on the exchange strategy, particularly, I noticed there's a number of markets where you guys tend to have a very attractive price from a consumer perspective in gold and platinum products. There are several markets where you're the only platinum product that's available. So just interested in thoughts around the strategy and the risk of adverse selection?
Bruce D. Broussard: I think the big thing for us is most of the markets we went in with an effective network. And that has allowed us to be very price-conscious, or attract a price-conscious member. And so when you look at our pricing, you really need to look at the benefits [ph] of the package as part of that. And obviously, when you have an effective network, you're going to have a reduced opportunity for choice. And so we're looking for the members that are probably less oriented to selecting their provider in a broad way. And we think that those members will probably have less utilization in the particular markets that we're in.
James E. Murray: And the other thing that I would add would be that a lot of people who are a lot smarter than me have done fairly sophisticated models and they've studied the impact of risk adjustment and the risk-adjustment process, as it respects the older age levels. And they've gotten themselves pretty comfortable that the slope between the different metallic tiers is pretty reasonable. And so we're actually fairly positive about folks who might come to us in those higher metallic tiers and our pricing reflects that. Some of our competitions seems to have also picked up on that, while others of our competition didn't seem to spot that opportunity. So we've stepped back and we feel really, really good about our pricing in many of the markets that we're in.
Operator: The next question comes from Christine Arnold of Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a few clarifying questions. So I understand that you're embedding in the $0.50 to $0.90 some expectation for potential exchange losses. Is it possible to size -- as I look at the 3 Rs, I'm really just struggling without a fleet of actuaries to think about kind of what a range of outcomes could look like. What kind of losses in terms of pretax, after-tax margin, however you want to think about it, do we think we can get on the exchange enrollment?
James E. Murray: I'm not sure I'm going to specifically answer your question. I'll give you some thoughts. Steve earlier mentioned that both of the investments are significant for purposes of thinking through how you may split those apart in your own mind. I would tell you that the folks that we have that are very smart have stepped back and said, based upon what's been happening of late, what might this population that we get look like, and they talked about using a COBRA population. And many of you are familiar with COBRA, and people who buy COBRA are likely in need of those kinds of benefits. And so they studied that COBRA population. And they said, were we to get a population off the exchange because of some of what has happened, it looks like for COBRA population, this is what could happen. And that's reflective of some of the investment spend that we've shared with you here today.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. In terms of the levers in Medicare Advantage, it looks like you're going offset the health insurance fee in the recalibration of the risk adjustment model and a lot of other things. Is it possible to think about what you feel really confident, you know you've gotten, versus things that are kind of still out there and squishy. I mean, capitation feels like a known. Were you able to negotiate the health insurance fee in your risk-sharing capitation arrangement or is that still outstanding? Clinical programs, how much help were you counting on in retail MA, and how much do you know is going to come versus not? Is there any way to size kind of what's known, what's not? Like 3/4 is known, half is known, all is known, how do we think about that?
James E. Murray: You're referencing the trend benders that we're anticipating for 2014?
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Exactly. Like the things that you're anticipating in the MA, particularly the retail. I guess, we can just look at the retail margin.
James E. Murray: Sure. All the contractual stuff that I talked about earlier is obviously done and in the can. What we're doing relative to some of these other programs is we've got a team of actuaries. You may have heard us detail on our Friday meetings, our trend bender, our 15% solution meetings. We have a team of actuaries who is constantly studying how we're doing on each and every one of these programs that we've talked with you about in the past. And they continually tell us that the investment that we make in those that we've shared with you in the past is producing the results that we had anticipated. As we grow that membership and enrollment in all of those programs, we have the actuaries go back and restudy that. And so as long as we get to the growth in those programs that we think is necessary to get to the 2014 levels and we're very close, I would tell you that we feel very good based upon a lot of smart actuaries looking in the rearview mirror about the beneficial effect of these programs. And so I sit here today pretty confident that what we talked about for 2014 will come to fruition.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like we're better than 90% there; we're not guessing on a lot.
James E. Murray: 90% is your number.
Regina Nethery: This is Regina. We're getting really long on the hour, and we've got several more people in the queue. We want to try and take as many questions as we can. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your next question is from Sarah James of Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I hate to belabor this point, but I'm still a little confused on retail MLR. The midpoint implies a modest improvement, but you've got the non-repeat of prior-period development and inclusion of exchange members and maybe MA duals, all of which could add upward pressure. So can you talk about what you're assuming for the retail utilization trends and then bridge that to where the underlying retail medical cost trend for '14 is from a baseline perspective and how that compares to what it would look like post the Humana trend benders?
James H. Bloem: Let me go back to the MLR first. If you think about -- I think, the MLR, because of the industry fee being one of the items that we had to put into the calculus when we did the bids, the MLR needed to improve in order for us to hit the bottom line margin because now we had a large fee to overcome, including the nondeductibility. So we would have expected to have had MLR improvement in that business in order to overcome that headwind, which I think it's apparent in the results, that we did. So as you're doing that math, you're seeing that. And again, just with respect to how we did that, I would go back to the overall trend bender discussion that we've talked about with our clinical programs and clinical assessments and the model and the investments we've made over the past 12 to 18 months to produce that result. So I don't know that we get into specifics about what maybe a secular trend is and what our trend is. We have -- there are so many variables there, we tend not to get into that level of detail. Does that make sense, Sarah?
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes. Can you discuss at all -- I know you've done this for the group but you've talked about where the group cost trend will go from '13 to '14, does that hold true for retail? Are you assuming a 50 to 100 basis point uptick in cost trends from utilization? Is that the same in this segment, so the rest you can think of as being trend benders?
James H. Bloem: No. I don't think it's the same. I think we start -- on the group side and the commercial trend, we look at a number of variables. Our actuaries look at a number of variables that have been underlying utilization for the past couple of years and what those same variables might predict utilization's going to do in the next couple of years. So given everything that's going on with health care reform and the economy, you've got a lot of different things impacting the commercial cost trends and that population versus a different set of items affecting utilization in Medicare. So I think it's a bit different. So we tend to see the utilization of seniors being on a same-store basis relatively constant over a period of time, so we don't seem to see the same peaks and valleys that we might in an under-65 population that might be more impacted by an economy or other things. So we see kind of a -- we tend to think of an underlying trend rate for seniors and then we go in and work on all of our clinical programs and all of our trend benders, and we're constantly studying the impact that our work is having on our population and kind of compare that back to the underlying trend rate as a whole. So I don't think we would say that the base trend rate, if there is such a thing, for the Medicare fee-for-service population is doing anything different going forward than it's done in the past. We see that as fairly constant.
Operator: And your next question is from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just had 2 questions, just on the enrollment guidance. The first is just on the individual enrollment guidance that you put out. Just if you can give us some details on what you're thinking in terms of on-exchange enrollment as compared to off-exchange enrollment attrition in individual? And then just second, on the Medicare Advantage enrollment growth that you're guiding for, if you have a view on how that will split up between HMO and PPO?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray, you've asked the hardest question to try to figure out, to be as brutally honest as I can be. Given where we're at today, our assumption is that there will be an extension to the open enrollment period. If there is not, then some of the numbers that we put out there would probably be in question. So we expected a 500,000 sale result as a result of the exchanges, initially, because of what happened, we've seen some guidance from a lot of government entities and what-have-you, suggesting that, that might be cut in half. We devaluated that, and that's kind of where we're at, around 200 to 250. Again, it all is an impact of how long the enrollment period stays open. From the other side, from off-exchange, we expect that there will be some deterioration in our existing membership. We've had to send out some letters. Some of those letters were to change the effective date of the plan. Some of the letters, like you've seen in the press, had to do with the cancellation of those particular policies because they weren't ACA compliant. We've taken all of that and we've done, frankly, our best guess at what the enrollment might be. But I will tell you that -- and there's a wide range, but I will tell you that, that's the one projection on this page that I'm most up in the air about.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Then just on the MA split?
James E. Murray: What was your question on that one, Scott? I got so wrapped up in my answer on the first one that I forgot your second question.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure, just the breakdown between how you're thinking about in terms of the adds, the split between HMO and PPO on MA?
James E. Murray: Yes, I don't know that I have it. Do you have that?
Steven E. McCulley: I think it will be mostly HMOs is what we're anticipating.
James E. Murray: I think that's the case, but I don't know the exact...
Steven E. McCulley: Yes, I don't know the exact percentage, but clearly, we believe it will be mostly HMO-weighted.
Operator: And your last question is from the line of Chris Rigg of Susquehanna International Group.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted to come back to a few other questions right at the outset of the Q&A. With regard to the $0.70 of investment, can you help us -- or just maybe clarify for me what's sort of truly onetime in nature that you wouldn't expect to occur again in the future? And then sort of just what's timing differences in Medicaid premiums coming in versus having boots on the grounds on the state? And then just more generally, can you give us a context of what you actually think losses might be initially?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve, I'll try to -- I'll start off. Again, I think just the way we think about it, what we said is that the $175 million or the midpoint of that range which is $0.70 is effectively going to be losses in those 2 businesses that result -- first of all, they're both significant. I wouldn't say that one's a lot larger than the other, so -- but the nature of them is different. As Jim described earlier, in the dual-eligible expansion, most of that is infrastructure startup before the revenue. As we're winning contracts, some members will come onboard. They don't all come onboard at the same time. They come onboard ratably throughout the year. And so we have to have our infrastructure in place ahead of the revenue. So -- and there may be a little bit of that investment as well in terms of getting our programs to be as effective, in terms of managing all the variables that we have to manage with the long-term support services and the duals and the chronic -- the members with chronic conditions. So getting all of that in place and up and running, think of that as mostly infrastructure that's temporary. And once the revenue gets up to the run rate, then there will be revenue to cover that cost. And then we'll start to approach the target margins that we plan to get to ultimately. On the exchange side, it's much more of a wildcard around how much membership we get and the risk of that membership that we get. And if you look at our range, our membership range was anywhere from negative 100,000 to positive 100,000, and the risk mix of that could be variable. So they're different. They're not that different in terms of the magnitude in size, but they're very different in their characteristics, if that helps.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, like always, we appreciate everyone's support for the organization and especially our associates, our 50,000 associates. We make this look easy as we talk about it, but they are hard at work helping our members and, obviously, helping grow Humana. So we thank all our associates. With that, I hope everyone has a great day, and we'll conclude.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Humana's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Bruce D. Broussard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Steven E. McCulley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tamika, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our second quarter 2013 results, as well as our earnings outlook for the remainder of the year. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be: Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Jim for the Q&A session will be: Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; and Steve McCulley, Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted on the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported second quarter 2013 earnings of $2.63 per share, above our previous expectations for EPS in the range of $2.40 to $2.50. These better-than-anticipated results were primarily driven by strong operating performance across our business units, partially offset by an accrual for expenses associated with Humana's upcoming exit from Puerto Rico Medicaid business. Our second quarter's solid operating performance reflects the continued focus and executional discipline involved in the key initiatives, like our chronic care program, including increased care management professional staffing and clinical assessments. The favorable outcomes seen from these programs year-to-date reinforce our commitment to the related planned investments in the second half of 2013. We believe maintaining momentum on those and other key capable building initiatives, together with our focus on operating cost efficiencies, will effectively position Humana to face the reform-related challenges that accelerate in 2014. This morning, we raised our full year 2013 earnings guidance to a range of $8.65 to $8.75 per share, from our previous EPS guidance range of $8.40 to $8.60, reflecting the outperformance achieved in the second quarter. Jim Bloem will speak more fully to our second quarter results in his remarks. For this morning's discussion, I'll focus my comments primarily on our Medicare positioning for 2014, our integrated delivery model, the build-out of our dual-eligible capabilities, the work we have underway around health care exchanges and our enterprise-wide focus on return on invested capital. Let's begin our Medicare positioning. We submitted our 2014 Medicare Advantage and Part D plans' designs to CMS in early June. The CMS review process is underway, and it appears to be moving along well. The course of our bid preparation for 2014, we took our standard approach of having a multidisciplinary team evaluate markets individually, allowing all the areas of their expertise to weigh in on the many variables that impact each local market. We believe the favorable outcomes of our clinical programs facilitated our effective development of plan designs that reflect our strong pricing discipline and a focus on margin. We expect these plans will be competitive and continue to offer a solid value proposition for Medicare beneficiaries. Another implication of the good work done through our clinical programs is that we anticipate only modest plan withdrawals in 2014. Approximately 78,000 or 4% of our individual Medicare Advantage members will not be offered their current Humana plan in 2014. Less than 6,000 of those members will not have another plan, Humana plan, for which to choose from for next year. Consequently, we continue to anticipate growth in individual Medicare Advantage membership in 2014. That said, the funding pressures from CMS are still quite onerous. Facing these ongoing challenges makes continued investment and execution discipline, particularly for our integrated delivery model, all the more critical moving forward. Turning next to our integrated delivery model, I'm pleased to note that we continue to make steady progress here. Providers are continuing to move across the engagement continuum. The number of risk and path-to-risk providers has risen approximately 30% when compared to this time last year, and path-to-risk providers are up 20% year-to-date. Improvement in the quality experience for our members is a key element of our integrated care delivery model. When the member is highly engaged, both the member and the member's physician are working jointly to proactively identify and address health issues. As you'll see on this slide, bonus year 2014 HEDIS scores on highly engaged members averaged 4.14 versus 2.77, where the provider is not aligned to our integrated delivery model. This is particularly important for historic quality rate rankings. Ratings for bonus year 2015 are due out this fall. While year-over-year improvement is difficult to predict with specificity, we anticipate our contracts will have achieved continued progress towards the coveted 5-star quality ratings. As a reminder, approximately 40% of our Medicare membership is in plans with ranking of 4 stars or higher for the bonus year 2014. As we more fully develop all the capabilities of our integrated delivery model, we intend to leverage those capabilities across all our customer segments. We are also leveraging these capabilities to take advantage of the opportunity to expand our services to the dual-eligible population. As I've said in the past, the dual-eligible opportunity is a strategic area of focus for Humana. Key capabilities in assisting states with growing health care costs include effective relationships with state and federal agencies in care management programs, particularly those related to chronic conditions, pre-65 Medicaid management, behavioral health management and long-term care management. Over the past 18 months, we've executed on a strategy of leveraging our care management programs for our over-65 Medicaid members, while partnering with CareSource on the pre-65 population. The strategy has been successful in proposing solutions to states deserving a full-service benefit offering, while leveraging Humana's strong care management capabilities. We recently announced our intent to purchase American Eldercare, broadening our portfolio of capabilities to include long-term care management, or aging-in-place, services for Medicaid recipients. This transaction also makes us well-rounded offering for the states. Since long-term care accounts for a significant portion of Medicaid benefit spending across the U.S., we anticipate this will provide us much opportunity for growth over the next several years. Though the terms of the transaction were not made public, I'll share with you that the cash expended to be used in closing this deal should not impact our ongoing share repurchase or cash dividend activity. The dual-eligible business is clearly complex. Our partnering and acquisition activity is helping us to streamline that complexity. While pricing negotiation with various states are still underway in many cases, we'll maintain the appropriate pricing discipline, particularly given that it is a low-single-digit margin business. Our awards to date have been substantial. Revenues for dual-eligible and Medicaid awards, thus far, could potentially add revenues in the mid-single-digit billion dollar range over the next few years. Though the mix of lower-margin dual-eligible business with the higher-margin Medicare business will result in a decline for the retail segment margins over time, we anticipate the segment pretax results to expand nicely. Turning now to health care exchanges. Our focus for the coming year includes 14 states with our existing HumanaOne footprint. We expect the exchange products to include primarily HMO offerings, with select market presence with each of the 14 states, ensuring we are offering a competitive and cost-effective value. The preparation process is tremendous, with short time lines for implementation. Nevertheless, our operational teams have risen to the challenge. Tactical plans for sales, enrollment and retention are well into the implementation phase. We believe all this work will result in a measured entrance into the health care exchanges. These growth opportunities are expected to generally counterbalance from a risk perspective the 3 Rs: risk corridors, reinsurance and risk adjustment. We're also developing an expansive contingency plan since, as we've learned in the roll-out of the PDP in 2006, not everything goes as expected in these situations. Our implementation of varying provisions of the Affordable Care Act that have already become effective is moving along well. We do not anticipate any material impact from the employer mandate provision that the administration has recently delayed. Finally, let me speak to our company's enterprise-wide focus on return on invested capital. To clarify, this is an area that Jim Bloem and his team have had clearly in their focus for many years. In fact, with its strong organic growth, Humana is one of the limited number of companies in the S&P 500 who's ROIC has exceeded its weighted average cost of capital consistently for the past 10 years. We believe this metric is particularly critical given the challenges the industry will face over the next few years. What's new here is that we are engaging more of our leaders across the company in this ROIC focus, as we believe it is a measure of shareholder value over the long term. Earlier this year, we implemented the spread of ROIC over the weighted average cost of capital, as 1 of 2 measures in our performance share vesting, providing more widespread attention to the effective use of capital. ROIC compensation targets are not specific to the individual lines of business, but evaluated enterprise-wide to help ensure all our leaders use our capital judiciously. Our focus on ROIC has no impact on the Medicare margin targets we evaluate as part of our annual bidding process. So in summary, we are pleased that 2013 results continue to come in ahead of expectation. Our strategy is on track, our business segments are delivering solid performance, and our execution focus is high. Despite near-term industry challenges, we believe Humana continues to have a bright growth future ahead. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem for the review of our financials.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll first detail the quarter's results as well as our updated full year 2013 expectations before turning to our operating cash flows, financial resources and continuing capital deployment plans. Starting with our second quarter results. We were pleased to report earnings per share of $2.63 per share, which exceeded the mid-point of our previous guidance by $0.18 per share, as indicated on the slide. As Bruce referenced in his remarks, our 3 Puerto Rican Medicaid regional contracts, which cover 537,000 beneficiaries, were not renewed by the Puerto Rico Health Insurance Administration effective July 1, 2013. Accordingly, we recorded expenses of $31 million, or $0.12 per share, during the second quarter in connection with the wind down of these contracts and related administrative costs. Contractual transition provisions require the continuation of Humana coverage for beneficiaries through September 30, 2013, as well as the processing of runout claims for the terminated contracts. Though we sought to renew these contracts, we were unwilling to accept the inadequate returns that would have resulted from their retention. We continue to have a significant presence on the Island of Puerto Rico, serving 34,000 Medicare Advantage beneficiaries, as well as 72,000 Employer Group commercial members. As also shown on this slide, our operating over-performance for the quarter was $71 million, or $0.28 per share, which in turn, allows us to increase our full year operating expectation by approximately the same amount. This over-performance mostly was due to a continuation of moderate medical cost trends in both our Employer Group and Medicare Advantage businesses. With respect to our Employer Group commercial Medicare costs -- medical cost trends, we now see them in the range of 5% to 5.5% for the full year 2013. This represents only a modest uptick from 2012 levels. It's important to note that when we began 2013, we indicated that we were cautiously forecasting trends in the 6.5% range, plus or minus 50 basis points. We also have experienced favorable medical cost trends associated with the improved clinical program outcomes in our group Medicare business as well. Accordingly, we've raised our Employer Group pretax income guidance for the full year to a range of $250 million to $270 million, an increase of $60 million, or 30% at the mid-point, in order to reflect this more moderate cost trends in both our Employer Group commercial and group Medicare Advantage businesses. We also have experienced favorable medical cost trends in the -- in our individual Medicare Advantage business. However, we continue to invest substantially in our chronic care capabilities with a focus on expanding the number of both care management professionals and clinical assessments to expedite the identification of members who would benefit from our clinical programs. We believe these investments generate deeper engagement with our members, which in turn, leads to improved health outcomes with a better consumer experience at a lower total care cost. For this reason, and because of 3 other second half variables which we are continuing to monitor, we've chosen to leave our full year pretax income forecast for the Retail segment in the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion range. The 3 other variables which we continue to monitor with respect to the Retail segment are as follows. First, as always, we're awaiting the release of the Medicare Advantage competitor plan offerings, which annually occurs around the 1st of October. Evaluation of the 2014 competitive landscape will enable us to finalize our fourth quarter marketing plans in early October. Second, we continue to monitor and ensure our readiness for the coming health care exchanges, since this remains a very dynamic situation. And third, we continue to build out capabilities around our Medicaid and dual-eligible expansion strategy. Over the next 12 to 18 months, we will continue to expand our infrastructure in order to prepare for the ramp-up in this business, although again, the extent and timing also remain fluid as we work through the detailed rollout of these programs in the various states where we plan to participate. Moving onto our health care services segment. These businesses are tracking in line with our previous forecast. And our pretax income guidance for the full year remains unchanged. So in summary, we're pleased with this quarter's outperformance and have raised our full year earnings guidance to a range of $8.65 to $8.75 per share. This final slide updates our 2013 operating cash flows, financial resources and continuing capital deployment plans. With respect to our operating cash flows, second quarter 2013 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles operating cash flows were $173 million, or $533 million lower than the $706 million we reported in the second quarter of 2012. There are 2 items which account for this significant difference, and both have already reversed in July. Here's the detail. First, as is always the case, in addition to GAAP, we also evaluate our operating cash flows on a non-GAAP basis in order to assure that exactly 3 monthly CMS payments are reflected in each quarter. As shown in this morning's press release, in the second quarter of 2012, this non-GAAP timing difference was $118 million of that $533 million year-over-year difference. Second, in addition to the monthly CMS payments, we also received semiannual Medicare risk adjustor payments around midyear from CMS. Since June 30, 2013, fell on a Sunday, while June 30, 2012, was a Saturday, the 2013 midyear MRA payment was received on Monday, July 1, 2013, while the 2012 payment was received on Friday, June 29, 2012. The amount received in each year was in the range of $450 million to $500 million. Thus, together, the timing of receipt of both the monthly and semiannual CMS payments fully explain this year's lower second quarter operating cash flows versus the second quarter of 2012. Most noteworthy in all of this is the fact that, based on today's increased earnings guidance range and the July reversal of these 2 timing differences, we've increased our full year 2013 operating cash flows guidance range by $100 million at the mid-point, to $2 billion to $2.2 billion range. From the standpoint of our current financial resources, we're pleased report that as expected, the approximately $970 million of 2013 dividends from our operating subsidiaries, which we detailed in the first quarter call, were all approved and received by the end of the second quarter. This amount is largely reflected in the $883 million of parent cash and short-term investments at June 30. The $883 million balance is after payment of first half 2013 quarterly cash dividends to shareholders of $83 million and share repurchases of approximately $210 million. Finally, with respect to our second half 2013 capital deployment plans, we expect to continue our constant review of potential strategic investments and acquisitions, such as the American Eldercare transaction, which Bruce described, as well as the capital projects that we're always engaged in. At the same time, we expect to consistently return capital to our shareholders through our recently paid and increased quarterly cash dividend and our recently refreshed 1 billion share repurchase program, of which $871 million remains available with a June 30, 2015, expiration date. With that, we'll open the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christine Arnold of Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Thanks for the commentary on Medicare Advantage enrollment growth. How do we think about the margin? Because I mean, you bid assuming a certain loss ratio. And I know that the investments are something that could be fluid. How are you thinking about the loss ratio in 2014? And then is Eldercare accretive or dilutive? How do we think about that?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. On the margin targets, as Bruce described in his remarks, I think we were pretty consistent with what we've always done over the last number of years relative to our Medicare Advantage individual targets. And because of the significant investments that we're making as an organization, that we go out of our way to talk to you about it. I think we feel pretty good about how those are all playing themselves out in terms of the assumptions that we used to develop those bids. So we're cautiously optimistic about that. And as respects with the American Eldercare, I don't think that we're saying anything about accretion there. I think it's an incredibly important acquisition for us, and we'll see how that plays out. And we'll talk about that more probably next year.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you said consistent with the past few years, you've consistently said that you targeted a 5% margin, but you kind of moved away from that after the latest bids and thought more about long-term return. So when you say you bid consistently with respect to the past few years, are you saying you're targeting the 5% margin?
James E. Murray: Well, one of the things we have to deal with, as you'll recall, is the premium taxes. And so we had to modulate what we targeted in terms of our margins. So I would have said actually, that we probably had a higher target -- a higher pretax margin relative to what we've done in the past to make up for that premium tax issue. And so, again, I feel very good about the bids that we put out there. They're going to competitively allow us to, as we said in this morning's release, grow our Medicare Advantage individual business next year. And I feel very good about how it's playing out, as you see with some of the reporting that we did with respect to our trends this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First of all, just maybe to drill down a little bit more on the MA plan withdrawals. So the 78,000 members affected, can you give us any more flavor for how concentrated that is geographically or other inputs that led to your decision there?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. I don't have the specifics on exactly where they were located. But I would tell you that it would be my opinion that those were probably in areas that weren't very highly concentrated and in parts of the United States that probably we don't have what we would call bold-moves focuses for us as an organization. And in a lot of those, as is indicated in Bruce's remarks, and I think the press release, we have other options for people to choose, which we think are fairly close to those that we had to eliminate. So that the ultimate impact was, I think, 5,700 people throughout the United States. And so we feel really good about that.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think it's really important because the team worked really hard to try to ensure that we offered a plan to as many of our members as possible. And I think this is -- it's better than what we thought it was going to be at the beginning of the year. But I will tell you, there's a lot of work that's been done to make that happen.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe my other question would relate to your comments about the exchanges. I think, Bruce, you mentioned that beyond the 3 Rs, you had some contingency plans that you're looking at in case things didn't go as planned, as they often don't in a situation like that. I wonder if you could expand on that. And also, I don't know if you could say anything about this. But as you gear up and think about these 14 states, can you -- is there any way to put any parameters around what would be a surprisingly good number of enrollees that you might pick up and sort of a bandwidth around what could happen, given your product offerings in those 14 states that you're anticipating?
Bruce D. Broussard: The latter question, we're not going to disclose that. I mean, we're -- it's a pretty fluid environment we're in right now. And I think just managing for what comes to us is the approach we're going to have. In regards to the contingency plan, we went into the bidding process and really were thoughtful around, actuarially, how we would approach this. And I think, as you look at the bids in each of the states and/or pricing, we're pretty much in the middle of the line here, not too aggressive and not at the lowest end there. In regards to the plan in my comments, it really comes down to systems around the, really, the implementation of the exchanges. And I just would say that we have a very good system back-up in a lot of different ways if something doesn't work. So it doesn't relate to the risk management side or relate, from a financial point of view, it really relates to the operational management.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James of Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: With respect to some of your Medicare exits, can you talk a little bit about the level of retention or switching into other Humana offerings that you could anticipate in the counties where your products are being discontinued? And then, as far as strategy goes, how much of your individual membership is in 0 premium plans for '13 and, thinking about plan design changes for '14, how could that change?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. The -- I think we referenced 70,0000-ish folks that are in plans that we had to think about discontinuing. And we've been very successful. One of the assets that we believe that we have as a company is the MarketPOINT representatives that have an opportunity to sit across the kitchen table from the seniors that they serve. And they talk to the seniors about options and strategies. And as a result of that relationship that they've created, we feel pretty good about our ability to have a conversation with those 78,000 folks and walk them to a Humana plan that makes some sense for them. So I can't tell you exactly how many of those will retain, but I would tell you that we probably feel pretty good about that. And your second question was?
Regina Nethery: 0-premium plans for '13.
James E. Murray: I don't have it in my fingertips in terms of our 0-premium plans. But one of our philosophies is, and continues to be, to maintain as many 0-premium plans as is humanly possible. And obviously, as Bruce described when he went through his remarks, a lot of people get together every year as we're doing our bids and try to figure out, on a market-by-market basis, the dynamics, the investments that we're making, the trends, the -- all those things that we talked about so much in the past coming together. And we feel pretty good about our ability this past year to maintain that philosophy around the 0-premium plans. And you'll all see that in October.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And second question, if you could just talk a little bit about your decision to enter the Mississippi exchange, particularly in the 36 counties with no competition, and how risk adjusters might work in that situation.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, first thing is considering the population there, it was the right thing to do, I think, for us to go into that marketplace and to offer the insurance on the exchange side. In regards to how we approach it, it is a market that, since there will be only us in that marketplace, it does offer the ability to have a fairly reasonable rate there. So we look at that as an opportunity for us to protect ourselves. And then, in addition, we do have members today in that marketplace, both from a TRICARE point of view, we have a pretty significant membership base there, and then in addition, we have a Medicare membership base there. So we are going to an environment that we already are operating in. And so we feel comfortable with that. And then, at the end, we always said the 3 Rs will help us out in that particular aspect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg of Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just wanted to come back to next year again. Did you -- where you're exiting or eliminating plans, is it mostly on the PPO side or is it a mix between HMO and PPO?
James E. Murray: This is Jim again. The -- by far and away, the most would be in the PPO space, which is, as we've talked in the past, our desire over the long haul is to get as many members and providers participating with us in HMO plans because they offer the best opportunity for us to provide economic value to the people that we serve. So that's what's happened in these markets that we haven't been as successful moving into the HMO kind of environment. So I would say most all of them were PPO.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just with regard to the employer segment results we're seeing this year. Obviously, doing better than you originally anticipated. Is the improvement entirely due to trend or is there some structural improvement that should help you longer-term here get that margin up from that 2%-ish level?
Steven E. McCulley: Hey, Chris. This is Steve. I'll speak to that a little bit. The improvement is largely trend improvement. And a lot of that we're seeing in the inpatient admissions trend being more favorable than we had planned. Also, our operating cost ratio, we're focused on making that better as well. And we're having a lot of success on that as well. So the combination of those 2 things are making the results better. And I do think the operating cost ratio is part of the infrastructure that will continue to run into the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question about -- it sounds like you have sort of investing in the clinical management side of things and trying to shift the types of products that you're selling. To the extent that you're doing that within your product categories and I guess exiting PPOs and trying to get people into HMOs, can you give some thought about how you feel comfortable about seeing membership growth, since you're asking your consumer to kind of embrace a product which is, I guess, different than they've had in the past, and what experience you had doing this on other markets and how people responded to that?
James E. Murray: I think -- just to clarify something, when we talk about investing in our clinical programs, right now, it's a lot around our chronic care program. And our chronic care program has really shown some wonderful results, as evidenced by some of our over-performance this year. And as we look at that program, that is -- it has a lot of applicability to the PPO product. And that PPO product, adding that service is actually a very nice add to that. So it's not asking our members to do something that it is a choice. Meaning, that they're giving something up. It's actually a great add, and we have gotten just wonderful reviews back from our members on the effectiveness of that program, both from a lifestyle point of view and then, obviously, from a health point of view. So from our vantage point, it is actually a great service for our members, but it is primarily offered in the PPO product.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: [indiscernible] I was just going to say, that's interesting. But I guess, it would decide [ph] there's just the physician engagement side of things, which to me, at least, implies more network products.
James E. Murray: Yes. And the other thing that I would have added to Bruce's remarks is you -- and I think you see it in our stats. One of the things we do is not only try to get a model or a chassis built that features the HMO offerings, but we also try to sell people an HMO offering that may not have the full risk elements of it that we've talked about in the past. And so, that's a dual focus for us to try to get people to align around our HMO philosophies, and we've been pretty successful. I think we have about 50% of our folks in the Medicare Advantage individual business in HMO kinds of offerings, which is a good first step. And one of the reasons that I would opine on that that's happening is because people are used to those kinds of things, because they've grown up with their employer having HMOs and PPOs. And so, we don't see that that's a very difficult sell, and we've been fairly successful with that.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, I just wanted to sort of understand a little bit more the return of invested capital thesis and how you guys apply that to your decisions to grow a certain business lines because you mentioned that the duals are going to be a lower than average margin business, which, to me, implies a lower return on invested capital, potentially, profile for that business. And then maybe the exchanges you target could also be a lower margin business as well. So how do you think about growing those businesses or even think about getting into Medicaid in a bigger way if those potentially have lower returns?
James H. Bloem: Yes. Kevin, it's Jim Bloem. Again, as Bruce referenced, we've been using this tool for a long time and have had great results with it in terms of consistency and the use of capital. But now, if you look at the last slide in Bruce's presentation, you can see those 17 businesses that are in the outer ring there, they're all different businesses and they all got different economic. They all require different capital. They all generate different returns. So the return on capital model, what that does is, it helps the company focus on, really, if you will, asset allocations and how we're going to make decisions and move capital around between those different opportunities that we have. And that's why we're bringing it up and we're making it -- giving it wider application throughout the management team. We're always, again, very dedicated to using it. But when you have a lot of different businesses whereas before, you go back 3, 4, 5 years ago, we were really in sort of a monolithic business that had capital requirements and returns.
Bruce D. Broussard: And related to that, you're asking specifically around the dual-eligible population. And the margins are less, but the actual dollar per case is much greater as a result of the conditions that, that population brings to needing services. And so, what we look at it is the absolute dollars that comes to the bottom line are much greater. And so, we look at that as a good returning business. The exchanges are a little different. They're smaller dollars, but there's less capital to be put up as a result of the less premium there. So the -- so we -- but those are great examples where the margin is impacted. But both for strategic reasons and for long-term returns, it's a good business to enter into.
James H. Bloem: And that's why we do it on a corporate wide basis, so that we can look at how does the -- how do all these things individually contribute to the whole.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake of JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question is on capital deployment. So with the rate pressure in Medicare Advantage making operating earnings growth more difficult the next couple of years, I want to get an update in terms of how you're thinking about the company's ability to deploy free cash flow and the under-levered balance sheet accretively to cushion EPS over the next couple of years.
Bruce D. Broussard: Go ahead, Jim.
James H. Bloem: So, Justin, I think, basically, we would look for the same kind of consistency that we've had in the past. We're always working every day to figure out how we can make the company more valuable by -- through acquisitions, by investments in capital programs, investments, et cetera. To the extent we have that and then we also foresee, as you -- as your question points out, that there are some headwinds in terms of the premium tax and the returns that we're going to be able to generate in the initial part. So if we're looking at that -- as we look for growth, then we look at the capital that we need after that. So if you look at -- we talked a lot today about what we're going to do in the Medicaid and dual-eligible programs. So that will require -- that will generate a lot of revenue. And that revenue will again require, from the states, a capital requirement that we'll have to satisfy. So our under-levered balance sheet, while it's more levered than it was last year, I want to make sure that everybody understands also that the rating agencies -- the credit rating agencies give us the flexibility to go up in the 25% to 30% range without jeopardizing our credit rating, which, again, S&P raised in the past quarters or in the past few days as well. So we want to make the company more valuable. We want to protect all of our optionality that we've developed with the balance sheet and continue to move forward. Now when we look at what we've done, I think that's -- while it's not guidance for the future, it's quite consistent in terms of how we split or balance between that growth and then the capital that we return through cash dividends and repurchase. And again, for the first half of this year, about $300 million. Those -- the total for those things for the last 2 years, $600 million for the full year. The 8 quarters that are left on the $871 million that's left in share repurchase, again, would indicate a rate per quarter, if you're going to do it that way, that would be very similar to what we've done for the last 2.5 years. So again, it's all a matter of continuing to look -- as we progress to look at all of our capabilities, what we still need. American Eldercare was a great acquisition for us. Again, thinking about that, thinking about those 17 companies that are on the left of Bruce's slides are very capital-efficient way to get those capabilities. So that's what I think we'll continue to do as we go forward.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Great. And my second question is for Jim Murray. Jim, just following up on Christine's question, can you give us an idea of what the industry tax and the lack of deductibility means in terms of rate for Medicare Advantage? Am I right thinking it's like 70 or 80 basis points?
James E. Murray: I think that's a fair estimate. Yes, somewhere in that range.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So in response to Christine's question, you said you took up the operating margin in the bid because you had to -- well, obviously, in order to offset the lower -- the impact of the 70 to 80 basis points. Is that right?
James E. Murray: We raised our pre-tax margin targets to account for the impact of the premium tax. That's correct.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So if we start at 5% and we take out 70 or 80 basis points and we say that's the floor, and you actually took it up. Is it fair to say that, after the industry tax, the minimum after-tax margin that you would -- or, I should say, the minimum margin on a comparable basis would be like 4.3%, give or take, and it might be even better given the fact that you said you offset some of that industry tax? Is that a reasonable floor to think about?
James H. Bloem: I think the best way to think about it is -- you point out and again, this is exactly the way we think about it. We have 3 things we have to deal with in 2014 bids. We have to deal with the trend, we have to deal with the payment rate and we have to deal with the premium tax. We have 7 things we could do to handle those things. And in every market, as Bruce and Jim have described, we basically use those, although there's no algorithm or way to do it, we think about it individually. And I think, as Jim said quite rightly, that's one of the key competencies of the company is that, by market, we individually do these 7 different levers, everything from how much can we push back to the providers, where are star ratings, what are our trend benders, how much -- what can we look for in terms of competition. But in order to really see how this all turns out, we have our internal target, which is sort of our secret sauce. But until you see October and until you see what the other people have done in each of these places, and that's why the next call is the one that we're looking forward to, when we get all the information and so are you. That's really when we think this comes together in a way that really enables us to talk about this in the aggregate because we do it in the individual, but we don't have a real feel for the individual until we've actually seen the competitive offerings.
James E. Murray: And what I would add to what Jim just said is he talked about when we see everybody competitively in October, that will give us a sense for growth. But what, frankly, we're all looking at to make sure it continues and we're seeing that develop in the second quarter, as we've talked, is the beneficial effect of all of these investments that we're making as a company. To see how those are all coming together, we're making additional investments that we're feeling good about, but there's a lot of blocking and tackling that has to go on between now and then, and we want to feel better about those. So we can put all of this on a sheet of paper, and it can produce a number. But it's the day-to-day activity that creates the result that you're all looking for us to talk about, which we'll be more than happy to talk about next time we're together.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, I want to concentrate on the 99% of your book that you're maintaining your products for your customers. And so, I guess, I'm curious. Is this indicative of a belief that there's a long-term sustainability of those product offerings, i.e. you won't expect additional market exits? Or will you evaluate things every year? And with the expected additional pressures into '15 and maybe even '16, there could be future exits? Or how do we think about that?
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, we always -- I mean, we always want to stay in the market. So that's -- I mean, our #1 goal here is providing its profitable and meets the targets we have. I think as we continue to see rate pressure coming down, then we'll have to evaluate markets we're in. This year, for all the reasons that Jim has said on many different aspects of the 7 different things we can do, we really focused on how do we create stability in the marketplace, maintain our margin and, at the same time, continue to be successful in the clinical area. And those 3 things have really allowed us, I think, to be -- to find a very good, for lack of a better description, compromise for our members for the rates that are being given to us and, in addition, for our financial performance. And all the hard work comes down to managing through that. And so, as we see coming years, we're just going to have to go through that process. Were going to have to go through the processes. How effective can we be in our clinical programs like we have been historically. What markets we have concentration in and great relationships with providers and whether they're risk providers or path-to-risk relationships and what is our concentration of members in the marketplace from just size and scale. And those are the things that go into it. And the more the -- the bigger the rate cuts [ph] are, then the more we're going to lean towards markets that have better relationships with providers and more scale. And that's -- I don't know how best to answer the question more than that.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, Bruce, maybe more specifically, if you were evaluating a specific product within a specific geography this year and you thought that you might be able to either -- I don't know what your metric is, it might be profitable and/or it might meet the weighted average cost of capital -- the return on invested capital would meet the weighted average cost of capital for that specific product. But that equation doesn't work for '15 based on what you're seeing. Did you stay in that market this year? Or...
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes. But we would stay in the market, providing that we saw growth coming in that marketplace. In other words -- so I think if the market doesn't look like it's going to grow and be successful and we can't get the infrastructure in there to support that marketplace, then we would probably exit sooner than later. But for the -- so if you're asking do we just sort of go down and say, "Where are we profitable?" And if we weren't profitable, then we exit it no matter what the future was? Or if it was profitable and the future was sort of not a growth market, would we exit? And I think all of those things went into it. I do believe that our team went into this with the ability to say, "Let's really look at markets that we have growth opportunities in both from a population growth, where we can be -- build successful clinical programs with physicians." And we can get those programs to the market as a result of our scale. So I would -- again, I come back to it. There's a lot of different variables going in there. But it does take a futuristic view of the success of that marketplace.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. So your impression is that the markets that you're going to remain in next year, all but 78,000 of those members that have to shift products, the remainder are in markets that, it sounds like, you feel like have a future beyond just 2014?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, yes. Unless we have some shock that comes out, then we'll reevaluate and go a different way.
James E. Murray: That's what all these investments that we continually talk about are all about. It's to enable us to do that.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. Perfect. And then, I know it's less than 24-hours old. But the CMS release and the PDP benchmarks for next year, I know you know your bids and now you know the benchmarks. Any surprises in there? Any takeaways that you guys thought about?
James E. Murray: On the PDP side, we were under the benchmark in all states or all regions, except for 1 small region, where I think there's some de minimis things that will protect us. So we feel pretty good about that. A little bit of a surprise with how much the benchmark changed favorably to the government, which I guess is what this is all about. It's a market-based situation. But as we step back and look at our strategies and philosophies, I think we feel really good about having a competitive product on the street that we feel really good about going forward. So somewhat of a surprise. But generally, we feel good about what we've bid and where we think it will have us on October 1 or whenever we get pictures of all our competition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley of Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So we calculate roughly that your investments that you've called out and talked about are maybe $0.80 to $0.90 this year. I'm wondering if you'd be willing to comment how even philosophically you will see those continuing? Would you be able to taper those as we move out of '13 into '14, or is the level likely to stay about the same?
Bruce D. Broussard: I would say -- and then, I'll ask Jim to comment further. Those investments will be inherently in our operating performance going forward because they are expense and not just capital investments. Now what we will see, as we did see this year from last year's investments, that we will see returns from that -- from those investments from the point of view of lower medical loss ratio. That being said, we do believe as we -- the program to the level that we need to over the next 18 months or so, then we'll probably see a slowdown of the incremental dollars that we are investing today. So I would suspect that we'll see a slowdown over the coming years. Jim, do you want to comment any further to that?
James H. Bloem: Well, yes. And again, I think the way we look at is, as long as there's good returns and as long as they're helping get the better outcomes and the better consumer experience and the lower cost, we'll continue to do it. And there's still -- as Jim and Bruce have said, there's still a lot of ground to gain there. Lots of people to put into these programs and to identify for them. So again, we feel that it's difficult right now to say that there's a substantial diminishing of the run rate of the expenses because there's a payoff.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, coming back to MA, just to perhaps ask a question in a slightly different way. When you think about your growth for next year for Humana, the majority of your growth obviously comes during annual enrollment. I'm wondering if you do expect to grow doing annual enrollment for 2014, as well as picking up agents through the year. Maybe to parse out how you see the growth coming staged through the year, just as another way to ask the question, perhaps?
Bruce D. Broussard: Our anticipation when we talk about Medicare growth is that we would add membership beginning January 1 through the annual process. And then, in addition, we'll grow through the year with agents. I don't see us saying that we're going to have a dip or...
James H. Bloem: The pattern would remain as roughly the same.
James E. Murray: Yes. We have a target in mind for the full year that was a part of our bid process, and I think our MarketPOINT folks feel pretty good about it. And I wouldn't see that the pattern would change significantly from what we've experienced in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You didn't provide third quarter guidance, as you normally provide the upcoming quarter. Is there any reason for that this time?
James H. Bloem: Peter, basically, what we did when we looked at it this year, there are a lot of things that are still in motion for 2014. And as you rightly point out, we normally do provide quarterly guidance. But in looking at what we still have to do, as I mentioned in my remarks, we still have -- we're still building the Medicaid and dual-eligible strategy. We're still looking at the exchanges. We have the marketing that -- which is -- that's the only 1 of those 3 that are -- that is the same as last year. So we thought -- just as a way of thinking about how we give guidance at this time of the year, normally, we give you the third and everybody solves for the fourth and it just sort of sets up an artificial barrier that when we get to the fourth, we sort of have to say, well, how did we ski through the allocation between those 2 quarters. So we thought it would be just better to say, at the midpoint, we think we'll earn $3.12 for the second half and just kind of leave it there. It's really not more complicated than that.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, last year, you spent an incremental $46 million -- I think the number was -- on clinical programs, and you were hoping to get sort of a $300 million return out of that this year. Can you give us an update on how that has performed? Have you gotten to those kind of levels of return? And then, in terms of the incremental spend this year, how much is it and then what do you expect to gain for next year?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. We have teams of actuaries that are a part of our trend committee process, and they regularly evaluate our spend on all of the investments that you referred to. And I'm comfortable that we've done a pretty good job of getting to the ROIs that we had anticipated when we made the dollar spend. Now obviously, some of that was part of why we saw the trend improvements. But I will tell you that trend always continues. And so, you just can't add $300 million of profit because it's offset to some extent by trend. And so, we're very pleased with how all of these programs are playing out and are very, very disciplined and diligent about making sure that, when we spend the dollars for all these programs, that it pays itself off. We watch it very, very closely.
James H. Bloem: And I think the objective evidence of that is the fact that, at least, in these first 2 quarters, we've substantially exceeded the guidance that we've given. And the primary reason is, again, the moderation of trends.
Regina Nethery: This is Regina. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte of Dowling & Partners.
Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: The question was about your strategy with regard to exchanges. Aetna, CIGNA, United, have been pretty defensive, and it makes sense with regard to their individual and small group exposure. The Blues and WellPoint are more offensive. Your strategy on both participating and then, generally, the pricing range seems a little bit more offensive. I'm just trying to understand. Is this related to your strategy as being a consumer company, or is it more about you being a senior company and you're going after the pre-65s. And is there any downside risk on adverse selection, if you choose to preferentially go for the 55 to 65?
James E. Murray: The -- I'm not sure that I would call us offensive or defensive. I think we feel really good about the networks that we've built in all of the places that we're going to offer products for this category of individuals. I would tell you that the way we talk about it is getting our fair share of that opportunity. And when you think about what we're building -- and we keep talking about investments and I apologize for that. We're creating a chassis on which we can use to care for all of the folks that we ultimately have a relationship with. And we see the HumanaOne folks that are going to come into our rolls as a result of this exchange opportunity. And a perfect example, they're all HMO-based. Some of them may, as you've seen some press about, some of them may have conditions that we need to focus on. But lo and behold, we're building a very solid chronic care capability. So all we plan on doing is using what we've been building for the Medicare business and apply it to HumanaOne. So that's why we feel pretty good about the 14 states that we've talked about entering, and I think we have -- we believe we have the clinical infrastructure, on which to address any of the concerns that some of you may have.
Bruce D. Broussard: I just want to add. You mentioned that because we're a consumer company, which obviously MarketPOINT IS going to be used in the -- in our exchange product. And so, we're leveraging that. But as Jim said, I think one of the capabilities that the organization really looks at in deploying into the exchanges is the clinical programs. And to us, that's where we are -- probably our sweet spot is. It's been demonstrated over the years in the Medicare program. And as we look going into this, that's probably where we'll see us being able to have the most impact on people's health.
Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: So just, I'll just quickly recap, and I'll stop there. So it's not about pre-65s, and you're getting Medicare-like rates on an HMO chassis. Is that a fair assessment?
James E. Murray: Yes. I think what you're implying, and we do talk about this, is this is an opportunity for us to provide coverage to people for their lifetime. And so, this is a nice opportunity to create a relationship with somebody who is under age 65 and have them age into our Medicare programs. So if that's what you're implying, I would say, yes, that's a part of what we're thinking.
Bruce D. Broussard: And also have relationships with people that are already in Medicare.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to stick on the commercial individual and small group and just 2 questions there. One, are you seeing any evidence yet of small employers starting to drop coverage at all, ahead of 2014 at an increasing pace. It's just something that WellPoint had suggested on their call, but haven't heard many of the other plans confirming that at this point. Then, just second, just on the individual membership guidance, it looked like you bumped that up. Is that just more a function that the products' been growing better-than-expected so far this year, or are you now not expecting to see as much attrition in the back half of the year leading up to exchange open enrollment in October?
James E. Murray: On your small group question first. We're seeing some pretty nice growth in our small group business. In fact, there's a movement by a lot of companies to renew early, and we're seeing the beneficial effect of that. So that's actually been one of the areas of nice growth for us. So we haven't seen that occurring, perhaps, as one of our competitors that you referenced that. On the individual, frankly, I've been a little bit surprised. We actually thought that, on the individual business, that people would be holding in place until the exchanges came into view. And actually, what we've been seeing is that there's a pretty fulsome marketplace for that, and you're seeing the beneficial effect. We had actually thought, as our guidance previously suggested, we were going to go down and we're actually seeing some nice growth. And so, we tried to figure out what that might be all about. And I guess, the best thing that I've heard is that people are beginning to understand that they need to buy coverage. And so, they're making that choice now. But that's only somebody's guess as to what's occurring. So I don't have as much insight on that as I'd love to have for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a numbers question. One, if you still see the benchmark rate being down. I think you're pretty specific down 2.8% before the impact of the premium tax. And so, 280 basis points down. Secondly, should we think about the premium tax being about 1.5% of Medicare Advantage premium?
James H. Bloem: Oh, yes. The answer to both questions is yes.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Got it. And just one other, if I could slip this in. Can you talk about directionally where you think you'd be on after-tax margin going into 2014? I mean, I appreciate the commentary on pre-tax margin. But of course, as you guys know very well, it's less meaningful at this point going forward, given the impact of the industry fee.
James H. Bloem: Well, Matt, all I can tell you is you know that our tax rate is very consistent in terms of our statutory rate and our effective rate are pretty much the same. So it's really -- it's a derivative of the same question. So we really can't answer it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was hoping if you could just remind us of your historical approach to new Medicaid contracts. I think the Medicaid plans have historically, generally assumed breakeven in the first 2 quarters and then normally come back 2 quarters later and say they're actually going to lose money. I'm asking in the context of American Eldercare and particularly thinking about, I think some of your comments in the past were maybe less than happy with some of the rates that the winning bidders were able to get on that long-term care RFP?
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, let me try to say this on 2 different ways. First, as we've articulated, we -- pre-65, we really are relying on CareSource to be part of that bid process. So they really are the entity that is bidding and, for the most part, taking the risk on that. And so, when you talk about the Medicaid contracts, historically, Kentucky being probably the poster child of that over the number of years. That would really come from the CareSource side. In regards to the long-term care aspect, the -- there's a few things there. First, there is a collar [ph] in Florida for the first year or 2 to get some experience behind us. And so, as we look at going into it over the next 12 to 24 months, there will be a lot of learnings from that. Although that what we have seen is that in the states that have done this, Tennessee being one, Arizona being another and there's a few regions in Florida that have done this, there has been a very strong success in being able to manage the expenses on the Medicaid side, specifically on the nursing home side. And it has both been good for the state and has been good for the participating organization that has done that. Because it's similar to other parts of Medicare Advantage, as a great example. Your benchmark is your existing cost structure, which that existing cost structure really doesn't have any efficiency. And so, what we see is, is when you're compared to that, you have a lot of opportunity.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Michael Baker of Raymond James.
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the American Eldercare. Are there any enhanced capabilities that you're getting through the acquisition, or is it pretty much just a way to get a ticket to the long-term care dance?
Bruce D. Broussard: No, it really added -- it added some capabilities too, to what we have. Some of the activities that they are doing, we actually were outsourcing at the time. And so, when we won the 3 contracts, we were outsourcing some of those capabilities. So it was very much of a strategic acquisition for us. As it was, it brought a great number of Medicaid lives to us in the elderly population, which Florida is a big market for us. So it both was a good business, but also a good strategic acquisition for us. And we think it is -- it really is a wonderful deal for us in multiple different ways and, frankly, for the state as a whole. I think our -- taking our capabilities and bringing that together with our market share in the market in Florida and, in addition, our chronic capabilities, I think everyone wins on this. Well, I think that's it. We really appreciate, as always, everyone's support. And this could not have been a successful quarter without our 50,000-or-so associates working hard every day. So I thank them for all the work that they've done over the last quarter in making this a successful quarter. So thank you. And again, we appreciate your support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Bruce D. Broussard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Steven E. McCulley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Theresa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Regina Nethery to begin. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Regina Nethery: Thank you. This is Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations for Humana. We appreciate you joining the call this morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our first quarter 2013 results, as well as our earnings outlook for the remainder of the year. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be: Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Bruce and Jim for the Q&A session will be: Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; and Steve McCulley, Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported first quarter 2013 results of $2.95 per share, significantly higher than our previous expectations of $1.75 to $1.85 per share. The results were primarily driven by the combination of strong operating performance in each of our business units, as well as some discrete items that have not been anticipated in our previous earnings guidance. These items include the settlement with the Department of Defense for certain contract claims and the benefit to our Medicare business for the delay in the federal government's implementation of sequestration. Given this quarter's performance and the way we see the remainder of the year playing out, we raised our full year 2013 guidance to a range of $8.40 to $8.60 per share. Since our last call 90 days ago, we've seen a great deal of activity across a number of fronts. Most prominently, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services issued both its preliminary and final rate notice for 2014. The educational efforts and the comments in between those 2 CMS announcements demonstrates Congress' and general public's strong support to the Medicare Advantage program. In response to the public comments, CMS revised its trend assumptions to account for the assumption of physician payment fix to the sustainable growth rate. However, the challenging rate environment for Medicare Advantage continues. In the final rate notice, CMS made adjustments to the risk coding recalibration formula that proposed in the preliminary notice such that combined with the impact of county rebasing, certain of our stronger markets will still see a rate pressure in the mid-to-upper single digits for 2014. In aggregate, we anticipate our Medicare Advantage premiums from CMS will decline by 2.8%. Adding in the impact of the non-deductible industry fee, our government funding reductions for 2014 become well over 4%. Given this level of challenge, together with the out-performance we are seeing thus far in 2013, at this point, we remain uncertain if 2014 will be a year of earnings growth. We are dedicated to doing all we can to overcome these challenges. We are encouraged by the fact that the tactics we will use to address them have historical yielded positive results. In this environment, getting our cost below original Medicare becomes all the more important. This involves continued focus on our 15% solution, including the development of our integrated care delivery model, along with the types of clinical investment -- infrastructure investments I've outlined in our second quarter call last year. Our better-than-expected earnings this quarter are a testament to the benefit of this focus and positions us more favorably for addressing the challenges of 2014. These challenges require us to increase the amount and scope of our investment and enhancing our clinical infrastructure and in preparation for our participation in the health care exchanges, including educational campaigns to help introduce the public to these new options. Specifically, let me outline some examples to illustrate how some of our recent clinical infrastructure initiatives resulted in measurable improvements in clinical quality, efficiency and effectiveness. We increased the number of care management professionals to 7,600 at March 31 from 4,400 a year earlier. We improved our new member predictive models and clinical assessment process such that 31,000 of our Medicare Advantage members are already enrolled in our chronic care programs compared to 4,000 at this time last year. The combination of our care management professionals and the early identification prospective members have resulted in enrollment of 180,000 seniors in our chronic care programs compared to 125,000 at this time last year. By December '13 -- by December 2013, we will expect to raise to 275,000 members enrolled. We continued our efforts to accelerate our relationships with risk providers, as we continued the integration of our recent Metropolitan acquisition with our existing primary care assets. As of March 31, Humana employed has strategic investments or MSO contracts with nearly 6,200 providers nationwide, representing over 530,000 Medicare Advantage members. We also include members covered by path to risk, the total nearly -- the total is nearly 940,000, compared to prior year of 800,000 or 47% of our individual Medicare Advantage members. We are in the midst of our -- preparing our bids for 2014. And we believe, once again, we will have a solid value proposition to offer Medicare beneficiaries. Consequently, we anticipate a net -- additional net growth in Medicare membership in 2014. Our integrated care delivery model, combined with a favorable senior population demographics, continues to position us well for Medicare membership growth over the long term. We are maintaining our positive long-term view across the enterprise. We are staying active in the dual eligible procurement processes around the country. Our pharmacy and wellness businesses are thriving, and our Employer Group business margins are improving. In sum, despite the challenges ahead, our associates are engaged and excited about the positive impact we are having on our members' lives as we help them achieve lifelong well-being. I look forward to continuing to share updates with you as the year progresses. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem for review of our financials.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. First, I'll walk through our first quarter results before turning to our updated 2013 expectations and capital deployment plans. Looking then at the first quarter, we are pleased to report earnings per share of $2.95, which exceeded the midpoint of our previous guidance by $1.15. Additionally, our pretax income for the first quarter of $730 million represented an increase of $340 million over last year's first quarter. There were many items impacting the over-performance for the quarter, the major ones are highlighted on the slide. First, our first quarter 2013 results included the beneficial effect of a $48 million, or $0.19 per share, favorable settlement with the Department of Defense in connection with the TRICARE matter that we discussed on the second quarter 2012 call. Additionally, the 1 month delay of sequestration increased our pretax income by $18 million or $0.07 per share versus our previous guidance. You will recall that we assumed in our 2013 Medicare bids that sequestration would occur on January 1. So in comparing the first quarter year-over-year, approximately $50 million of the $340 million improvement can be attributed to the 3-month sequestration delay from January 1, its originally intended start date. Of course, since sequestration became effective on April 1, this year-over-year favorable comparison will not continue for the remainder of the year. Now the operating improvement of $205 million or $0.81 per share versus our prior first quarter guidance, primarily resulted from the following 4 items. First, favorable prior period development. Relative to last year, we experienced $125 million more in favorable development, including $77 million more in the Retail Segment, mostly Medicare Advantage, as well as $61 million more in the Employer Group Segment. Second, we also experienced favorable medical expense trends in most lines of business. This was primarily driven by lower levels of hospital utilization after the flu season, rapidly abated in the third week of January. Although we are pleased with the results of these favorable medical expense trends, we continue to be cautious in our outlook for the remainder of the year. It's important to note that when comparing the first quarter of 2013 with the first quarter of 2012, there was a significant medical expense benefit from weekday seasonality, including the absence of weekday in the first quarter of 2013. Weekday seasonality alone accounted for approximately $125 million of the $340 million improvement over last year's first quarter. Third, our PDP business exceeded plan during the quarter, as we experienced a favorable drug utilization mix versus both plan and last year. However, as we re-project the members' progression through the various cost-sharing phases over the full year, we don't see the first quarter over-performance continuing to the same degree during the second half of the year. Fourth, we also benefited from a lower operating cost ratio versus plan. As highlighted in this morning's press release, we experienced a year-over-year reduction in our operating cost ratio of 150 basis points in our Retail Segment and 110 basis points in our Employer Group Segment. Most of these operating cost reductions were anticipated in our prior guidance. But since we performed better than plan, we reduced our forecasted 2013 full year operating cost ratio by 25 basis points. So in summary, with respect to the first quarter, these 4 items accounted for the $205 million or $0.81 per share of operating over-performance shown on the slide, with favorable prior period development accounting for a little less than half of that total, while the remaining 3 items accounted for the remainder. In terms of the $340 million pretax improvement versus last year's first quarter, these same items apply, as well as the beneficial impact of weekday seasonality and the 1 quarter delay in sequestration that I discussed. Finally, with respect to the first quarter, we picked up $0.07 a share as a result of revising the estimate of income tax liability associated with the non-deductibility of executive compensation, as is required by the health insurance reform law, as well as $0.01 per share from share repurchases. Again, both of these are against our previous guidance. So turning now to the full year. The same items discussed for the quarter similarly impact the full year. However, most of the operating over-performance for the first quarter does not trend forward, primarily for 2 reasons. First, we do not and have not included any additional prior period development in our forecast. And second, while we're pleased with our first quarter utilization trends, we remain cautious in our full year trend outlook since we're only 1/4 of the way through the year. Importantly, and also as indicated on the slide, we expect to make further investments in our 15% solution and clinical care model. That will continue to enhance our ability to both improve health outcomes and lower medical cost in 2014 and beyond. We're confident that the investments we have made to date are resulting in better outcomes and believe strongly that these investments will continue to pay off as we tackle the challenges of 2014 and beyond that Bruce described. Finally, we're making additional investments in our exchange readiness and information technology associated with our individual Employer Group businesses. Both of these investments also will further prepare us for the future. Now the final slide updates our 2013 operating cash flows and financial resources, as well as our capital deployment plans. With respect to our operating cash flows, first quarter 2013 operating cash flows were $412 million, or $81 million, 24.5% higher than those in the first quarter of 2012 after excluding the April 2012 Medicare payment received in that period. Accordingly, we've raised our 2013 full year operating cash flow guidance by $100 million at the midpoint to a range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion. From the standpoint of our current financial resources, we're very pleased to report that after consultations with the various state departments of insurance and the credit rating agencies, we expect to receive approximately $970 million in 2013 dividends from our operating subsidiaries during the next 90 days. This amount compares with $1,220,000,000 in 2012 subsidiary dividends and will enhance our March 31, 2013, parent cash and investments balance of $202 million. The $250 million reduction in 2013 subsidiary dividend primarily results from the higher surplus associated -- the higher surplus requirements associated with 2012 premium growth. You'll recall that premium growth is a major factor in determining the state required surplus amounts. With respect to our 2013 capital deployment plans, we expect to continue our constant review of potential strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as capital projects, while at the same time consistently returning capital to our shareholders through both an increased quarterly cash dividend and a strong share repurchase program. As noted in our press release, the Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend to $0.27 per share. At the same time, it also refreshed our $1 billion share repurchase program through June 30, 2015. Like the previous authorization, the refreshed repurchase program permits shares to be repurchased from time to time at prevailing prices in the open market by block purchases or in privately negotiated transactions. With that, we'll open up the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sarah James of Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to circle back on a comment that you made earlier about some of your stronger markets seeing mid-to-single upper digit impact from the risk coding recalibration. I was wondering if you could just provide a little bit more color around that, maybe what percentage of your markets may have that scale of impact and if it's coming from the risk scores or the county rebasing to just help us understand a little better.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. The -- we have some markets in Florida, Louisiana and Las Vegas who, over the last number of years, as many of you know, are HMO-related and have focused on proper coding of the risk that we assume as a company. And some of those markets are seeing higher rebasing and recalibration adjustments than some of the other markets that we serve and are impacting us negatively, as Bruce talked about in his remarks.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And second question with the -- you mentioned the rate challenges spurring the $100 million in incremental investment for the 15% solution. So can you bucket the types of investments and speak to the time it usually takes to see a return on those specific categories of investment?
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. The things that we're investing in would be more clinical infrastructure, much like we did during the past year, which is beginning to pay the dividends that you're seeing in our restatements and our improving trends. Things that we're doing are hiring more clinicians. We've seen some success in programs that we refer to as SeniorBridge Humana Cares and some of the clinical assessment work that we're doing. We're in the process of hiring folks. We're going lower in the queue. We're determining that a certain category of individuals who go into those programs, not only from a quality perspective, but also from a cost perspective, we're seeing good results. And so we're going to go a little bit lower in the queue, and that's what's causing the extra infrastructure spend that we're talking about. That's a significant portion of the additional investment. We're also doing some things around marketing and messaging for the open enrollment, both for the Medicare Advantage and the HumanaOne, where we're going to see some exchange activities starting in October that we're pleased and looking forward to. And then I would also say that we're spending some money on the Medicaid infrastructure. Some of you have seen that we're doing some things in terms of winning bids in the Medicare space, and we're excited about that and we're spending to build out those capabilities going forward. So those are the things that we're talking about when we talk about the extra investment.
Bruce D. Broussard: And just to add to that. I think the investor should take away the investments that we're making are incremental, but the results that we have proven, especially from the second quarter through the fourth quarter of this past year, we've seen some great results of how these investments are or are just accelerating those to prepare for 2014.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Early in the call, you commented that you still see net enrollment growth next year. And I guess, when you couple that with the comments in the press release about 2014 growth still not being projected, I guess, can you give us a sense for what that would potentially imply for margins? And I know you've historically targeted a 5% margin in the retail book. Should we think about 2014 with regard to that margin as sort of a short-term step back potentially that you would again target that margin longer term? Or just any color around sort of the margin -- potential margin target as it relates to 2014 and beyond will be helpful.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. We have talked about in the past the 5% margin. It's incredibly early to discuss anything relative to 2014. You all know that we're currently working on our bids. In fact, we've got teams of people in today and next week finalizing our bids. After we finish our bids and feel good about what we've accomplished, we obviously got to look and see what the competition does. We don't get a peek at that until October. And philosophically, I think you're going to hear more from us going forward rather than having an explicit 5% margin target, that we want to think more about long-term earnings growth and the implications of return on invested capital. And I'm not certain that you'll hear us say, "Gosh, we want to have a 5% margin," but we want to grow our earnings meaningfully in the future. And I think we're going to try to change the dialogue around that going forward. And so don't look for a margin target, look for earnings growth targets going forward.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, great. And then one follow-up. You've heard some of industry peers and just the general industry tone has sort of been that what we're seeing in 2014 with regard to rates is really more a pull forward of changes that the industry was expecting further down the road. And so just it's the pace of the cuts, not the cuts themselves. Can you give us a sense, in your opinion, the rate of acceleration? Meaning, do you see the 2014 rate cut being something that you have previously expected over 2 to 3 years? Or just any color around the acceleration there would be helpful.
Bruce D. Broussard: We can't give you specifics. This is Bruce. I can't give you specifics relative to the -- how much is being pulled forward. I do believe, based on all the analysis that's being done by MedPAC, that the Medicare Advantage rates are becoming equal to or less than the Medicare fee-for-service range. And I think that as you see that, a lot of the benchmark changes and all of the recalibration, I think, will slow down as we are continuing to have a higher value proposition when compared to Medicare fee-for-service.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Justin Lake of JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question is on the rates for 2014. Can you just tell us whether the 5% rate cut includes the improvement of Star bonuses that you had and the impact of industry taxes? And then can you give us an early read on your ability to improve 15 Star bonuses at the strong pace that you did for '14?
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, in regards to the rate, as the 4% that we talked about overall, that rate includes the Stars programs. So that does reflect that. It also includes the industry fee that you referenced. So it is an all-in rate. In regards to the Stars program itself, I mean, we obviously had a great year last year and demonstrated our commitment to the quality of our programs. And I think we'll just continue to make that investment. We're not prepared to say that we're going to be at the level on the improvement that we've seen in the past. But our commitment to it and our investments continue to be probably at the -- leading the industry.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And my second question is just a follow-up to what -- Chris' question on margins. So you talked about changing the dialogue to earnings growth and return on invested capital. And so if -- my question is on return on invested capital specifically. How should we think about that in terms of the Medicare Advantage business specifically? And if you are targeting a 400% RBC, what's a reasonable return on invested capital metric that we should think about for Medicare Advantage business at a minimum?
James H. Bloem: Yes, Justin. I think -- a couple of things here. One is, obviously, in the Medicare Advantage, because it's so much of our business. The operating leverage we get by adding additional members, which we reference, are, we believe, we have the ability to continue to do that, will improve that number. The amount of capital that we retained in the subsidiaries, as I mentioned before and is always done in conjunction with the states, and we got like 35 or 38 different operating subsidiaries that we do and each state has different requirements. We started for the first time in the press release today to put a return on operating capital metric in. And comparative to last year, it was 13.4%. And again, so that, as we've often stated, even when we talked about margins in the past, we talked about we were not really a margin expansion story as much as a membership expansion story. So we earn, as Jim said, more money as we continue to go along. And we earn that many that are over, what I would call, very efficient capital base. That's the invested capital part. So when we talk about our integrated care delivery and our clinical care models, we're talking about being able to put more members and to bring out and to build that infrastructure in a very capital-efficient way versus buying all -- buying different entities in each place or rather developing organizational competencies that can be then spread throughout our entire network and that way enhance our return on capital without being capital inefficient to do it, without using all the capital that would require to build a completely owned integrated system.
Bruce D. Broussard: Justin, just to add to that, I think a few important points as we look at our membership growth. In our segmentation analysis of our members, we have really proved out that the long-term value of a member is not just the first year and continuing to have a relationship with that member over a 7- to 10-year period that time has allowed us to historically grow, and we see that continuing going forward. So as we look at our growth, it's not only how we look at it year-by-year, but it's also the relationship that we established over the years with that individual. The second aspect is, as we look at the organization and probably a little different than a number of our competitors, is that our growth has been primarily around organic growth, that the members have come in and we have grown, not as much from an acquisition point of view, but from the ability to grow members based on the sales and marketing and the value proposition we have. And we look at that as a very key differentiator from an investor point of view as you go forward. I know your question was specifically, what are we going to look at a 10% or a 15% or a 7% kind of return on capital for our Medicare Advantage? And I think what we look at is over the long term, we will continue to exceed our cost of capital through organic growth and long-term value that we receive from our members as having a long-term relationship with them and continuing to enhance their -- the care model through that relationship.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm sorry. Just the 13% then, is that a number you're comfortable with going forward? Should we think of it that way?
James H. Bloem: That's the number that it is today. And again, we would look at that number. And again, as we add membership, as we build out the capabilities across the network that we spent a fair amount of money in the last 3 years to build, then -- and so we look forward to being able to spend less, serve more, lower outcomes, higher R/R, same or lower capital. But the capital in the subs is, right now, optimized at around the 400%, to get back to your original question.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you think that 13% is going in line or higher?
James H. Bloem: Again, we would say progressively, yes, we would expect to improve on it, but not in a predictive sense, but also balancing, again, all the business we have and running that again over the same asset base.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to continue on the topic of 2014 in Medicare Advantage. At this stage, is there anything you can tell us about how you plan to offset beyond your internal costs on medical and operating? Do you think this is going to be more member premium based, more benefits based? And if I could just add to that, how are you confident, at this point, in enrollment growth, given that you haven't finalized your bids? I think, Jim, you said it's incredibly early to talk about 2014 and you don't know what the member responses are or the competitor responses are going to be or, for that matter, how CMS is going to handle the plan approval basis?
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim again. As somebody pointed out, the net overall funding impact for us is somewhere between 4% to 4.5%. On top of that, you got secular trends that we're dealing with, which can be anywhere from 4% to 6%, depending upon the market. So the amount that we have to deal with, and I guess our competitors would likely have to deal with, is somewhere between an 8% to 10% -- 10.5% issue. The playbook that we talked about with all of you many times on the past is trend vendors. And you -- we've been successful in the past and you've seen a lot of investment spend specifically designed to enhance our trend vendors going forward. The risk coding improvement and some of the investments that we talked about today and at the end of the year are also focused on that. So we anticipate some lift because of those things. We've got premium and benefit cuts that we can evaluate on a market-by-market basis. The providers, some of the deals that we have with providers are risk-based and various forms of risk arrangements with providers throughout the United States, where they will participate in those cuts with us, and so some of that will be absorbed by the providers that we work with. And also, market exit is another thing that we can evaluate for those markets that don't make a lot of sense and are drags, if you will, on some of our overall results. We don't want to get into anything competitively as what's happening with many of our competition [indiscernible] includes some of the markets that we look at are better than what I just described, some of them are worse. We're dealing with something that you all know, called the TBC, which I would tell you may have had some unintended consequences because we're evaluating that in terms of whether we want to exit a market now. But when I get done and the team gets done looking at all of this and we've been talking about it for 2 weeks now, there's still a significant economic value that we provide to the members that we serve. And in addition to that, the assets that we have as a company that we've been very proud of, marketPOINT being one of those and the relationships that we worked hard to develop with the members that we serve, which Bruce referenced in terms of 7- to 10-year relationships. Because of all of those things and I think our brand as a company that focuses on the senior population, I feel very comfortable in our ability to grow our membership year-over-year, regardless of what our competition does.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, Matt, to add to that. I think a few additions. I think the assets that Jim referred to -- our sales force, our brand, our clinical capabilities is going to be very important in the future as a result of that becoming a tighter and tighter business relative to both margins and the ability for a competitor to earn reasonable return in this business. And I think the stronger will get stronger and the weaker will get weaker and the barriers to entry in the business are increasing as a result of these pressures. And I think companies like Humana are positioned well to take advantage of the demographic growth that is happening. And I truly believe, and I think what this quarter demonstrates, that our ability to add value clinically when compared to the Medicare fee-for-service program is a great, great example and I think has long-term fundamental growth for the organization and the ability to add value back to the industry.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just one follow-up, which is I appreciate the slide that you guys provided on the projected and past funding impact changes. As we look back at 2010, which was the biggest one in recent history to the negative, certainly, can you quantify or at least broad side of a barn, how you offset that looking back and recognizing that how you offset it in '14 may not be the same, component-wise?
James E. Murray: I'm old and graying. As time goes on, I'm not sure I could remember exactly what happened in 2010. I will tell you that the multiple effect of 4 years of rate reductions is having somewhat of an impact on our economic value proposition. But I, frankly, don't recall exactly what it was in 2010 which drove some of the favorable results that we experienced as an organization.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question, just you talked how you want to focus a bit more in the future on earnings growth, long-term earnings growth than return on capital targets. Just given that, can you help us frame what you're thinking in terms of a long-term earnings growth rate for the company?
Bruce D. Broussard: We traditionally have not shared that with the street side, rather stay away from that question.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That is why I asked, but I guess we'll wait for further details on it. Also, just did want to ask a question on the exchanges. And first, just if you can give us an update on how many exchanges you're planning on participating in for 2014. Then I noticed that you did reduce the amount of individual membership that you're expecting to see in terms of declines for this year and just wanted to get a sense of whether that was just because the individual growth was better in the first quarter or are you now expecting less attrition in the back half of the year in the individual market than you were previously anticipating?
James E. Murray: Yes, to your question on the exchanges. On the individual exchange, we -- I believe the team is aligning around participating on 14 exchanges in various -- of the states that we have significant network strength and we're pretty excited about that. And to your second question, the team was a little bit surprised about the growth that we saw in the first quarter, and that is the impact that improves our guidance and not so much what we expect to happen when the exchange goes into play in October.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So you're still thinking about maybe a high-single-digit-type attrition in individual in the back half of the year?
James E. Murray: Correct.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice of UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In the past, you guys have talked about moving toward a 50-50 HMO-PPO split by 2017 in your MA book. Is -- the concept, I guess, has been that you move up a few percentage points a year. Can you talk about whether you can accelerate that? And if you could accelerate that, how much does that help you mitigate some of the pressures we're seeing in the MA book going into next year?
Bruce D. Broussard: I'll start it off and then Jim can add to it. Obviously, we -- our goal is to obtain the 50%. And if you look at where we're at today, including our path to risk, we're at about 47%. And that path to risk really gives an indication of our relationships with our providers and how we'll eventually move them to a full risk-taking relationship on that aspect. The second question relative to how does it help us, it does considerably help us because we have found with an aligned around quality and cost -- our quality of care, when as indicated by Stars and other educators like that, along with the cost, are superior. And so we see the more we can do that, the better we will be positioned to deal with rate reductions like we've had in the past. But that will come in blocks. In other words, it's not going to just a straight line. It will be -- will have to take a period of time. Mostly at the first part of the year, you'll see those changes. Jim, do you have some other comments?
James E. Murray: All right on. And the only thing that I would share is in, I'm sure everybody on the phone recognizes this, that the reason that we're focused on this is it moves the care delivery from focusing on an individual sickness to focusing on an individual's wellness and trying to get in front of some of the events that individuals have. And to Bruce's point, that then, as that plays itself out, really gets to the satisfaction that we enjoy when we have those kinds of models. So it's just a win-win as we move towards that more population health kind of a perspective.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And maybe if I...
James E. Murray: A.J., we will just continue to keep forward -- to have some forward-looking in how we are doing in our path to risk relationships and how are those relationships evolving, both moving to an HMO model and in addition, how we are continuing to build better relationships with their providers.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just on the balance sheet. One of the strengths has been that you're relatively, I don't know if under leveraged is right word, but modestly levered certainly compared to the peers. Given the environment we're in, I could see where you might want to maintain that. Alternatively, you got strategic investments you're making to build out your integrated care delivery network strategy and so forth. Can you comment on balance sheet priorities and thoughts about the leverage?
James H. Bloem: Yes, I think -- and again, it's a very good question, comes back to the ROIC a little bit. But if you look at basically what we have as an opportunity, always in front of us are -- we're looking for acquisitions, strategic investments and CapEx. Those are the things that really improve the value of the company. And then we look at the appropriate level of capital that it takes to do this. It's got a regulatory component. It's got a rating agency component. And it's got, as you would say, there's some value in keeping some optionality. So when you look at all of that, I think that we've done a fairly balanced job in the last 3 years of returning about 50% of what's available back to the shareholders in the form of cash dividends, which, 3 years ago, we didn't pay and now we do. And much enhanced share repurchase. And then -- but again, always focusing on how can we make the company more valuable through CapEx, through strategic investments, which are the noncontrolling kinds of things we did. So for example, last year, we spent basically $1.8 billion doing that. We increased the leverage ratio or the debt-to-total cap ratio from 15% to 22%, still below our peer group, but now toward the bottom end. And we also, when in discussing it with the regulators and with the credit rating agencies, have said that we think that, for our category, a 25% to 30% is an appropriate level. And they've acknowledged that in writing, in terms of when they write up about, for example, their credit rating of us. So again, it's an optionality. It's appropriate use of capital. As I said earlier, it's an efficient use of capital to build out these capabilities so that we still have a lot more optionality left and we can weather what other -- whatever uncertainty is out there or whatever opportunity presents itself.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin of Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So shift to ROIC focus. I guess a couple of questions around that. One, I have to assume, Bruce, you've realigned management incentives to some sort of ROIC targets. I'm curious if that's around improvements on an annual basis or if those are just absolute targets. The second question around it, I guess, would be what was the catalyst to change? Was there sort of a change in management and relooking at the way you guys think about value for shareholders, et cetera? And then the third part of it, and I apologize for cheating here, which was sort asked, which is if you look at the attractiveness of buybacks, I assume in your ROIC model they become much more attractive. So would you expect a different pace of buybacks going forward with the understandings around what Jim just said to the last question?
Bruce D. Broussard: Let me -- my memory is always short so let me try to answer those. If I don't answer them properly, reroute it. In regards to the management incentive plan, I think you saw an announcement or an 8-K around a performance share-based plan that we filed, I think, last month or so. One of those components is actually the ROIC-related indicator. So for the management team, we are very much aligned in that aspect. Even before my arrival at the organization, ROIC was an important part of the organization. And Jim, in fact, I think my second day on the job, Jim brought a slide to me that showed ROIC over the last 10 years and how the company has performed on that regard. So it has been an active part of the internal management of the business, but really was never incorporated in the compensation side. And working with the comp committee and also working with the management team, we concluded, as we look forward, that ROIC gives us the best indication of the right investments to make, and in addition, being right aligned with the shareholders. So for us, it's -- I think it's a good indication for the shareholders that we are walking side-by-side with you and over the years, demonstrates the long-term success of a -- of returns for our shareholders. In regards to the buyback side and regards to accelerating that, I think we continue to maintain the posture we've maintained historically and that is, is that we'll make the right investments, both in giving money back to the shareholders, and at the same time, making strategic investments in that regard. And I -- this program should not weigh that decision one way or the other. I think it will continue to be what we've done in the past. And as we see more clarity in the business and opportunities to deploy the capital back to the shareholders present itself, then we'll obviously be sensitive to that.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And maybe, Bruce, if I could just sort of ask to follow up on that. You talked about ROIC, obviously, and you juxtapose that was moving away from margin target. The incremental return on invested capital for a new member, even at a significantly lower margin than the overall book, will be significantly higher than your existing 13%. So should we think about this as a new strategy and one in which you think now is the time to really put pressure on your competitors around the products that you are going to bring to market for new membership growth?
Bruce D. Broussard: I think -- I don't -- wouldn't say it's a different strategy. I think it's just taking -- it's an extension of what we're doing already. But I do believe it is taking into account the long-term value that we see in having a relationship with the Medicare member and being able to look at our earnings, not only just on the short-term earnings basis, but really on the long-term aspect of adding value to both the member and our shareholders. So I wouldn't call it a change, and I wouldn't say that we're just going to go out and grab share irresponsibly. I think it is just a constant way to say what is the best interest over a 3- or 4-year period of time for our shareholders and our members and how do we look at that as opposed to just looking at a year-by-year bid strategy. And that's how our decisions are made.
James H. Bloem: And if I could just add about the share repurchase then. Looking at share repurchase versus making the company more valuable, you're right, when you look at should we buy back stock or should we invest in CapEx or acquisitions or other strategic investments, you get the 1 year pickup when you do that. But over time, when you make those investments, those investments make you money year after year after year. And that's what really -- that's really what the trade-off we look at when we look at how much shares to buy back and what the real priority. So what I said earlier about you first go after things that make the company more valuable, that's why you do that.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. I was thinking more against dividends, right? Buy back significantly, more enhancing ROIC than dividend.
James H. Bloem: Yes, well, both help you get to the appropriate level of capital, which is really what this is about. And when Bruce mentioned that we've been running the company like this over the years, that's really what it's been about. That and making sure that, that return we get exceeds the cost of the capital that we have.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ana Gupte of Dowling & Partners.
Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: I was trying to get a sense for the offsets that are available to the ability to preserve margins to a more quantifiable level, not just for 2014, but also going forward. So you put a very fine point on your rate headwinds for 2014. I think it's very close to 5%. And then you have, let's assume, 3% basic cost trend. If you look at the mitigating offsets, I'm just -- let's just assume you exercise the entire TBC. That's about 3%, the $34 PMPM that they offered, and then assuming you have about a 1.5% to 2% ability to do risk adjusters. So the things that are left to you would be SG&A, moving to this global full-risk model and vertical integration. So with where you are on those 3 and you have probably more potential than some of your competitors, given your starting baseline, can you give me some color on what you could do in '14 and what might be the potential run rate going forward?
Bruce D. Broussard: No. We're in the middle of bids and this is a very competitive environment. Some markets look better than other markets. We've got all kinds of the things in our toolkit that we're focused on in certain markets. Some of those tools are more impactful than in other markets. And next week, when we do our, what we call, our lockdown meetings, we'll get a sense for how it's all rolling up in total. But for purposes of competitiveness, I'd just as soon tell you that we're working really hard to figure out where we need to be market-by-market. We've been successful in the past with this effort, and we're cautiously optimistic we'll be successful again for next year.
Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay. Well, let me just go back to the chart that you've been showing us then on the Investor Day and some presentations after. You have a 70% cost base relative to Medicare for the full risk, and I think it's 90% for no provider incentives. If you just work off of that, the full risk includes vertical integration or you're just talking about a contracted model? And where are you right now on that spectrum? I thought I heard a number in response to A.J.'s question. So what are you targeting? One could work off of that and get a sense for what -- where you might be in '14 and then beyond.
James E. Murray: Yes, I think Bruce referenced earlier, if you look at where we're at now, I think he referenced 47%. And as we -- one of the other areas of investment that we have for 2013 is accelerating the acquisition of primary care physician practices and building primary care physician practices where we're excited about what's developing there. We have 17 clinics that we're in the process of building where we just closed on a recent acquisition in Texas with a medical group that we're very, very pleased about. Those efforts are going to accelerate. I think the last time we were together, we talked about the desire to acquire 1,000 physician practices over the next 3 years. And so all of those things are going to be part of what you're going to see us focusing on as we move more from insurance to care delivery. But again, right now, it's really early. It's May, I think it's May 1. And so providing color and numbers relative to how we're going to do in '14 is really, really early. There's too many things that yet need to be figured. But we're really, really focused as an organization on expanding our clinical model, moving our relationships more to be risk-based and that's what we wake up thinking about day in and day out.
Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: And then, finally, on -- so I mean, I'm reading this as -- if I just look at this and put some rough math, it seems me that the offsets could even lead you to keep margins flat, but I'll leave it at that. And then the second thing on run rate SG&A...
Bruce D. Broussard: Okay. I hope you enjoyed it.
Regina Nethery: Ana, go ahead with your question. You were asking about SG&A?
Ana Gupte - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay. Yes, I was asking about run rate SG&A. So your 8.9%, $100 million is onetime investments. Do you see those continuing into '14? And then can you just give me a sense of your run rate expectations, of what SG&A could look like sort of run rate?
Steven E. McCulley: We do have -- I think you're referring to the $100 million invest -- I'm sorry, this is Steve. On the $100 million investments, most of those are going to be in the clinical space and they'll be quality related. They won't -- a lot of that won't be in the admin cost. You did see our retail SG&A ratio improve nicely year-over-year and that's certainly a part of the strategy. So having scale here is important. And we do have a good plan for 2014 to continue to bring the SG&A ratio down. I don't think we want to guide to that number today. But you'll see continued improvement in that metric as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions on what the rate cut means, if anything, to your ability to kind of move, along the spectrum to risk. I mean, how are your physician partners looking at this rate cut? I mean, you mentioned that you've got some capitation in here, which provides a little buffer versus rate cuts. But for the physician side of things, if you're trying to get someone to move along the path to risk and now you're telling them that the target earnings potential for them is probably going to be lower than what you might have thought otherwise, how do you think about that? And is there some functional limit to how much you can end up kind of flexing down on capitated membership because the doctor is going to need x percent increase versus fee-for-service to get them to do all the work that needs to be done to really be integrated?
Bruce D. Broussard: In general, what we're seeing in the physician community is that they're -- they have pressures from all sides. So I wouldn't -- this is a relative measurement, and I think any pressure that's coming from Medicare Advantage is probably multiplied in the commercial space, and in addition, in the Medicare fee-for-service space. So I would say that in the proper setting, this is actually a benefit for the physicians because it allows them, as Jim said, to move from treating patients to the ability to look at patients from a -- from their health point of view and evolving them. And we find that physicians are excited about that because it becomes less of a volume game and more around quality and cost. And so we find them to embrace it. In regards to how much can we flex, I mean, we continue to believe being a partner with physicians is important, and therefore, our ability to flex and push rates down are dependent on our relationship with them. I mean, we have contractual relationships and with a lot of the groups out there today and those contractual relationships allow us to pass those rates on and the reduction to them, which we will do. But what we are generally seeing in the marketplace is that physicians and organizations do much better when properly given the tools and given the proper motivation in a risk-based environment than a fee-for-service environment. And if we can help through our path to risk programs and our ability to invest and help them evolve, we think we have a long-term success in those relationships and really are helping them out in the pressures outside of Medicare Advantage.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like you don't see any real change yet on the physician engagement side of things as far as their willingness to move that. So then -- so I guess, on the -- another question would be, as you thought about moving these -- your businesses from an unintegrated PPO product to more integrated product, more HMO, my guess is that probably some of the benefit that you were looking to get was going to be from coding. And if you think about a few hundred basis points delta now versus between where you thought you might get to now with the final rule to where you actually will get, it doesn't sound like you've really -- with the fact that you think you're going to grow membership next year, it doesn't really sound like you've dramatically changed the -- your thought process around what markets are viable over time. So I just wanted to understand that a little bit. How do you think about 2014 as the year to get out? Do you get out of a market today if you feel like it's going to be marginally profitable tomorrow but then unprofitable in 2015? Or do you really wait until it turns negative before -- or do you get out today or do you wait until that turns negative before you make that decision to pull out of a market?
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim. The market leadership has put together a document, if you will, that evaluates 80 markets throughout the United States. And they've put together their strategies and plans and the relationships that they want to create in all of those markets. And what falls out, there are some markets where the provider systems that exist in those particular markets are such that we don't see any kind of long-term success there. And so for that reason, it's likely that those are markets that we need to think about differently than we have in the past. And the other dynamic that I mentioned earlier is this whole PVC calculation, and the teams understand the mechanics of that a lot better than I do. But what it creates is a dynamic that over time, if you don't choose to exit today, it could get worse for you. And so they're stepping back and they're thinking really long term about a particular market and they're choosing, I think, this year to say, "Maybe it's time to close up shop."
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So you are proactively looking at things on a longer-term basis this year. Even with that decision process, you still feel like 2014 is going to have net membership growth?
James E. Murray: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Windley of Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping to get some of the trend benders in a slightly different way. So you commented about the increase in the number of members in chronic care programs, increase in the number of members in care management. Can you give us a metric or a delta on what the difference is in the cost experience on those members that are in those programs versus not? Or how much the improvement -- how much of an improvement you see when you get them in those programs?
James E. Murray: We have a team of actuaries that have evaluated the new enrollment in all those programs and they do regular evaluations of savings. But I hate to talk about it that way. I'd rather talk about it more from a quality perspective. And by the way, it's really good from a cost perspective as well. Suffice it to say, that I told you earlier that we're going to go lower in the queue. So that tells me that there's tremendous opportunity to get folks in these kind of clinical programs that stabilize them in their homes. They're well received. The members love them. We love them. It's the right thing to do. And -- oh, by the way, it's starts with the trend benders. And I'd rather not to talk about ROIs and things like that because I just don't think that's the right way to think about it.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got you, okay. So Jim, if I ask a different way, last year, when you stepped up -- when the company stepped up investment, I think it was a $46 million number expected to generate $200 million to $300 million in cost structure improvement, has the payoff on that investment paid off to that degree?
James E. Murray: Well, I think we reported some fairly strong earnings in the first quarter and you saw some favorable restatements from last year. I think a lot of the spending that we did because we have the second quarter issues, which was embarrassing for us, are beginning to pay dividends this year. And we feel good about what's happening in 2013. They need to continue in order for 2014 to be a good year for us as well.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if I could throw in just a couple of quick ones, housekeeping, I think. The health care services metrics page, the owned JV primary care providers under risk actually went down and I wondered what drove that. And then, Jim Bloem, if you could perhaps quantify how much flu cost ended up being in the first quarter?
James E. Murray: Let's go on record of saying that, that was way over 2 questions, but we'll answer it.
Steven E. McCulley: I will -- let me -- you're trying to fit the record. David, this is Steve. So on your second around the flu. I think what we've said before is, as I recall, that the first quarter impact was around -- we estimate it to be $50 million. It was maybe a little less than that, not -- it was still a significant event, but maybe it ended up being a little bit less than that. The flu admission data that we looked at really just ended sharply in the third week of January. And by the time we got to week 4 in January, it was a nonevent for us. So I would say it was a little less than what we said before, but not materially. So I'm not sure about your provider count question. I don't know if anyone else has a...
Regina Nethery: This is Regina. I think it had to do with -- we had one provider group that was acquired by someone else, so small change associated with that. But other than that, it's been growing quite nicely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Is there any reason to assume that the coding intensity adjustment and the recalibration adjustments would pass less to your providers than, say, the sequestration cuts did?
Bruce D. Broussard: I don't -- I wouldn't -- I'm trying to follow that, Peter. I don't think so. I mean, I think in our relationships that we have, I mean, it's a percentage of...
James H. Bloem: I think of the same, yes.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So the premium tax then, that wouldn't pass as readily to the providers, I would assume. Is that correct?
James E. Murray: We're in the process -- some of our contracts stipulate that, that gets explicitly passed down. Some of our contracts, it's kind of a relationship and negotiation, and we're in the process of working with all the provider partners to pass as much of that as possible. You have to step back and say, "Gosh, we can keep pushing down a lot of stuff, but what do we have at the end of the day because we've done some damage to the provider network that we think is one of our strongest assets?" And so that's just a market-by-market, provider-by-provider evaluation that we need to make and I know the team that's out there does a lot of smart things in terms of evaluating all of that.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then second question. Your health services business stayed flat in terms of contribution year-over-year. You're talking about stepping up spending to continue to improve that. Will that -- so I assume it's going to be more negative in terms of performance going forward. Are we going to see earnings ever come from that business? Or is that always going to be sort of a receptacle for some of your spending as opposed to where you're seeing the performance show up on the plan side in terms of earnings improvements?
James E. Murray: Earlier, I referenced the 1,000 physician practices that we're targeting, acquiring over the next several years to set up -- us up well for the long term. When we began to provide that infrastructure and that business, I would expect that you're going to see some really strong earnings growth in the future. Not to mention the pharmacy business, that is a wonderful contributor for us and has been over the last number of years. So I believe the health services organization, after we get through this period of investment spending that we've detailed, will be a significant contributor going forward.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Will that be in 2014? Or when will that be exactly?
James E. Murray: I would estimate that we'll see the beneficial effects of a lot of this probably more in '15 because we've got some issues relative to '14 with some of the pushdown that I talked about of these funding cuts that are -- is going to impact those businesses in '14. I would expect that you'll see some nice lift starting in '15.
Bruce D. Broussard: And I think, Peter, I know you're looking at the financial statements and the like, but when you peel it back, that division is a large contributor to the organization as a result of all of the great clinical activities it has going on. And in addition -- and also the relationships it creates with our members. So I look at it as much broader than just the financial results that's in there. And that's why you see us being very bold in our investments in that area because we are seeing some really good things that show up in the Retail Segment, but wouldn't occur without those investments in that particular segment.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just the last question. I assume most people in this call have always appreciated the work Jim has done here. But can you update us on the CFO search?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes. And we all -- I sort of stutter here because we respect the dickens out of Jim. And -- but we understand that he would like to enjoy some time outside of Humana, so we appreciate that. But the same time, he has been very gracious in allowing us a long-term transition and helping whoever fills that seat as having a successful transition for that. That being said, we are in the market today, beginning to both interview internal and external individuals for that position. We anticipate that we will have somebody in the latter part of the third quarter and that will allow time for Jim to help in that transition and really have a dual transition in that aspect.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Christy Arnold of Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: About 20% of your Medicare Advantage medical cost were capitated as of the end of 2012. Is it possible -- I know you said it's early and you're still working with your relationships. Is it possible to give some estimate of how much percent of premium capitation you'll have in 2014? And then how should we think about the impact of 2014 payment changes to your Employer Group profitability? Do you have multiyear contracts? Can you pass along these cuts? How does that work?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I'll handle the capitation question. I think you said that 20% of our medical expense was capitation expense currently. And what might that do in '14, we would expect it to increase some. I don't think we're guiding to that number. And then, I'm trying to recap your question. We currently have about 26 in change percent in risk arrangements -- for HMO risk arrangements and about half of our total Medicare membership is in an HMO. That means that there is a portion that are in HMO arrangements where there's not risk going on, but there's still primary care capitation involved and maybe some specialist capitation involved. And what will happen over time is some of those members and providers in those buckets will move to risk models over time. And we've guided to, by 2017, having us up to 50% of our membership in the risk arrangement. So we haven't guided to how much is going to happen each year. But it stands to reason that the capitation expense, as a percentage of our total expense, will increase in '14 and '15 as we move the -- transition the model down the road.
James E. Murray: Christine, this is Jim. Could reask -- I apologize. Can you reask your Employer Group question again?
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, we're looking at kind of the negative 8% to 10% spread. And I'm wondering, do you have multiyear contracts with employers such that you won't be able to pass that on? Or is it pure negotiation? Can all of that be renegotiated to pass some of that on in different ways? Or is there an issue with Employer Group that we should know about, given the negative spread?
Regina Nethery: And you're talking group MA, correct, Christine?
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, yes, exactly.
James E. Murray: The contracts that we have with all the Employer Groups are generally 1 year. We have negotiations. Many of those negotiations are going on as we speak. There are negative spreads in -- and I described those earlier when I said, I think I said 8% to 10%. But those same toolbox items that we have for our individual also work for the group. And so I don't -- the spread is going to be reduced because of all those good things that we're doing. Group members also participate in SeniorBridge and Humana Cares, are also a part of the clinical assessments program. And so we're in the process of talking to a number of the large groups that we do business with. They're very excited and happy with the work that we do. One of the constant things that they do is measure where our premium that we charge for the RAP benefit relates to itself against the Medicare supplement opportunity. And we're always in pretty good shape with that right respect. So I feel very good about the group business going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe of Crdit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just want to go back to that last part of the question on the group MA side. I guess, how do we think about the growth heading into 2014 maybe relative to the individual? And are there more levers to offset the pressure in that business than on the individual?
James E. Murray: I would tell you that I wish that more of the groups that we work with would be more willing to think about different benefit designs, so that we can get the members that we serve thinking more about wellness as opposed to sickness because a lot of those are more PPO-based than they are HMO-based. But again, the same levers that we pull for the individual business that exist throughout all the United States also impact the dynamics of the group Medicare membership that we serve. And so we have a lot of things and levers that we can pull to continue to create a value proposition for the Employer Groups that we serve there. But again, I wish they would be more willing to think about different benefit designs and get those members more engaged in their care delivery and working with us going forward. But I feel -- as I look out for the next several years, I see a lot of economic value that we can provide -- continue to provide those -- to those customers that we serve.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a little more on sort of near term. For the quarter, obviously, you saw favorable seasonality in PPRD that helped and that may not repeat and seasonality could actually potentially work against you, if any procedure sort of get pulled into 2Q. You have the sequester hit. You have incremental investments. So I guess the question is, just help us with the comfort and confidence that kind of raised the 2Q guidance at this point.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I'll take a run at that. So as we raise the 2Q guidance, we hadn't given Q2 guidance before, so we're raising the full year guidance.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry, just relative to consensus, I guess, or our expectations. Sorry.
Steven E. McCulley: Okay. So I don't -- I'm not even -- I'm not sure what that was. But from our perspective, we did see -- I think what we were trying to point out with the seasonality and the sequestration in Jim's comments was just to highlight the fact that there's a lot of favorable things that are happening in 1Q. And if you look at our total guidance for the full year, the percentage of our earnings that we're earning in 1Q of '13 is a big percentage, much bigger than it's been in any recent history. And we're trying to point out the reasons why that's the case. The seasonality comparison this quarter-over-quarter, everything else being equal, is a big number just due to leap year last year and the way the Mondays and the number of days and the month fall, as well as the sequestration, which was delayed for us. So -- but still, there was underlying improvements in our trends and our SG&A cost. So as we look at those, we do feel comfortable raising the guidance for the full year. And obviously, the things that happened in 1Q increased the full year as they flow -- as they just flow into the total. So I don't know if that helps or not.
Bruce D. Broussard: And we want all those to continue and get bigger as the rest of the year goes on to position us nicely for '14.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Talked about facing bigger rate cuts in places like Florida. Those are also your strongest markets. They're best equipped to handle the reductions. So as you think about a scenario where earnings don't grow in 2014, are you more concerned about lower earnings in the strong Medicare markets or earnings pressure and/or market exits in some of the weaker markets?
James E. Murray: This is Jim. I'm not sure that I have a particular one item that concerns me. The one thing that I would tell you, I don't know whether the team that's around the table shares this, is I'm not sure how 2013 is going to turn out. And if it gets -- continues to get better, comparisons to next year are going to be more difficult. But having said that, if '13 continues to get better, that's a nice target for 2014. I don't think of anything as a one particular area that I'm most concerned about other than the hill that we have to climb in terms of the 8% to 10% headwind that I kind of detailed earlier.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then the second question, is it smart to shift the dialogue away from margins and to returns? So I'm thinking, at a 400% risk-based capital ratio and a 5% margin, the return on a Medicare member would be something in excess of 30%. So do you really want to highlight that?
James H. Bloem: Again, it's a matter of the way we look at it. As Bruce said and as Jim said, starting off, we want to improve earnings every year. And then we want to run that over our capital base that remains appropriate than meeting the same or less as we go forward.
James E. Murray: They took my CPA away a long time ago, but I think that earnings growth ultimately drives our share price. And so focusing on growing our earnings going forward each year will help us to drive our share price going forward. And so that's a part of how we're beginning to think as opposed to a margin target explicitly.
James H. Bloem: So as you continue to grow your membership, remember, we improve, as we've learned all of this together in the last year, we improve as the member stays with us longer and gets through these programs and gets the benefits of them. So that's the other part. As you grow, you continue to have new and that's what makes it, Carl, not just the math that you -- was in your question.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think most importantly, as you look at the business model, I mean, return on invested capital margin growth is the end result. But what we are affecting doing is really improving people's health, and at the same time, helping lower the cost of health care. And to us, the vision that we have is to able to return an adequate return to our shareholders, which I think over the years Humana has demonstrated. And at the same time, be a solution to one of the largest societal issues today and that's health care costs. And that's what you see all the our programs focused on in the doing and you see a growth in members as a result of that.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to the company for any final remarks.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, like always, we thank everyone for their support. But the success of the organization is really due to our great 44,000 associates, which we thank them for their continued contributions to the organization and allowing us to have successful quarters like the most recent one. So everyone, have a great day, and we again appreciate your support.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Bruce D. Broussard - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Steven E. McCulley - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Lindsay, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Humana's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you. We appreciate you joining the call this morning. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our fourth quarter 2012 results, as well as our earnings outlook for 2013. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the prepared remarks and the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; and Steve McCulley, Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Bruce D. Broussard: Thank you, and good morning. In today's call, I'll provide a brief recap of 2012, an update on our thoughts around 2013, and importantly, how we believe how 2013 positions us for continued success in 2014 and beyond. Today, Humana reported fourth quarter 2012 earnings per share of $1.19 and full year EPS of $7.47, ahead of our previous expectations. Our 2012 results reflect the continued implementation of our company's strategy, offering our members affordable health care, combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets. The strategy's engine is our integrated care delivery model, which is designed to seamlessly unite quality care and a high member engagement, enabled via sophisticated data analytics. We believe this strategy is positioning Humana for sustainability and growth in membership and earnings. In 2012, we furthered the implementation of this strategy and achieved some notable milestones. First, we saw significant progress in our Star quality rating from CMS. For bonus year 2014, our average Star rating increased from 3.28 to 3.82. The contract that includes the majority of our Florida membership earned 4.5 stars. We have the only plan offered by a publicly traded organization that has earned a 5-Star rating, and most significant is that the percentage of our members and plans rated 4 Stars or above increased to 40%. Our second milestone for 2012 was that we significantly expanded our HMO offerings. We believe HMOs allow our integrated delivery model to work more effectively for our members than any other option plan. The percentage of Individual Medicare Advantage members who chose to enroll in our -- in an HMO reached 48% during the AEP and is expected to continue to rise through the remainder of the year. We anticipate the full year will show new HMO enrollment of over 50%, our highest since the implementation of Medicare Modernization Act in 2006. Our third milestone, we were successful in our bids for Medicaid business in Ohio, Illinois and Kentucky, including individuals dual-eligible for Medicare and Medicaid in both Ohio and Illinois. Fourth, we furthered the build-out of our integrated care delivery model through our acquisitions of Metropolitan Health and Certify Data Systems and through our investment in MCCI and JenCare. In addition, we acquired approximately 50 primary care providers that we integrated into our concentric care delivery network. The last 2012 milestone I'll highlight is the noteworthy action we took in connection with the issues we experienced with our second quarter results, by accelerating infrastructure investment to quickly address problems stemming from our enrolling new -- more new members than higher-than-expected medical benefit ratios. Later in the call, I'll review the details to our progression. For 2013, we continue to anticipate full year earnings per share in the range of $7.60 to $7.80. In his remarks, Jim Bloem will describe some recent developments that give us further comfort with this range. The increasing strong foundation that our operational initiatives will build in -- on in 2013 reinforces our belief in our ability to achieve continued success in 2014 and subsequent years. Next, I'll walk you through some of the factors developing for 2013 and why we are encouraged by our prospects. I'll begin with Medicare membership growth from the annual election period. Our January Medicare Advantage individual enrollment of just over 2 million, up from 83,000 from December, including approximately 75,000 HMO members. This all further supports our confidence in our projection for the full year net addition of 100,000 to 120,000 individual Medicare Advantage members. This net increase from December includes the required divestiture of approximately 13,000 members related to last year's Arcadian acquisition. Our January Group Medicare Advantage members are up approximately 13,000 from December as net changes in fully insured Group Medicare membership outpaced the loss of our 29,000 member Group Medicare ASO account on January 1. This puts us on track for our projected full year membership growth of approximately 20,000 for Group Medicare Advantage. With respect to standalone PDP membership, the AEP growth of approximately 127,000 members has resulted in us adjusting our guidance slightly upward. We now anticipate net growth in standalone PDP membership for 2013 of 135,000 to 175,000. As we've discussed with you in the past, one of the important elements of our strategy is the movement of our membership into full-risk model, which we believe represents the future of health care delivery. Increasing care delivery is providing to the gold standard for providing quality, affordable care to members while simultaneously offering them a positive health care experience. At the end of 2012, approximately 26.5% of our individual Medicare membership was in full-risk models, where providers' incentives are appropriately aligned with the quality experience we want our members to have. We expect that number to grow another 1% or 2% during 2013. As we've shared with you before, our goal is to have 50% of our individual Medicare Advantage membership in full-risk integrated care delivery models by 2017. Provider interest in migrating towards the full-risk model continues to be strong, and the number of providers engaged in the path to risk is large and moving in the right direction. We're accelerating our relationship with risk providers as we leverage the MSO capabilities of our recent Metropolitan acquisition and MCCI investment. With these transactions, Humana now employs -- has strategic investments for MSO contracts with nearly 2,500 providers nationwide. To improve transparency around how we are progressing and implementing our integrated care delivery model, beginning this quarter, our earnings news release will provide quarterly updates on a number of operational statistics with respect to care management, provider relationships and membership. I've spoken in the past about the need to move quickly to get our members identified for the appropriate clinical programs. Let me briefly highlight some of the related operational statistics that are indicative of our progress here. We've increased the number of care management professionals to 6,700 at the end of 2012 versus 3,800 at the end of 2011. We've targeted 55,000 in-home member health assessments for 2012. We actually exceeded that target by 5,000, completing 60,000 such assessments last year. Members living with multiple chronic conditions enrolled in our chronic care program at a significantly higher rate than 2011. 2012 saw a 13% increase in eligible membership that enrolled in these programs, bringing the total at the end of the year to 150,000. We anticipate that number will expand again in 2013 with the timing of that enrollment importantly weighted toward the first part of the year. Our Anvita-powered gaps-in-care alert system led to nearly 690,000 such gaps being closed as members and their providers responded to alerts sent out during the third quarter, a closure rate of approximately 40%. This compares to gaps-in-care closure rate of 29% only 1 quarter earlier. By quickly assessing our members' health conditions and needs, and guiding them to the appropriate care pathways, we believe we are able to improve their health status, enhance their quality of life, enabling aging with grace in their homes, and reduce the incidence and cost of institutional health care, thus improving their health care experience. In summary, we believe Humana's strategic focus and operational discipline positions us well for the challenges ahead. While it's too early to provide any specifics about 2014 earnings, we continue to be confident in our ability to grow both our Medicare membership and our earnings moving forward. Owning to -- owing to our accelerated and effective preparatory work around administrative cost reductions, clinical infrastructure expansion and integrated delivery -- care delivery enhancement, at this time, we do not foresee any significant impediments to reaching these growth targets. Our long-term belief is that the health care cost and experience can greatly improve through a model that incorporates fixed payments for caring for one's health while enabling individuals to meet their unique needs through choices and incentives for quality. In that context, our experience with Medicare Advantage, combined with the development of the integrated care delivery model, will foster Humana's success for years to come, short-term headwinds notwithstanding. And lastly, I'd like to thank Mike McCallister for his 38 years as a Humana associate, including 13 years as our CEO. Mike has been an exceptional leader, and I'm pleased that I will continue to have the privilege of working with him as -- ongoing role as Humana's Nonexecutive Board Chairman. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim for a review of our financials.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. While 2012 was a year of challenges, it enabled us to continue to prepare for 2014 and beyond. I'll first walk through our fourth quarter 2012 results before turning to our updated expectations for 2013. Looking first then at the full year 2012, we're pleased with our earnings of $7.47 per share, which exceeded the midpoint of our previous guidance range by $0.17. As noted on the slide, the combined $88 million of improved fourth quarter operational performance in both our Retail and Employer Group Segments was partially offset by lower-than-expected results in both our Health and Well-Being Services Segment and Other Businesses. Overall, the net consolidated operating performance improvement of $69 million or $0.27 per share over the last 90 days was gratifying. On the plus side, the better-than-expected performances of our Retail and Employer Group Segments were each driven by a lower benefit ratio and a lower operating cost ratio than previously forecast. The Retail Segment benefited most from a lower Medicare Advantage medical cost trend in the second half of the year. Our standalone PDP result also came in slightly better than forecast while our individual major medical business was in line with our previous forecast. Additionally, as indicated on the slide, we experienced a much more severe flu season than we anticipated. This widely publicized severity resulted in an additional $25 million or $0.10 per share medical cost in December, mostly impacting our Retail Medicare Advantage business. These incremental flu costs primarily were driven by a sharp increase in hospital admissions associated with respiratory diagnoses. We saw these admission levels peak just before the middle of January, with steady abatement occurring since then. We estimate the total 2012-2013 incremental cost of these flu-driven admissions to be around $75 million with approximately 2/3 of that amount occurring in the first quarter of 2013, which corresponds to the occurrence of the peak in mid-January. Now looking at the Employer Group Segment. The operating overperformance there was driven equally by our commercial group businesses, as well as our Group Medicare Advantage business. Each of which, like the Retail Segment, also benefited from a moderating medical cost-trend environment. Additionally, we continue to realize improvement in our operating cost structure for both these lines during the quarter. Turning next to our Health and Well-Being Segment. The $17 million of lower-than-anticipated fourth quarter pretax income primarily was due to our pharmacy operations, which experienced higher-than-expected costs associated with an operational system upgrade for our RightSource mail order tablet dispensing system. We believe most, if not all of these system ramp-up issues will be addressed by the end of March and, accordingly, have anticipated some continuation of these expenses into the first quarter of 2013. Additionally, the closing of the Metropolitan Health and MCCI transactions resulted in $12 million of transaction-related expenses that were not included in our previous forecast. Looking further at our Other Businesses results for the quarter, we recorded approximately $33 million or $0.13 per share in long-term care expenses, primarily associated with the reserve strengthening of our closed-block long-term care policies. As you may recall, we performed an annual actuarial review of the assumptions underlying these reserves at year end. In the course of this year's review, we noted that long-term care claimants were staying on claim longer than we had reflected in our actuarial models. Accordingly, we adjusted our actuarial persistency assumptions for these claims, which, in turn, necessitated the additional reserves. And finally, for the fourth quarter, our effective tax rate came in lower than previously estimated, primarily as a result of, first, truing up our prior estimates of the negative impact of nondeductible compensation as defined by the Affordable Care Act and the settlement of a multiyear state tax dispute. Both of these favorable items occurred in December and resulted in a 32% effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2012. Turning now to 2013. We are reaffirming our full year earnings guidance range of $7.60 to $7.80 per share. This slide highlights 3 principal items in our guidance that have changed since early November. As with our review of 2012, let's start with our revised assumptions regarding our 2013 expected operating performance. Starting on the left with the Retail Segment, we anticipate 2013 operating pretax income results to improve by approximately $45 million or $0.18 per share over our previous projection. This improvement is driven primarily by the continued organization-wide focus on operating efficiencies, as well as a slightly improved outlook for medical cost trends. We expect these operating improvements to be offset by the flu season that I described earlier, which is the most severe that Humana has experienced in at least a decade. Turning next to the Employer Group. We expect our 2013 operating results to improve by approximately $10 million, again, partially offset by the estimated first quarter flu impact for this segment as well. The improvement of our Employer Group outlook is driven by both the reduced operating cost structure, as well as a slight improvement in medical cost trends that we experienced in the second half of 2012 in both our commercial and Group Medicare Advantage businesses, as I described earlier. However, with respect to the commercial medical cost trends, as in prior years, we remain very cautious and continue to anticipate an increase of 150 basis points, plus or minus 50 basis points, although we are quite pleased that this uptick has yet to occur. Looking now at our Health and Well-Being Services Segment. We expect 2013 pretax income to improve by approximately $40 million from our previous guidance to a range of approximately $500 million to $550 million, primarily due to the expected $52 million or $0.20 per share contribution from Metropolitan Health. Additionally, we have lowered our outlook for our mail order pharmacy business by $12 million for the fourth quarter system ramp-up issue discussed previously. With our expectations for results in our Other Businesses not changing materially, we need only to highlight the additional interest expense of $38 million or $0.14 per share we expect to incur as a result of our $1 billion senior notes offering in early December. Most of the offering proceeds were used to fund the strategic transactions completed in the fourth quarter. So for the full year, we continue to see earnings per share within the range of $7.60 to $7.80, including the previously disclosed $75 million or $0.30 per share of accelerated and enhanced investments in our MSO and primary care capabilities. As Bruce described, we expect that these investments will benefit us significantly over the long term, both in competitive positioning and profitability. Turning last to our expected 2013 quarterly earnings pattern. This show --this slide shows the timing of the major items that we expect are -- to impact our earnings from quarter-to-quarter. These items include the annually discussed seasonal factors, most of which you are familiar with over the years. Our growing Health and Well-Being Services Segment businesses do not exhibit material seasonality, thus they don't apply -- they don't appear on the slide. Based on this slide, our first quarter 2013 earnings guidance range of $1.75 to $1.85 per share is consistent with our initial view of the first quarter typical -- the first quarter's typical relative contribution to our expected full year results, and we do not anticipate any significant 2013 differences from our 2012 quarterly run rate earnings pattern. To conclude, we are gratified with the results reported today and are confident of our prospects moving forward. With that, we'll open up the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just talk in a little more granularity about the transition process for -- to HMO products? And what year -- have you set quantitative goals that you can share there, and maybe just tell us how that's going with some market examples?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Yes, we've set targets. I think that the target that we had shared with a lot of you in the November Investor Day here in Humana detailed a lot of those. I don't have those in front of me that -- but if you reference those materials, you can see those. And philosophically, what we're attempting to try to do on a market-by-market basis is have a conversation with our members about the additional benefits and lower premiums that they can enjoy with the HMO products. As you know, the HMO products are more like the integrated care delivery model that Bruce detailed in his remarks. And that's where we can create a lot of economic benefits for the members that we serve, and also, the satisfaction measures and experience for the members is enhanced with that model. And so the conversations that our market point selling representatives have with the individual members goes through a lot of that discussion with them.
Bruce D. Broussard: Matt, just to add to that, as I think you know, we are -- it's sort of a 2-step process. One is building capacity, and the building the capacity is around bringing the providers to the risk-based contracting. And as we've talked about, we've had great progress in that. And then the second aspect, as Jim was alluding to, we are also focusing in certain markets. I think when everyone was here in November, we talked about 5 markets, maybe increasing that to 7 markets. But our intention is to be very, very strong in those 5 to 7 markets and the ability to build the integrated delivery system.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just, if I could, one last question here. As you -- and I realize it's early, but as you look ahead to 2014, do -- is it your judgment at this point that you would make a member benefit reduction commensurate with the amount of the industry fee that's being introduced if, in fact, it's introduced as scheduled for next year?
James E. Murray: This is Jim again. Obviously, there's a lot of things that have to go into the pot to try to figure all that out. It's our intention to recover the industry fee in either lower benefits or higher premiums. But as you know, what has to happen with the funding with the government is something we'll learn in the next couple of weeks, where our competition is, what we are able to do with the 15 Percent Solution that you're all familiar with, secular trends, risk revenue and some of the good work we're doing around the in-home assessments and the whole integrated care delivery model progression that we're detailing here. So there's a lot of things that we study market-by-market, but it's our intent to recover that fee, both on a pretax and in those cases where we can on an after-tax basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I guess just to follow up on that last thought there. When we get the 45-day notice in a couple of weeks, what are you guys anticipating in that in terms of sort of a base rate update for 2014?
James E. Murray: There's a lot of things that we read about. Many of you have different opinions about what ultimately will happen. We have our own ideas about some of the variables that go into that funding rate that we look for. When we step back, we look at it, we're sensing something that is flattish to slightly down. And that's an environment that we've demonstrated in the past that we can live with. But again, that's a lot of studying, a lot of by-market evaluations on all of the things that I just talked through here a moment ago, and lots of work to do in and around the February through April time frames. But again, based upon what we're sensing, we feel comfortable that we'll be able to come out with a set of products, benefits and premiums that will be very attractive to the members that we serve.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Retail Segment medical loss ratio guidance, it's up 50 basis points. When I look at the impact of the flu -- I guess what's driving that increase? Does it have anything to do with the recent acquisitions, or is it all just on the cost trend side?
James H. Bloem: It's all on the cost trend side. It's basically the worst flu season we've had in more than -- in at least a decade. And as we showed, it's in the fourth quarter for about $25 million and it's carried over, peaking in mid-January in 2013.
James E. Murray: Yes. Relative to our prior guidance, it's the flu. There's also some additional quality measures we're doing around our drug programs that we've identified some additional costs related to that and also the in-home assessments and them included in that benefit ratio calculation, a very -- a part of that increase.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And so when I look at the -- on the -- on Slide 12, in the $45 million benefit from operations that you're projecting, is that -- I guess I'm just trying to figure out the math here, because it looks like $45 million would be less than 50 basis points. And is the $45 million of benefit not in the cost side, or how should we think about the net impact here?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. On the operating cost, the operating cost is down versus the last projection as well. So the increase in benefit ratio is offset by a lowering of the operating cost ratio.
Bruce D. Broussard: The admin cost ratio.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, just want to follow up here on the MLR question, the Retail Segment. So you had -- clearly, we've seen a big flu season. But you had previously mentioned last year that you had about $50 million of investments in improving medical outcomes, improving risk scores that would drive something in the neighborhood of $200 million to $300 million in improved economics. Was curious for an update here in how that works again -- potentially could have worked against the MLR.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The -- I'm extremely proud of what we've done in the last -- in a couple of quarters around the second quarter initiative. We identified a couple of problems that were -- existed in our Medicare Advantage individual business, and Bruce detailed a lot of the good work that we did in that regard. And as you saw in the third quarter and now again in the fourth quarter, we began to produce improvements around our medical cost trends in the Retail Segment. That run rate of improvement is something that detail -- that Jim Bloem detailed in his remarks earlier. Again, I feel very good about a lot of the good work that we did, and we'll see how that all plays out. It's really early here to claim any improvement in our guidance for 2013. And again, we'll see whether or not some of this good work has beneficial effects going into 2013, and we can talk through that probably in the first and second quarter.
James H. Bloem: And we will [indiscernible] around 5% this year on overall basis.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then, Jim Murray, you mentioned at the Investor Day that you expected to grow Medicare Advantage membership and earnings in 2014. I'm just curious if there's any change, at least in your view, since the company doesn't seem to be giving -- obviously, it's early for '14 guidance. But clearly, you had a pretty strong view there at the Investor Day.
James E. Murray: And I continue to have a strong view. I'll feel even stronger after we go through our bid evaluation process in February through April. But again, we're doing a lot of really good things to control our medical trends around the 15 Percent Solution and the integrated care delivery model. I felt very good at Investor Day about our ability to continue to grow and make additional profits, and nothing has changed from that point in time. In fact, as I look at some stuff, I feel even better.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First question just relates to some of the changes that you guys have made post second quarter of last year around your ability to identify and help control some of the new membership that's coming in on the Retail MA side. And I think I heard you talk about in-home assessments that would actually -- the target being down, I guess, maybe 5,000 year-over-year. So I'm just curious, what are you doing to give yourselves additional comfort? What signs can we look for early on to make sure that we know these new members are coming in at profit levels that are commensurate with your guidance?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes. I think, first, the -- we were actually higher in assessments by 5,000. We've -- we targeted 55,000, and we actually completed 60,000 in that regard. And we're seeing -- as Jim was alluding to in his comments just a few minutes ago, we are seeing some very positive aspects coming out of that and being able to get our chronic members on a managed program quicker and being able to have more effect both on the care model and also the cost.
James E. Murray: Yes. The -- a lot of the things that we detailed at the time of the second quarter were programs to identify folks a lot more rapidly than we had in the past. We talked about the fact that, generally, it could have taken up to 6 months or 9 months to identify folks for chronic programs. So we're reaching out more rapidly than we had in the past to have folks do HRAs. We've implemented some predictive models based upon early claim information that we're seeing to identify those folks that we need to make outreaches to. Bruce talked through the additional market based and chronic nurses that are a part of our programs. I think we more than doubled the number of nurses that are a part of our acute programs, as well as chronic programs. As we always do, we evaluated the risk scores year-over-year. We've studied January claim payments and identified the amount that was related to the flu by the codes that we see related to that. We pulled that out and then we studied our utilization statistics, and they seem to be pretty much in line. And then importantly, and we talked about this last year, we changed our targeted MERs for new members. You'll recall that we said last year that our target had actually got a little bit more aggressive. We actually reduced that target MER for this year, somewhere, on a market-by-market basis, anywhere from 200 to 400 basis points. And so that will have a beneficial effect on these new members that we got this year in the AEP. So all in all, we feel very good about what we've done to address the new member issue, and we're not seeing any evidence that we've got a concern there.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's great, Jim. Just so in terms of magnitude, is it more -- the health risk assessments and the reviews that you did, I think the 60,000 assessments you did last year, just in terms of sizing the magnitude, is it a bigger impact in '13 the prior year assessments that you're now going to get paid for or -- and/or moving people into the chronic care program? Or is it more...
James E. Murray: The -- I'm sorry, the 60,000 assessments that we did will have a beneficial effect on the MRA revenues that we get in 2013 and also will positively impact the timeliness of getting people into programs. Some of that beneficial effect began at the tail end of '12, but it will play (sic) [pay] more dividends in 2013. That 60,000 is probably going to be significantly increased in 2013, because we're seeing that the in-home assessments is extremely beneficial for us from a P&L standpoint, both identifying people for programs, as well as enhancing risk revenue.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. And then just a quick question on the capitation payments that you made in the fourth quarter that drove down the payables, is that risk-sharing agreements? Is that just a bigger impact this year because you're growing your risk sharing?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. Yes. If you look at that, that was -- the schedule in the press release is a year-to-date number on the capitation, and that is a lot of growth in the HMO. And actually, as you -- we look to the next couple of years, we'll continue to see that -- to have an impact as we grow our HMO business. Sequentially, during the quarter, what happened, if you look at the claim inventory levels now versus at the end of September, you'll see that was the biggest reason for the drop, as well as the cut-off with our pharmacy processor. So you'll see that on Page 20, I think, of the press release.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you go over the medical cost-trend components a little bit with me? Just -- I'm not quite sure I followed exactly what you expect cost trend to be this year, in 2013. And then if you could, what's causing the 150 basis points of increase in the commercial medical cost trend?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve again, Peter. So both your questions are about the commercial trend, I take it. So I think what we said is that this year we saw trend come in at around 5% for 2012. And next year, we plan on that ultimately going up 150 basis points, and I think we've been saying that for quite a while now. And we do expect it to kind of -- to increase and to return to what maybe the historical norms are. But that's been slower to play out than we expected, so we continue to be cautious about that, want to be cautious with our pricing. So as we look forward to 2013, we've assumed a return to the 6.5% range. And -- but so far, we really haven't seen any indication of it going there yet. But ultimately, we think it will.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And can you break up the components of that, please?
Steven E. McCulley: Yes. I don't have that in front of me, but it tends to be utilization driven. We would expect -- the utilization has been lower than historical norms in both the inpatient and, to a less degree, the outpatient side. But I would say the inpatient is -- utilization is the biggest driver.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the new disclosure page that you have, can you describe exactly what it takes to be other versus path to risk versus full risk? What defines which member is in which of those categories?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve again. I'll take a run at that. The path to risk, our HMO members that are in an HMO contract, and they're either targeted to go to risk or we expect that a fair percentage of those will ultimately go to risk. Some of those -- some of these providers have actually signed up for risk arrangements. And as their panel sizes reaches a credible panel size, they'll flip to the risk category. So there will always be some HMOs that stay fee-for-service HMO, but we look at that as kind of as a step towards full risk and risk assumption.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. One of the things that we attempt to do is we have integration continuum, if you will, and one of the first steps is incentivizing providers for a lot of the quality measures that the government evaluates us on. So we'll pay folks for higher preventative screenings and higher ultimate HEDIS scores, obviously, and satisfaction numbers. As we move down that continuum, we might add things like utilization statistics on a by-provider or a by-market basis and then, ultimately, full risk is the final. So that path to risk is attempting to get folks aligned with the kinds of things that are necessary to manage in a population health or integrated model kind of perspective, and it's just a learning journey, if you will.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So payments don't really tie to the path to risk category, correct? It's just -- the hope that they will eventually be there.
James E. Murray: Pardon me? Can you help me? I'm not sure I'm following your question.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, I guess another way of saying the question is -- get to the final point. Your capitation payment that went up this year, so the -- causing the DCP to come down. If I look at the path to risk, I can see why that would be -- have grown. But the way you described it didn't sound like it's actually capitation payments. It's just more members on -- in contracts that are expected to eventually be under risk contract.
James E. Murray: In an HMO, you'll pay a primary care physician a capitation payment. And in addition to that, if they deliver significant improvements in HEDIS measures and quality bonus scores, you might pay them an incentive on top of that capitation payment.
Steven E. McCulley: Yes, Peter. So on the days in claims payable, even for a fee-for-service type HMO or a non-risk HMO, I should call it, the primary care physician will be capitated and some of the specialty network can be capitated as well. So you move that expense from an IBNR-type expense to a capitation expense, even if it is not listed.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So there is a correlation to the DCP line [indiscernible] path to risk...
James E. Murray: Yes, absolutely.
James H. Bloem: The more HMO we have, the lower...
Bruce D. Broussard: You'll see that metric that many of you follow continue to go down over time as more and more of our members go to HMO.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Carroll with Stifel.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just sticking with the commercial bucket for a minute here. You had some commentary in your press release about your commercial enrollment, I think, indicating about 59% of it was small group. I wonder if you could give us a sense of kind of how much does your small group book contribute to the overall profitability at Humana, just as we think about 2014 and 2015 and exchanges and all that stuff. And then secondly, I had a question on your -- the recently awarded Florida long-term care program, which I believe Humana is protesting. What do you think were the state's primary decision factors in awarding that business? Any sense or insight you could give us there would be great.
Unknown Executive: I'll take the Florida side. And we really don't want to comment on the -- on our relationship with the states and all the aspects going on, both because we normally don't do that, and second, we're working with them today on the protest.
James E. Murray: And then on the small group business, it is a profitable part of our overall Employer Group results. So I don't know that I would give a percentage, but it's certainly one of the larger parts of the profit there, maybe...
James H. Bloem: Certainly on the commercial side.
James E. Murray: On the commercial side. There's also -- the Medicare Group business is in there, which does well -- and the large group business as well. But it -- the small group is profitable.
James H. Bloem: Your question is well placed with respect to our -- the weighting of our membership. We have, as a percentage of our commercial group business, more is in small group than is typical.
James E. Murray: We're very pleased with the performance of our small group business. It continues to do well financially and grow. I think they're probably somewhere in their 27th or 30th month of consecutive monthly growth, and so we're really pleased with the way that it's developing.
Bruce D. Broussard: As we look at 2014, one of the analysis that we've done is, internally, our relationships, our membership is skewed to more professional groups and higher -- well, more professional groups, I'll leave it at that. And what we find is that the transition or the anticipated transition of that group to exchanges is actually in the lower level than something like a Retail or even the restaurant business. So we feel that we are in a good position in dealing with the transition of 2014, both in preparing for exchanges, but then secondarily, as we look at our relationships with our customers today.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So given that, would you suggest that your expectations, at least right now, given what we all think about exchanges and whatnot, is that the contribution from your small group book going into the next few years is probably not going to be impacted that much? Is that fair?
James E. Murray: That's a fair characterization. We've done some long-term projections and models as a part of our strategic planning. And although there are some movement from our small group block into the individual exchanges, we don't think it's very significant because of what Bruce described a moment ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just want to go back to the HMO-PPO split. You had talked about, at the end of the year, being sort of over 50% on the HMO side from just under 50%. I guess I'm just getting to -- would like to get a read in terms of longer term, where that percentage, where you'd like that to go, where we should think about it going, and then if you can help at all to sort of frame the MLR differential and the MLR between the 2.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think on the HMO, we probably really are measuring longer term on the integrated delivery model, which really relates to having relationships and membership in the risk-contracting area. And we anticipate that to be at 50% by 2017, which today, as we mentioned, it's right in the 27% or so range, and we anticipate that increasing by 1% or 2% this year, in that vein. We really are not giving long-term visibility into the HMO side as we think, really, the investor should be focused on the integrated delivery model and the benefits from that point of view. In regards to your second discussion, I don't think we've given detail out on the MLR side. Steve, have we?
Steven E. McCulley: No, we haven't, not by HMO and PPO. And -- but I don't know that they -- for non-risk, I mean, they wouldn't be that different. So there'll always be some non-risk HMO and some PPO business which will do well for us. But I think the key is what Bruce said, driving towards that 50% in risk arrangements by 2017 is what we're pushing for.
James E. Murray: When you think philosophically around the HMO, the goal there is to drive our costs lower so that we can offer more benefits to the membership. And so that's an evaluation that we have to make on a year-by-year basis, how much of that cost improvement we pass back to the membership.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think a slide that we have shared with the investors over the years -- or over the last year is that comparator to the Medicare original cost and what we see, full risk is around 71% of Medicare. And when you look at no provider incentives at all, it's around 91%. And as we've stated before, also when you look at our quality scores in the integrated model with global risk, they are much higher. So we continue to be firm believers that we'll see a substantial increase in quality and decrease in cost as we see this moving from a -- more into the integrated delivery model.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then second question, just going back to the industry tax in 2014 and sort of the ability to offset that. Is the expectation essentially that you'll hold the 5% margin net of the tax on potentially sort of softer top line or see lower margin on higher premium revenue?
James E. Murray: This is Jim. That's yet to be played out. The comment that we would like to you -- have you all take is that we continue to believe strongly that we'll be able to grow and make a tremendous or a significant amount of profitability over time. The geography of whether it's pretax of after tax, we'll have to figure out as we lay out all the bidding variables that go on a market-by-market evaluation. We feel very good about our ability to grow and earn a fair profit going forward though.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A question on some studies that have come out suggesting that people who disenroll from Medicare Advantage may, in fact, be sicker people. And so we've seen a Health Affairs study and then another one today out of CMS. Could you comment on that please?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. I have not seen any of those studies. We are very happy to take all comers. To us, it doesn't matter, because of the risk-adjusted revenue, what the person's particular illnesses are. And so I don't have any of that information that you just referenced.
James H. Bloem: We do think our care delivery model...
James E. Murray: It produces better outcomes for the people that we serve, and I think our quality Star performance begins to demonstrate that. And so we'll look at what you just referenced. But I've never seen that, and that's kind of a surprise to me.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think as we've said many, many times, we're seeing continued tenure of our relationship with our customers to be in the 7-year range, and we continue to see them aging with us. And as you've seen from our investments in our chronic program and our transitional program, that we're making quite a large impact both on the quality of care and the cost of care. So this study, I think we should probably should look at, but we're not seeing it in our business as a whole.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then should I think of the 26.5% as the percent of cost capitated? Is that the right way to think about it, or is it more of a qualitative metric than I'm making it?
Steven E. McCulley: No, I wouldn't -- this is Steve. There's also capitation expense in the other categories as well, so you can't really make that comparison. So that's just the members that are currently in risk-type arrangements.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then final question. With the benefit of hindsight in 2012, do you think part of the problem could have been the constraining of diabetes codes or having maybe missed the opportunity for the class of '11, which was so large, to properly code them as much as maybe you can?
James E. Murray: This is Jim. As we studied the root causes for all of our issues, that has not popped up as anything that has -- something that we've identified. We've been pretty clear on some of the things that faced us around the new members and the additional messaging and some of the outpatient costs that we experienced. I've not heard anybody explain what you just referenced as something that caused some of our problems.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you could go back through the seasonality. You indicated that it was kind of similar to last year in your new guidance, but it feels like it is actually a little bit more front-end loaded into Q1, I guess particularly, if you were to say that the Q1 number is $0.20 held back because of flu. That would imply almost $2 of earnings in the first quarter, which would really seasonally push things to the first quarter versus your guidance. So wanted to understand -- I appreciate the chart that was there. But those factors are all factors that we've seen in the last several years. Is there anything that would make this seasonality more pronounced than it might otherwise have been?
Steven E. McCulley: Kevin, this is Steve. Look, comparing to last year, there's a big -- because of leap year last year, there is a favorable kind of weekday seasonality advantage in 1Q this year, and that's a big factor, as well as the $0.30 of investments that we've spoken to are a little bit more weighted towards the back part of the year. So those would be the 2 things I would cite.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the increased disclosure that you have on the physician side of things. Is there anything that we should be looking for as far as tracking that data from quarter-to-quarter? Do you expect a consistent increase in those numbers over time? Or is there a period where you say, well, we're doing Open Enrollment for January 1, so the data, as we get our networks together, should jump in Q4 or Q1, or how do you think about any seasonality in those metrics as we go forward?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The -- what I would be looking at those to give you comfort on is that the investment spend that we've talked to you about, where we would be acquiring physician practices over time, is beginning to play itself out, because that begins to demonstrate the building of the integrated care delivery model. And the other piece is the care professionals that are identified. And the more care professionals that we have that are focused on the chronically ill seniors, the better you'll feel about that -- if 20% of our seniors are complex chronically ill and contribute 60% of the cost, that will give you a better sense on how we're doing to measure or control some of that spend. And so those are the 2 things that I would be looking for is the building of the integrated model and also our focus on the chronic costs that are a big part of what we spend year after year.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, I guess the question is around timing. I mean, is there a sense that you say, well, if you haven't signed someone up by Q3, then that means you're behind track, or how do we think about the timing of that?
James E. Murray: Well, I think the members -- the member statistic will take, obviously, a bigger jump on the 1/1 renewals. And -- but the providers' statistics, on the other page, will tend to grow more ratably as we build out the network. So over the course of the year, you will see a little bit of increase on the membership side as agents come in. And as some providers on a path to risk, their membership panels reach a credible size, and those members will jump into risk arrangements as well. But those won't be big jumps. The big jumps will happen 1/1 on the membership side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Murray, your previous comments about the 45-day notice, I wondered if you could give us the positives that you're anticipating that would offset the negatives that we're aware of. So coding intensity is 150 basis point headwind, what gives you confidence that we get to flat to slightly down?
James E. Murray: Well, as we've talked many times in the past, there's about 10 variables that go into this calculation. The amount of the secular trends that we use as an organization year-over-year and what's happening with secular trends, the trend benders that we've talked with all of you about many times. And with -- because of the good work that we did during 2012, our anticipation would be that the trend benders that we have as an organization will be fairly impactful in 2014. The in-home assessments that we've done will positively impact our MRA revenues that we have experienced as an organization. So that's new add. The funding, the CMS will conclude whatever that is, but there'll be a current year, an amount. There'll also be a prior year catch-up that will be a part of that calculation. The Stars that Bruce talked you through earlier and the work that we're doing there will be positive, that will offset that. There's lots of pluses and minuses, and they're all going to be market-by-market. And so when we look at it, we calculate something that's kind of flat to slightly down. And when we look back at what we've been able to accomplish as an organization year after year, we feel fairly comfortable that we'll be able to address this situation and, again, grow and make a fair profit for 2014.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think one of the aspects that we do see that as a difference between the calculation is the premium tax included in it or not. Obviously, from our perspective and what Jim is referring to, the premium tax is not included in the calculation when we talk about being flat or slightly down.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And so just to clarify, you're expecting the generalized 45-day notice to everybody being flat to slightly down and then you named off several Humana-specific items that would improve your, say, Humana adjusted rate experience. Is -- am I interpreting that correctly, or is it that you think your Humana rate will be about flat?
James E. Murray: That's correct. The first point that you made is the correct way to interpret what I just walked through.
Bruce D. Broussard: And I think, in general, for historical purposes and as we look in the future, the 15 Percent Solution, the continued migration to our members to the integrated delivery model, our focus on our productivity around our cost side are all examples of how we are dealing with a flat to declining rate in a market that does have increased cost.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And if I could ask my follow-up to Jim Bloem. On the capital front, your debt to cap still remains low among peers. Is it your expectation that you will, say, use your dry powder there for acquisitions to add to the integrated delivery model? Could we expect that you might step up on the share repurchase? Can you give us a sense on the capital side for uses of capital?
James H. Bloem: I think that -- well, if you look at the last -- what we've done the last couple of years, they're very instructive about how we look at the deployment of capital. So if you look at 2012, you can see that we did a lot more in terms of the integrated care model in terms of acquisitions, in terms of CapEx and in terms of strategic investments. But at the same time, we also increased what we gave to the shareholders in terms of cash dividends and share repurchase. So we basically purchased things that raised the value of the company. We bought maybe 3x to 3.5x more of those in 2012 than we did in '11, but again, we also gave $52 million back. And all of the things that we spend our capital on, I'd like to just make sure that when we do this, I think that everybody needs to think about how capital efficient we are in terms of being able to build out the integrated care delivery model and what we get for what we pay, because I think having to -- staying with a conservative financial -- with a conservative balance sheet and strong cash flow is what we need to do as we enter the next 3-year period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to go back to the HMO versus PPO, and just ask a question around the targeted margins that you look for in those 2 product areas relative to the 5%. Are you targeting a 5% margin for both of those products, or do you target something higher for HMO, given all the structural advantages that you've highlighted, and something lower for PPO products?
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. No. We don't target a different margin for PPO than HMO. We tend to target an overall 5% margin, as we've spoken to. And at the end of the day, if the HMO model, being a more efficient model, we're able to offer richer benefits and have a better value proposition in many cases. So -- but we don't explicitly target a lower margin in the PPO product.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just wanted to ask, just a follow-up, just an update on thoughts on the level of exchange participation for 2014 and if you're comfortable giving us sort of a range of the number of exchange markets that you're thinking about participating in.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. I think in our Investor Day presentation, we suggested that as many as 10 markets we'd participate on the individual exchange. One of the things that we found out since we were together in November is that in order to participate on the individual exchange, we'll also have to participate on the shop for the small group. And so that will cause us to change some of what we were thinking around the small group participation on the exchange to work collaboratively with our HumanaOne businesses to figure out where we're going to go state-by-state and market-by-market. But other than that, it's probably in the 10 range, 10-state range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald with Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I know you don't like to generally comment about the market-by-market results. But given the attention there's been in Florida, I wanted to see if you were willing to comment on the Florida Medicare loss ratio in 4Q and/or what the guidance for 2013 embeds.
Steven E. McCulley: No. This is Steve. I don't think we have any update for you on the Florida 4Q MLR. I don't have that. But as we've said, there's a number of things that go into the calculation in '14 with respect to the MLR minimum, including the deductibility of taxes and other things. So I really don't have an update for you. I think we've talked about that in the past.
James E. Murray: We've done a lot of scenarios that would suggest that there's some amount of exposure there as the 2014 regs go into play but nothing that is not something that we can handle and deal with.
Steven E. McCulley: And we still don't have the final rules yet. So once we get the rules and we're able to do a more in-depth analysis, then I'm sure we'll have an update.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then separate follow-up. On the Retail Medicare business, do you have the numbers in terms of gross adds for '13 relative to attrition, and how those numbers compare to the final 2012?
James E. Murray: Are you talking about the total for the year of net adds?
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. So if you think about the up 100,000 to 120,000 guidance for '13, what did you grow on a gross basis? What did you lose in attrition to get to that 100,000, 120,000?
Regina Nethery: We have them here, Carl, so we may have to come back to that in just a second. Let us just get the right piece of paper in front of us. But -- so -- wait, here we go.
James E. Murray: Total sales for January of 2013 or for the AEP were new sales of about 270,000, which was pretty close to where we were for the 2012 and 2011, for those of you who are interested in new membership. And then the terms were about 172,000. That gets you to around that 83,000 net, I believe, after you factor out the Arcadian adjustment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow on Carl's last question. So when you look at some of the dynamics of the terminations, are you finding any different trends in that cohort versus the renewals outside of product type?
James E. Murray: You're talking about Medicare Advantage information. We're not seeing anything significantly different in terms of the individuals who are terminating. We were a little bit more conservative with our benefit designs and premiums this past year, and so our terminations ticked up a bit, which we expected and we guided to. But nothing unusual in terms of who's terminating and -- or why they're terminating that was a surprise to us. So it was very close to...
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Maybe if I can phrase it a different way. If you were to look at those terminating members, were they in the geographies where you put forward some of the more material benefit design or price changes in '13 compared to what the product looked like in '12?
James E. Murray: That's probably a fair observation. And as we rolled up our anticipated guidance, we look market-by-market and we evaluated what our benefit design changes and premium changes were. And frankly, we came right on where we had originally thought we were going to be. So that's probably a fair evaluation. Where we were a little bit more onerous with benefit changes and premiums, we probably got some more attrition.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then to follow up on another earlier comment. You said that MLR targets for new members were down 300 to 400 basis points versus last year. So what is the target now, and how long does that take to get to a run rate MLR?
James E. Murray: Yes. I think I said 200 to 400, and we're not wanting to share with you what our new member target is. And I think what happens over a period of about 3 years, it gets down to our ultimate target of around 85% to 86% MER. That's what historically we've been seeing in terms of improvement after that first year of new membership.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Last question here is on the minimum MLRs. Do you have any insight on whether or not that's going to be state or contract level? And can you confirm if it's looking like we're going towards a rebate or just a prohibition if you miss it for a certain number of years? And sort of how far that prohibition would stretch?
Steven E. McCulley: Sarah, this is Steve. We still don't really have any insight on that. We're waiting for the regs just like you are, so.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Melissa McGinnis from Morgan Stanley.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: At your Investor Day, you had disclosed that 29% of your enrollment was in the non-aligned physician structures with cost structures that run at 29% of fee-for-service, and a lot of people wondered about the sustainability of that against reimbursement going to parity. But if we were to break down that bucket of enrollment at more of a micro level, would the majority of it be in counties where the benchmarks are actually going to a 95% or 100% of fee-for-service? Or in some cases, are the benchmarks in those counties at 107% or 115% where that cost structure might, in fact, be sustainable?
James E. Murray: This is Jim. In addition to the 91 likely improving over time as we do better against the 15 Percent Solution, there's really no concentration in any one of the 4 quartiles. We're seeing different results in different parts of the United States that I wouldn't say that there's any particular takeaway in terms of how much the payment rates are in those particular counties. It's more a factor of our ability to get rates from the providers that we work with in those locations and our ability to put some of the utilization metrics in place like the nursing resources that we talked about a moment ago. It's really not as much a quartile rate driven as it is our ability to touch the members on a regular basis and manage them going forward.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think that was the last question. And so, first, I would love to thank the associates for all their help and the -- and continuing to ensure the success of our organization. And of course, I would like to thank you, our investors, for supporting us during this past quarter and for the upcoming year. You guys have a great day and look forward to seeing you at some point in time in the future.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Michael B. McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Bruce D. Broussard - President James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Matthew Coffina - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Humana's Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to hand the program over to Ms. Regina Nethery, Humana's Vice President of Investor Relations.
Regina Nethery: Thank you. We appreciate you joining the call this morning, particularly when we know many of those listening have had some significant personal challenges in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. Please know that our thoughts and prayers are with each of you and your families. In a moment, Humana's senior management team will discuss our third quarter 2012 results, as well as our updated earnings outlook for 2012 and our financial guidance for 2013. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Mike McCallister, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Bruce Broussard, Humana's President; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike, Bruce and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with the virtual slide presentation. For those of you have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Additionally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana reported third quarter 2012 earnings per share of $2.62, which exceeded our expectations of $2 to $2.10. We also increased our earnings per share guidance for full year 2012 to a range of $7.25 to $7.35 from our previous range of $6.90 to $7.10 and provided our 2013 financial guidance, with EPS expected to be in the range of $7.60 to $7.80. In addition, consistent with the succession management plan we first shared with you a year ago, we announced this morning that our President, Bruce Broussard, will assume the additional role of Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2013, while I will continue as Chairman of the Board. Humana's Board of Directors has been very pleased that the transition plan, originally outlined at the end of last year, has progressed in line with our expectations. Bruce has confirmed our Board of Directors' initial confidence in his ability to lead Humana successfully for many years to come. I'm pleased now to turn the call over to Bruce, who will provide you with our strategic and operational update for the quarter, as well as a look ahead to 2013.
Bruce D. Broussard: Thank you, Mike. I'm pleased to have both the confidence of Humana's board and the support of our talented and dedicated leadership team as I assume the CEO responsibilities. As Mike noted, our third quarter results came in above our guidance. Our earnings per share of $2.62 compares to our previous forecast of $2 to $2.10. Given these results, we now anticipate full year earnings per share in the range of $7.25 to $7.35, an increase over our previous guidance that primarily reflects a favorable prior period development during the third quarter, our operational progress and change in timing of some expenditures between the third and fourth quarter. Our outlook for 2013 earnings per share is in the range of $7.60 to $7.80, which includes approximately $0.30 per share for investments to accelerate and expand the development of our integrated care delivery model, which I will discuss momentarily. Over the years, the integrated delivery model has demonstrated significant success through better outcomes, lower cost of care, higher member satisfaction and higher Star scores. The proof of this success is especially evident in our own experience with our CAC primary care operations in South Florida and our contractual relationships with organizations like HealthCare Partners, Metropolitan and MCCI. More recently, our Concentra primary care acquisitions and our MSO joint venture investments also have demonstrated the value of the integrated care model. In that context, we advance our integrated delivery systems strategy with our announcement this morning of 3 complementary transactions. First is the acquisition of Metropolitan and our investment in MCCI, 2 MSOs which currently coordinate medical care for approximately 135,000 of our Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries in Florida and Texas. These organizations, as well as our own CAC medical centers and the 55 PCP providers acquired by Concentra during 2012 provide the platform upon which we build a comprehensive integrated delivery model. Upon the completion of Metropolitan's acquisition and MCCI investment, Humana will employ or have strategic investments in or MSO contracts with medical practices that include 2,300 physicians nationwide. As I referenced earlier, during 2013, we will continue to build on our integrated delivery strategy in 6 targeted markets with the acquisition of additional MSO assets and primary care physicians, resulting in an additional 300 to 400 physicians added to our organization. In addition to these targeted acquisitions, we plan to build approximately 15 primary and chronic care centers in the same 6 markets with MSO partners who have proven track record of success. In addition, our acquisition of Certify is another component of developing an integrated delivery model. Certify's HealthLogix solution provides 2-way sharing of relevant clinical information across disparate electronic health records, connecting providers and allowing them to share patient health information in real-time. This function, combined with electronic communication and analytics from Anvita and Care Hub to proactively identify gaps in care, enhancing our care coordination with our own affiliated and contracted providers. As I mentioned earlier, our 2000 (sic) [2013] guidance includes $75 million or $0.30 per share cost related to these investments. As we continue our transition towards becoming a well-being company by preventing, maintaining and restoring health through integrated care, we've identified in 8 must-haves in light of the changing -- facing the industry over the next 24 months. These must-haves are interrelated. Success in one will lead to success in another. Besides preparing us well for the 2014 health care reform, we believe they will stand us in good stead for years to come, regardless of government agenda. They include growing Medicare membership, expanding our risk-sharing primary care provider network, enhancing our chronic care capabilities, growing dual-eligible members and improving health care experience for our Humana members. Our must-haves support 2 primary components of our core value proposition: affordable quality health care and enhanced and simplified member experience. Quality of care for our members is a critical component for our members' health care experience. That's one reason we are so pleased to have made significant progress in our Star quality ratings, published by CMS last month. 3 notable milestones are: first, Humana was the highest average Star rating among national Medicare companies; second, among national health care -- national companies, Humana showed the most improvement in Star ratings year-over-year; and third, our Wisconsin plan is the first plan offered by a publicly traded company to achieve the highest rating of 5 stars. We now have approximately 40% of our members in plans rated 4 stars or above. We expect that the disciplined dedication of our clinical team and our company's overall focus on quality care will result in further progress as the year unfolds. Turning from the strategic to the tactical. A major focus for third quarter has been in implementing the clinical initiatives I've described for you in the second quarter call. Let me give you a brief update on our progress. Our first initiative is the early assessment of members to determine appropriate clinical program placement. We already have hired approximately 200 additional Humana care clinical professionals, expanding enrollment in these chronic care programs by 30,000 members. Second, increasing the number of clinical professionals located in our largest-volume hospitals who'll perform discharge planning activities. Approximately 100 nurses have been hired and are actively engaged in those activities. And third, increasing the number of in-home assessments performed by nurse practitioners, physicians and other partners. More than 20,000 of our 55,000 assessments have been performed to-date. By quickly assessing our members' health conditions and needs and guiding them to the appropriate care pathways, we believe we are able to improve their health status, increase their quality of life, enable aging with grace in their homes and reduce the cost of institutional health care, thus improving their health care experience. As we also discussed with you last quarter, our 2013 Medicare bids address several developing issues without compromising our competitive position. As we anticipated, the Medicare Advantage market will become more competitive in 2013 than it has been for the last few years. Nevertheless, we are -- believe our rational pricing approach for 2013 will result in net individual organic Medicare Advantage membership growth of approximately 125,000. In Group Medicare Advantage, we are forecasting growth of approximately 20,000 net new members. Combining our Individual and Group Medicare Advantage, our year-over-year organic growth will be approximately 6%. In the standalone prescription drug market, the Humana Walmart-Preferred Plan produced industry-leading membership growth in 2011 and 2012. Two of our competitors have introduced a new value-oriented preferred network plan for 2013, replicating our national premium strategy, which we expect to create more competitive pressures for our PDP offerings. In light of this, we are anticipating net growth of approximately 150,000 standalone PDP members in 2013. To conclude, this quarter, we've taken a large step in advancing our strategy of integrated delivery system, while successful addressing our second quarter challenges. As we look forward to 2013 and further implementation of health care reform, we believe capabilities, such as relationships with risk-sharing partners, integrated data processes and clinical analytics, combined with our national platform, will enable us to both assist the government, employers and individuals in addressing health care cost and improve member experience. In that context, we expect to bolster the development with our targeted acquisitions that contribute meaningfully to an integrated delivery model we are building. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day next week, where you'll be able to hear in more depth and in greater context about the initiatives I've just discussed. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim Bloem for a detailed analysis of our financial results and guidance.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Looking first at the third quarter results. We're pleased with our earnings of $2.62 per share. As noted on the slide, the quarter benefited by $54 million or $0.21 per share from favorable prior year medical claims development. The majority of this favorable development was in our Retail Medicare Advantage business, with a lesser amount benefiting our Employer Group results. The other 2 items of note were our Medicare Part D expenses and our operating costs, both of which experienced a shift from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. First, with respect to our Medicare Part D business, we experienced lower claims cost in the third quarter, primarily as a result of drug utilization mix driving member cost-sharing higher than we previously estimated for the quarter. However, based on our resulting forecast for the fourth quarter, we now expect to see our members stay in the initial coverage stage slightly longer than previously estimated, which will offset a significant portion of the third quarter drug utilization mix benefit. Accordingly, we've improved our full year outlook modestly by $14 million or $0.06 per share as shown on the slide. Second, looking now at our operating costs. The shift from third to fourth quarter primarily was related to the timing of marketing expenditures in connection with our 2013 Medicare Open Enrollment campaign. The overall $11 million increase for the year, shown on this slide, is the net result of a $25 million increase in marketing expenses and a $14 million reduction in other operating costs. The additional $25 million for fourth quarter marketing spend was based on our October evaluation of our 2013 Medicare Advantage and PDP competitive positioning in all the geographies in which we operate. And finally, all of the other third quarter items, including the lower share count due to share repurchases, were net favorable versus the previous forecast. Notably absent is any further deterioration in the benefit ratio of new Medicare Advantage member cohorts. The new member cohort benefit ratios have stabilized as both described and forecasted in our second quarter earnings conference call. Turning now to next year. Our initial 2013 EPS guidance roll-forward is detailed in this morning's press release and on this slide. Let's look at each item in greater detail. Starting on the left, with the Retail Segment. We anticipate net pretax operating margin improvement of approximately $150 million. This net margin improvement reflects both the corrective actions included in our 2013 Medicare Advantage bids and the beneficial effects of continuing to build out our clinical programs. Each of these 2 factors was discussed in depth on last quarter's call and updated in Bruce's remarks today. However, there are 2 additional items that partially offset this Retail Segment improvement. First, we expect an uptick in our 2013 PDP benefit ratio due to our competitive positioning. And second, we plan to spend modest amounts in preparing for the 2014 health insurance exchanges for our HumanaOne Individual business. In summary, after subtracting these 2 items from our expected Medicare Advantage results, we anticipate a $150 million year-over-year Retail pretax income improvement. This amount and this improvement are expected to equate with our ongoing overall target margin of approximately 5%. Looking at the 2013 Retail Segment membership growth. Although we expect significant new Medicare Advantage organic growth of approximately 125,000 members, as well as an estimated 150,000 net new members in the standalone PDP, we've included a modest beneficial financial impact of $25 million in our initial 2013 earnings guidance. This conservatism is based on the observations and margin experiences that we discussed in depth on the second quarter call with respect to new Medicare Advantage members. Additionally, we anticipate a decrease of about 45,000 individual HumanaOne members in the second half of 2013, as January 2014 approaches and individuals discontinue shopping for coverage in the current marketplace, while awaiting the startup of health insurance exchanges. Turning next to the Employer Group Segment column. We continue to anticipate a small uptick in commercial claims trends toward their historical levels. In both our 2013 guidance and our 2013 pricing, we have anticipated an annual trend increase of about 150 basis points, plus or minus 50 basis points. This increase is the primary driver of the $90 million decrease in expected 2013 pretax income shown on the slide. These 2013 assumptions are comparable to the ones used in 2012 for our Employer Group earnings guidance at the same time last year. However, as estimated by our expected 2012 full year Employer Group results, commercial trend has not increased by as much as we originally anticipated through the first 9 months of 2012. Although we continue to expect a future trend increase, there remains some uncertainty as to the timing and the slope of that eventual trend increase. Suffice it to say, we believe that we've been prudent in both our 2013 commercial group pricing and pretax earnings guidance. Our Employer Group Medicare Advantage business remained stable, and we expect net growth of about 20,000 members, which is the driver of the net $10 million increase related to membership shown on the slide. This $10 million is netted down slightly for an expected loss of 65,000 members in our commercial and Medicare ASO membership. Looking now at our Health and Well-Being Segment. We expect pretax earnings to decline approximately $30 million to a range of $460 million to $510 million due to an anticipated $75 million or $0.30 per share of investments to continue to build our integrated care delivery infrastructure, as Bruce discussed. These investments include the following 6 types of expenditures: First, cash outlays of $300 million to $400 million to acquire physician practices and medical service organizations, primarily in 6 targeted geographies; second, first year operating losses incurred during the transition phase of these practices to risk-sharing partners; third, building new primary and chronic care centers through joint venture arrangements with our MSO partners; fourth, integration costs associated with consolidating to a common practice management platform; fifth, health care information technology costs associated with conductivity and electronic medical records; and finally, incremental local market infrastructure and marketing. We have added approximately 50 primary care physicians and clinicians, as well as opened a dozen joint venture centers over the past year. This experience, combined with today's announced transactions, validates to us that now is the time to significantly accelerate and expand this buildout. Excluding the $75 million of 2013 investment spending, the remaining businesses in the Health and Well-Being Segment are expected to grow their combined pretax income by $45 million, led by our strong pharmacy business and our expanding home care capabilities. Finally, with respect to next year, we see our Other Businesses improving slightly over the year, as the beneficial effects from the non-recurrence of the second quarter TRICARE litigation settlement is partially offset by the first full year of the new TRICARE contract in 2013. So in summary, when we put it all together, we see 2013 earnings per share within a range of $7.60 to $7.80, including the $0.30 per share of accelerated and expanding investments in our MSO and primary care capabilities, which will help us greatly over the long term in both positioning and profitability. Finally, let's take a closer look at our consolidated operating cost ratio changes over the past 2 years. The continued successful implementation of our company's strategy has had an effect on the multiyear comparability of our consolidated operating cost ratio, which this slide outlines. Here are the details. First, in 2012, our consolidated operating cost ratio is expected to increase by 20 basis points over 2011. This is primarily the result of the net revenue accounting change for the new TRICARE contact effective April 1, 2012. And it's offset by the progress we've made toward lowering the operating cost ratio in our core Retail and Employer Group Segments, as well as our Health and Well-Being Services Segment. Looking forward to 2013, we expect this Retail and Employer Group operating cost ratio progress to continue. However, the investment in our MSO operations and the growth in our pharmacy business in the Health and Well-Being Segment, as well as first full year of the TRICARE net revenue accounting change, will continue to increase our consolidated operating cost ratio by the estimated 30 basis points shown on this slide. Again, we're pleased with our results today and are confident of our prospects for the next year and beyond. Before turning the lines open for questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Thanks, Jim. Before opening the phone lines for questions, I'd like to add my full endorsement of the integrated care delivery strategy that Bruce set forth in his remarks. It takes advantage of industry trends, it plays to our historic strengthen in Medicare and it opens up new and promising revenue streams for the enterprise. By partnering with physicians and giving them the data assets they need to offer our members quality, cost-effective care, I believe over the next few years that we'll not only grow the company, we'll also contribute meaningfully to improving our nation's fragmented, inefficient health care system.
Regina Nethery: Operator, we're now ready to start the queue. So if you could queue up the first caller. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So first question, just on the acquisition/investments of MetCare and then MCII (sic) [MCCI]. Can you talk a little bit about the potential impact of minimum MLR regulations, as well as how you see their relationships with other health plans progressing, the Coventrys, Uniteds, WellCares of the world?
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. The transactions that we talked about today and some of the investments that were spelled out are the right thing to do from a strategic perspective. And whatever happens down the road with respect to MLR requirements and rules and regulations, we'll deal with that as they come along. Some of the  the other question that I think that you asked is the relationship that we currently have through MetCare and MCCI, with those competitors that we do business with. And we're really pleased that the relationship exists. And I think folks from MetCare and MCCI are calling those competitors today to demonstrate that we would love to continue our relationship with them going forward. And that would be something that would be very important for us down the road.
Bruce D. Broussard: Josh, in regards to that also, we today, with our CAC centers, actually have some relationships with those competitors today. And I think it has been fruitful for them as a result of our capability and operations. And I would see that continuing in the acquisitions that we're talking about.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So sounds like, Jim Murray, just to clarify that, you don't have a sense necessarily whether or not there'll be an impact from the minimum MLRs. I mean, I'm just wondering is that -- does MetCare become a separate subsidiary? Is that part of your Florida MLR that you report on a consolidated basis theoretically? Or how's that going to work?
James E. Murray: Well, the current plan is for MetCare to be a separate subsidiary, and the results of our health plan business will flow up through Humana's results and MetCare's results will flow into our overall consolidated financial reporting. What happens ultimately with how the MLRs are required to be reported or included in our bids is something that has to be determined by CMS and we're waiting for guidance on all that.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And are they all -- is that all included in the 2013 guidance? I know you said modestly accretive in the press release.
James E. Murray: The results of the acquisitions that we reported on today and the investments that we reported on are included in our 2013 guidance, net of any investments that we have to do to combine those into the company. But as we said, it's modestly accretive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: You had an improvement in your Retail MLR. And I was hoping that you could talk about some of the drivers there, maybe parse out what was medical management on the new cohort versus what was the underlying trend.
James H. Bloem: Well, the amount -- there's been a stabilization of the second quarter when we talked about what the new member cohort are. So that those -- there is no change in what we had originally put forth there. We indicated in the second quarter that we had seen an increase in the MLR of the new cohorts. We had then projected that through the rest of the year. We've seen the real stabilization of that. So the improvement basically continues to be as the book continues to get better in the rest of the business, we indicated that we've had strong PDP results and that the rest of the business continues to perform just as we had originally envisioned it, both originally last year and in the second quarter.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. The suggestion that I made earlier, obviously, MetCare has to close before it can be included in our guidance. When it does close, it would likely be modestly accretive as well as MCCI. So I apologize for that.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then looking into next year, the retail MLR guidance is flat. So can you talk about some of the assumptions going into that on the cost side or the pricing side?
James H. Bloem: Well, again, as we mentioned about our 2013 bids, as we said in the second quarter, we're very pleased with those. And as we've seen things develop, that's continued to be the case. So what we've seen in terms of the overall MLR, we're returning to our overall objective of a 5% pretax operating margin. And again, we've also taken into account the competitive positioning that we learned about in October.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The first question was just around the investment spend that you talked about last quarter. I believe it was $46 million of investments that you would look to drive $200 million to $300 million of potential either lower costs or higher risk scores. Can you give us an update on how that's been trending, whether you feel like you're still on track to get that $200 million to $300 million? And how much of that is included in this 5% margin guidance?
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. As Bruce reviewed in his prepared remarks, there's a significant investment that we're making in clinical resources, both in our market offices, as well as with our Humana Cares chronically ill capability, where we telephone our chronically ill seniors to help stabilize them in their homes. And so there's a lot of momentum that is developing as respects those 2 initiatives. And we feel very good about how those are playing themselves out. I think you also asked about whether or not the beneficial impact of those initiatives are going to likely be included in our result. And obviously, they are. But I don't want to be flippant. But like Prego, there's a lot of things that are included in our guidance for next year. You've got secular trends of anywhere from 4% to 6% depending on upon how that all plays itself out. Our trend vendors, when we did our bids, it was anywhere from 2% to 4%. And the more work that we do around investing in clinical resources makes us feel better that we're going to be on the higher end of those trend vendors. We also have MRA activities that we're doing. The recalibration is included in all of that, as well as some beneficial impact from the good work that we do with Stars, sequestration. And so yes, the good work that we described on all these clinical investments is included in our guidance. But there's a lot of other things, and we just have worked over the years, as you all know, to try to be as conservative as possible and do as much as we can so that we can come out sometime during 2013 and tell you about a lot of good stuff that's developing. And so I don't want to be evasive. But there's so many things that go into our guidance for 2013. The more we do around investment, the better we feel.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let me -- and maybe I could just ask it in a slightly more direct way, Jim. When you gave the bids, when you put in the bids, it was -- I think what you communicated was you felt like after what you saw in the second quarter, you were going to be -- you still had some good conservatism in the bids. And then this $200 million to $300 million was extra conservatism, call it, or more cushion to the bids. Has that changed? Or do you still feel the same way about your bids?
James E. Murray: As you -- many of you after the call were wondering whether or not we really got stuff into our bids, and then when you saw how it all played itself out in October, when CMS released a lot of that, there was a lot of write-ups that, in fact, we had caught a lot of the stuff that we had identified in the second quarter. So I feel good about the fact that our bids addressed many of the issues. And as I said earlier, we are constantly trying to improve the cost structure of our programs because right now, as you know, there's funding cuts that are being played out and the amount that we're getting from CMS is not very significant. And so the more we can do to invest in clinical programs and do the good things that we talked about around our strategy of integrated care delivery models, the better I feel about our ability to achieve the guidance that we just shared with you a moment ago. So I feel very good about where we're at going into 2013.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just ask a second question on cash flow. Can you just give us your thoughts on -- I saw you said you were going to finance the deals with cash and debt. Can you give us a total amount on what you need to do there? And can you talk about whether just why this wouldn't be mostly debt, given your debt-to-cap? And also just throw us what you think you'll be able to dividend up in the second quarter of next year, given this plan, that'd be really helpful.
James H. Bloem: Okay. Well, Justin, well, obviously, right now, we're going to stay with cash and debt because we don't know when it's going to close. We don't know how it's going to relate to when the dividends will be dividend-ed up above. But you're right. Our debt-to-cap has fallen below 16%. And so you can expect that debt will be a significant part of what we do. We haven't quite finalized all our plans yet because we want to see how it closes. We have the other 2 acquisitions as well. And then we'll probably look to package that up at some point. But we also have $1 billion line that's still available to us, too, that's unused.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what's the total number there, guys? What's the total number of spend for these 3 deals?
James H. Bloem: We didn't say. We did not disclose the terms on Certify and on MCCI. MetCare is $850 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe with Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just in terms of the enrollment guidance for next year, sort of the assumption of, I think you said organic 6% or so compared to kind of the CMS estimate of 11% for overall MA. So I guess, just your thoughts on sort of being below kind of the average? And maybe talk about what you're seeing in the open enrollment season right now, whether that is or isn't impacting that estimate.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. I'm not sure how CMS calculated what they calculated. We looked at a market-by-market evaluation of where we were relative to the competitors and how much we thought we could sell with the benefits in premiums as we filed them with the government. I will tell you that for 2013 that we're probably -- if we sold 480,000 in 2012, we're currently estimating selling about 450,000 this coming year. And we have a termination estimate that is somewhere around 320,000 versus the 260,000 that we are seeing for 2012. And so that's about 100,000 delta, which kind of comports with the growth that we're going to see this year of about 220,000 or thereabouts. In the first couple of weeks, we've been dealing with hurricanes and we've been dealing with presidential elections. But I feel pretty good about the guidance that we put out there, not only for our MAPD growth but also the PDP business. Lots of stuff will take place over the next couple of weeks, but I feel cautiously optimistic with the targets that we've established.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just my second question, one of the must-haves -- and you've talked about growing the dual-eligible business. I guess, do you believe you sort of have the capabilities in place? Or should we expect sort of you to look at expanding that platform and/or incremental investment spend for the duals? And then is there anything in guidance for the Ohio duals for '13?
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, as Jim was outlining, we really don't break out outside of membership growth relative to what's in there on the dual side. So I can't answer that question. In regards to our capabilities overall in the dual-eligible aspect, we feel today our relationship with CareSource and our current internal capabilities, along with our contracted capabilities, should serve us well for the coming years. As you articulated, we've had success in Ohio. We've had some success here in Kentucky. And we also are in active bidding progress in the other states there. And it doesn't give us any inclination that we will not be successful in the other states there. So we're going to continue on our strategy of internal build along with the partnership with CareSource.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us a sense of prior period development? Was there any prior period development related to prior quarters? And also, in your bid, you said that you assumed kind of a 4% to 6% trend. Where did that come in, in 2012? And what are you assuming in 2013 for the Medicare Advantage medical trend? And then the 2% to 4% trend vendor that you're assuming for '13, you said that you expect that to be kind of at the higher end. What was it in 2012? What was the trend vendor worth this year?
James H. Bloem: Let's start with -- what was it? Prior period development versus prior -- in the quarter versus the year. All of the prior period development was prior year.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So there was no prior quarter development?
James H. Bloem: Very tiny amount.
James E. Murray: Yes. You asked some questions about the bids and secular trends. And we put out guidance at around 4% to 6%. And philosophically, I guess you could guess that we generally see around a 5% trend as we look way back. And so that's philosophically where we're seeing trends come in on a regular basis. And in terms of trend vendors and stepping back even a bit more, that -- we do many, many, many bids. And so we do market-based bids, and so the secular trends that we may use may be different in Omaha that they are in Florida. And the same goes with the trend vendors. A lot of the work that we do has to be market-based. I said earlier that our trend vendor work is somewhere between 2% and 4%. And we generally feel pretty good about the way that we achieve that. We have a whole team of actuaries that study our trend vendors. And we constantly are adding to those trend vendors and people are making sure that we're honest with ourselves. We've got to hit a track record of being -- of beating those going forward, and that's some of the dialogue that we had earlier in my remarks. So we'll see how that all plays out. But again, I feel very good going into 2013.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And where do you think the trend vendors came out in 2012?
James E. Murray: I'm sorry, help me with that. I didn't...
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Are you  I think it's like 2%, 4%, 5%, 1%?
James E. Murray: The trend vendors are coming out pretty much right now that we're in November. So they'll play themselves out for the remainder of the year and we'll even see the trend vendors final themselves out in the first quarter of next year. So they're right on target right now. And I would guess that as we close out stuff in the first and second quarter of next year, we'll probably see some amount above next year. A little bit.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you expect 2012 to evolve at something over 4%?
James E. Murray: Well, again, I think 2% to 4% because -- or something in the middle, so...
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. So you're looking for roughly an equivalent amount of trend vendors next year versus this?
James E. Murray: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to go into the deal for Met Health today. I guess, you made some comments earlier about initiatives to invest more in physician groups. And I think I understand those investments a little bit better than I do the Met Health one because if you're going to buy physician groups in markets where trying to build out a network, that makes some sense to me, but to buy a physician group, where you're already -- they already are your network, trying to understand what the incremental value add to Humana was from doing that. Are you going to be able to expand them faster than they would on their own? Or were you afraid that their recent deal kind of expanding into different payors was going to dilute your influence on them? I mean, what was the rationale there? Because it seems different to me than what you're talking about into these other new markets?
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, really a combination a few things. First it is a platform organization for us in continuing to expand our MSO capabilities. And so we look at that as the ability to take it and grow it in other markets, as we actually have been successful with other relationships, where we've been able to make investments and then grow them in other markets. But this particular case, it allows us as take their platform and also operationalize it. And so we look at that being the most important reason for the acquisition. And so when we talk about 300 to 400 additional physicians, it will be built on that platform from an MSO point of view and using the Concentra platform from an ability to manage the physician side.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So then I guess, how do you guys think about owning versus contracting and networking? What are the benefits that you get? Obviously, you're putting capital out there to align with the physicians when you buy them. What are you getting when you do that, that you're not getting with just a pure capitation arrangement?
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, a few things. I think, first, obviously, you now have another source of revenue as a result of that, so not only from an insurance point of view, but now also from an ability to earn on the MSO side. So there's an earnings aspect of that. The second aspect is also we are then able to have a platform that we can expand, where currently we do not have partners in those particular marketplaces. And as we look at an integrated care model long term, it has the most effect on cost of care, the quality of care, and in addition, from an experience point of view. And our objective is to grow that throughout the nation, and we want to align with partners and have the platform to be able to grow that. And that's what you see really behind the investments both in acquisition of MetCare but in addition, our investments in our joint ventures.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just to wrap this up, if I can. The other investments you talked about on the physician side, it sounded like there was some initial start-up losses as you moved from -- their business from maybe some future service towards a risk-based aspect of things. As far as Met Health goes, they're pretty much already kind of along that spectrum. So trying to think about your comment about modestly accretive next year, is there a ramp-up to that as well for that deal? Or is that growth going to be largely about you expanding them into new markets and using that as a platform for growth?
James E. Murray: With MetCare, once it ultimately closes, there's integration costs as we've evaluated there; IT capabilities, putting their current duplicative IT capabilities together, will have some cost for us as an organization. We also detailed the acquisition of Certify, which is bringing together the various providers in the network that we establish. And some of the costs related to doing that relative to the MetCare acquisition is included in that. And so if you look at MetCare's profitability and you reduce some IT cost spend, some MSO capability spend that Bruce detailed, as well as putting together a lot of the asset, the transaction costs that we want to do with Certify and what-have-you, it comes out to a number that's modestly accretive going forward. But again, it has to close first.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But then those costs start to go away in '14, et cetera, and it would ramp up there?
James E. Murray: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte with Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So the first question is about your employer MLR. You've guided a 100 bps duration year-over-year. And I understand the Group Medicare product is -- usually have worst MLR. In terms of the commercial side of the book, what assumptions do you have in there for the pricing and the medical cost trend? Some of your competition are not talking and the channel checks would indicate that the excise tax is being loaded into pricing for commercial in '13. Are you baking that in? And are you planning to do that as well?
James H. Bloem: Actually, our assumptions with respect to commercial group, are very similar to what they were at this time last year and actually what they were this time 2 years ago. So you look at the 5 component of trend, those are really all in the same brackets that they've been in. And so we're thinking that probably have about a 5% trend this year. So 150 basis points takes us somewhere, plus or minus 50 basis points, takes us somewhere between 6% and 6.5%. And again, as I mentioned in my remarks, we haven't seen this eventual uptick in trend, but we still continue to price and guide for it.
James E. Murray: As related to your excise tax question, it is our intent to build that into our pricing for not only our commercial business but also our Medicare business going forward.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But continuing on that vein, on the Medicare business for 2014, your Star ratings came out very nicely for '12 and projected into '14. As you're thinking about loading the premium taxes, the impacts of the loss ratio floors, particularly the controversy in Florida and reform-related budget reductions, are your target margins for Medicare 5% on the medium and long term? Do you think you can do that?
James E. Murray: Yes. And a lot of that 15% solution and now this new strategy that Bruce laid out relative to the integrated care delivery model will help us to continue to target that 5% going forward.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then you might have said this to Sarah's question earlier, but you had quite a bit of an uptick in 2Q. And you attributed it to aging Baby Boomers, possibly lower risk scores, maybe adverse selection, given your plan designs. So you have now 1 quarter of data. What specifically got better here for you from -- obviously, it wasn't pricing because you've already baked in your product for this year.
James E. Murray: Yes. Since we reported out in the second quarter, there's been a lot of work that we've continued to do and we've had smaller ahas. We identified some distribution channel issues with one of our partners that was selling to a block of business that got us more than our fair share of risk. I will tell you that I'm not certain that there's a silver bullet. There's a lot of things that kind of came together. And I guess, I might call it a perfect storm. We were a little bit more aggressive than we had been in our 2012 bids. We had the new member growth that resulted from that. And as we've tried to detail last quarter, new members carry a higher medical expense ratio. So if you had more of those, it impacts you negatively. I also might suggest that some of the issue that we had was going into new geographies and not really having the clinical programs in place to address some of those that is why we're doing so much to build some of those clinical capabilities that Bruce detailed. The outpatient issue was pretty severe in the first quarter. We're seeing that slow down quite a bit in the second and third quarters. And then we also talked about that messaging issue, where we were messaging folks to do the preventative work, and that's playing itself out. And I think that will ultimately help us in the long term. So a lot of things came together to create what we reported in the second quarter. We're seeing some modulation of those as we go into the third and fourth. And I feel good about a lot of what we're building from a clinical perspective to deal with those in 2013.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Then finally on 2013 itself, you had the 15% solution. There was a lot of confidence around that. You were pricing trend vendors into the product itself. I think you talked about NPV-based pricing on lifetime value of a member. Now given that you had some issues in that 15% solution and it's not yet fully reproducible, if you will, and you're shifting your mix into HMOs, are you planning to have a more conservative plan design? And is that what you have in 2013? So just tying it back to the 5% target for 2014 and beyond sustainable, has 2013 and your 5% guidance here baked in some conservatism?
James E. Murray: Well, we'll see how it all ultimately plays itself out. We can tell you right now 5%. The one thing that I will tell is that our bids addressed the members that we had at that point in time. And the other positive thing that I shared with you in the second quarter but we need to see how this plays out is as it respects the new members that we're going to get this year, I believe our benefit designs are tighter than they had been in 2012. And so the new member targets that we shared with you last year, I think, are going to go down, which will also provide a positive going into 2013. But again, we'll see how this all plays out. There are so many variables and assumptions. But I feel very good about where we sit for us going into 2013, particularly with some of the clinical investment that we're making, and now this new investment in the integrated delivery model that we feel so good about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted to come back to the description of the spending in the second quarter clinical infrastructure investments versus integrated care delivery model spending that you're talking about now. Was the $46 million at 2Q and the $75 million you're talking for 2013, are those sort of completely distinct discretionary spending items? Or are they broadly the same?
James E. Murray: They're very different. The spend that we've made during 2012 is to support and buttress our ability to manage and care for folks in the markets that have acute events, as well as chronic events. Some of the spending that we detailed for this year related to the chronically ill. The investment that we're talking about for next year is to acquire primary care physicians and to build integrated care delivery models, which as we've explained in the past are so much better in terms of controlling variability and managing our members in a more holistic approach. And so totally different spending items.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, great. And then  so the $46 million from the second half of this year, when I look at the EPS roll-forward for 2013, is that being normalized somewhere? Is it in the operating margins? Can you just give us some color on that?
James H. Bloem: Well, I think Jim answered the question before in terms of looking at where we've been and where we're going. In terms of that $46 million, we've pretty much stayed on the schedule that we've set for ourselves in terms of implementing and hiring the clinicians and doing the things it takes to take care of the acutely ill to get their scores correct. And so again, I feel like we've done with that what we've set out to do for that piece of it. Then as we go forward, we said ultimately, we do hope to get that ROI that was mentioned. We did say though that there's many things that go into 2013 guidance, and this is just but one of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: My question relates to the Health and Well-Being Segment. You're projecting revenue growth of going from just north of $13 billion to just under $18 billion, looks like a lot of that is intercompany. You're doubling down sort of on your expenditures on the doc businesses with your purchase of MDF at a multiple that's higher than your current stock trades at, much higher. And we're not looking at business that's growing earnings year-to-year. Can you tell us when we're going to see the earnings growth in that business year-to-year?
James H. Bloem: Well, I think as Bruce indicated and as Jim indicated, these expenditures are really designed to give us broadened capability, to take the capabilities that these 2 entities have and to move them across all the places where we want to have the kind of network build and the kind of clinical capabilities that we want. So I think that, that's the real -- the real issue is in and of itself, it is going to be accretive, as we said modestly in the first year, and then it'll pick up as we go. But the real accretion and the real benefit from it comes from the fact that over time, we'll operationalize this in many different places, the capabilities that these 2, the 1, the joint venture, and the other, the acquisition, bring us.
James E. Murray: In the schedule that you may be looking at, you may be noticing that the entire $75 million investment that we're detailing here today is included in the Health and Well-Being Segment. And all of that will be paid back within a 2-year timeframe. And so we feel very good about the payback that will create itself as a result of spending that $75 million. And when we said modestly accretive related to MCCI and MetCare, what impacts that negatively in the first year or so is a lot of integration cost, which ultimately as somebody asked or pointed out, go away, and so that will then begin to demonstrate itself in years '14 and '15. So we feel very good about the acquisitions that we're talking about.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I understand that. But with the business as a whole, first we had Concentra, and then we had integration costs on that. Now we've got MDF and integration costs on that. When are we going to see the business as a whole not have these integration cost drags going on the earnings so that we actually get, from a shareholder perspective, earnings per share growth from that business?
James H. Bloem: Okay. Well, Peter, I think that, again, when you take the capability plays that we got with both of these acquisitions, starting with Concentra, the many locations, the 350 locations and the ability to really move to more of a primary care physician acquisition strategy than they had, they represent very good value. Now you're right. We've reinvested the earnings that we've had from these acquisitions. So if we'd have done nothing but continue to do with them what they did without us before, then we would have some of that and we would've had some of the earnings that you're talking about already. But what we need to do as we go forward and why we've elected to do this as rapidly as we are and as quickly as we are is because we see that it's very important in gaining control of health care cost and improving our consumer experience that we get this done in the timeframe that's still really is around before 2014 and beyond. And that way, having those capabilities when that time period arises, will be of great strategic value and economic value to us.
Bruce D. Broussard: Peter, I think just to maybe put it into some of the same context that Jim was referring to, we are balancing the need to continue to grow the organization, and from a shareholder point of view and provide the adequate return. I think as you look over the years, there has been pretty impressive growth in the organization. Has not been driven largely by just buying companies to get from size, we've been very oriented to focusing on how we can advance our strategic aspect while still growing organically. And when you look at the organization and where we're positioning itself, there are significant changes that are going on in health care over the coming years. And we believe that the acquisitions that we are doing today, not only position us in the short run from a financial point of view but position us in a long run of being able to be a leader in dealing with those changes, and most importantly, to be able to drive down the health care costs. And that we continue to focus on that. And these acquisitions that we've added here, the Concentra acquisition wrapped around a primary care aspect, our investments in Anvita and our investments in SeniorBridge are all examples of where we are focused on building a system that long term will deal with and have a competitive advantage as opposed to just short term relative to meeting accretion or dilution tests.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up question regarding the margins in that business, even without the $75 million of extra spending. Can you talk about why the margin pressure is there without that relative to the revenue rise in that business? And I understand it's probably intercompany revenues. But please talk about the intercompany revenues and the transfer pricing effect of the margin pressure.
James H. Bloem: Well, the margins in the Health and Well-Being Segment, I think, will be better. The only thing that's holding them down, there's a little slide in my presentation at the end, where you can kind of look at that. But if you look at the 2-year totals of what we're looking at, you can see that we continue to drive down the operating cost ratios in the core businesses, the Retail and the Employer Group. And that's going down by 150 basis points as shown there. Now 140 basis points of that 150 basis points comes right back as we change the accounting for TRICARE. But then come back over to the Health and Well-Being, the only reason that has increased by 60 is the 75 spend. And to come back to your first question, when we decide how much we're going to pay for these, we look at the capability we're buying and what that cost versus what would be the time and the money and the cost of doing that on our own. And it's that speed that we think that justifies the higher premiums. And then continuing to work down the cost on the operating cost part and take that capability and use that to do that, to continue to drive that cost down, that's where we can improve our own multiple to get more in line with the multiples we pay for the things we buy. We're very careful about how much money we pay when we look at -- and we look at all of our alternatives to get these capabilities.
James E. Murray: Just not to belabor this, but one more item. I think if you look at the PBM margins that exist out in the marketplace, that the margins there are pretty similar to what we're booking as a company. And right now, our Health and Well-Being Segment is comprised significantly of our PBM activities and operations. The Concentra platform was acquired a number of years ago to fill out this strategy that we're now laying out there. The margins that it's enjoying for its urgent care and occupational medicine business have been on the lower end. But we ultimately see as we're acquiring primary care physicians and putting them on the Concentra platform that the margins that they'll enjoy will begin to go up over time. And so I think you'll see some nice growth in the margins from our Health and Well-Being Segment, as we move more and more into this primary care and the delivery of care that Bruce laid out earlier.
James H. Bloem: And you can certainly see that in the dollar profit earned by Health and Well-Being.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: On your commentary around prior year development, I'm wondering if that came from parts of your membership apart from the new member cohorts that you talked about at length on the 2Q. So said differently, does the prior year development change your thought process about those new cohort cost trends?
James H. Bloem: No, David, it doesn't. Again, prior year development came from generally the prior year. And again, we had -- as we indicated second quarter, we had some of these numbers, but that was a minority part, a very small part of what the prior year development was about.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you had talked on 2Q I think, and maybe you said this and I couldn't hear it. But you had talked on 2Q not only about 2012 new members but also 2011 new members not performing very well. And I just wondered if the prior year development had anything to do with those 2011 new members. It sounds like no.
James E. Murray: Yes. The 2011 new members that we detailed on the second quarter call have improved since we showed you the slide that we showed you on the second quarter. But it occurred as a result of this year's improvement. And so feel very good about how 2011 is starting to turn itself out, and now we look to 2012 to do the same.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of your plan expansions, Jim, to Ana's  one of Ana's questions, you talked about not having some medical management capabilities in places, one of the reasons that perhaps that performance was not as good in new member cohorts. You also saw that, I believe, in PPO plans. So in 2013, you're growing your PPO plan number by something like 23%. Does the investment that you're putting in place today address that medical management need in those new plan markets? Or are you depending on benefit design to address the issue? Or if you could detail that for me, I'd appreciate it.
James E. Murray: Yes. As I detailed earlier, a lot of the spend that we're making by hiring nurses in markets, as well as hiring nurses for Humana Cares allows us to address those new geographies that are included in 2013. And as well as the plan designs that I referenced earlier will also address the issue for 2013. So all of those coming together will help us with our 2013 results.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Melissa McGinnis with Morgan Stanley.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You recently announced entry into Region 3 of Kentucky, a state where Medicaid has proven pretty challenging this year. Can you talk about your comfort with the profitability in that region, especially given the financial arrangements you have with your partner? And then also given Centene's announced exit, do you have an appetite to expand more broadly across the state, longer term?
James E. Murray: Sure. CareSource is responsible for the losses on the Kentucky relationship that we established up to some stop-loss level, which is fairly high. As it relates to some of the other things that are going on in Kentucky, you see a lot of bad results from some of our competitors, and obviously, some of the contractual content that would have to change before we would be interested. But we'd always be interested in moving into various parts of that business. But again, the contract would have to be amended. Apparently, the cost assumptions were probably inappropriate.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I know you talked a bit about the duals in response on earlier question. But these 6 key markets where you're making the investments in integrated care models, are they at all aligned with markets where you potentially see long-term opportunities with the duals?
James E. Murray: Yes. One of the things that Bruce Broussard highlighted was investing in as many as 15 primary care or chronic care capabilities with a joint venture partner who specializes in focusing on the dual-eligible population. And so we feel very good about the opportunity there, particularly in these fixed markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Coffina with Morningstar.
Matthew Coffina - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: It seems to me like you guys are pushing more into the vertically integrated model than any of your peers. And it also seems like that's a model that will work best when you have a high level of geographic concentration. So my question is, is this only a build strategy? Or at some point, do you also have to look to divest some assets, particularly geographically to focus on maybe fewer markets with more scale?
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, first, your point is right is that we are oriented to a vertical integration wrapped around integrated care model. So that, we'll confirm. In regards to the markets, we are oriented to geographic concentration because we do find that, that geographic concentration allows us to invest in the markets and be able to achieve the most efficient health care delivery. In regards to divesting and your specific question around that, we are constantly looking at markets and figuring out if they are the most effective market for us to be in. And so you don't see a lot of assets that we would be selling. There might be times that we might exit a market, but that has less of a financial implication because we don't have a lot of assets in those marketplaces. It's more relative to just leaving the market there.
Matthew Coffina - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So is there any kind of characterization you could give us in terms of the percent of your current membership that could be viable within an integrated model? And then at the same time, maybe looking 5 or 10 years out, what percent of care delivery could potentially be delivered internally versus using third parties?
Bruce D. Broussard: Right now, about more than 30% or so is in our relationships that we have and what we call risk-bearing relationships. We would see that being between 1/3 and 1/2 of our population would be in those members going forward. And so not only will we be growing the HMO product or the integrated care product, we will also be growing the PPO product. So we'll continue to support that product, but our primary focus will also be moving members into the integrated delivery system over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the assumption that you had for the loss in the individual One members in the back half of the year. It looks like you're assuming maybe around 10% of the individual book will come off ahead of 2014. You talked a little bit about some of the assumptions that you put into that, sort of how you're arriving at that type of contraction. And then what would you expect in 2014 with the legacy individual book? Would you expect that to then move down more significantly as the changes come up online?
James H. Bloem: Well, to start with, the 45,000 that we mentioned is basically, again, just talking about in the second half of the year, people begin to await the exchanges. And as you know, the individual business is more ratable, it comes during the year. So you'll get -- you have more and more people -- you have more people come in during the year as opposed to at the beginning or in the middle. So we wouldn't be in a position right now to tell you about 2014, but we think it's quite reasonable to assume that as 2014 approaches and the health insurance exchanges, the regulations come out and people know what they are that they'll start to be able to look at that in addition to the coverage they now have. So we think that fewer people will be buying coverage in the current marketplace and more will be looking for that January 1 start date.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just how much of that also would be influenced by pricing and what you'll need to do there on the individual book? Maybe there's been a lot of talk about sort of the group plans and how pricing could be impacted as the tax starts to roll through, throughout the course of '13. Maybe just spiking out individual as you think about things like the tax, and then also how the risk profile of the individual market can change as you see members potentially dropping out ahead of the exchanges and how you price for that.
James E. Murray: The individual business for us is currently about a breakeven proposition. In terms of the revenues that we enjoy as a company, think it's less than $1 billion compared with $25 billion from the MA business. We see that there's an opportunity for the individual business in 2014 as we go into certain states where we think it makes good sense to do that. But in terms of how the individual business is going to move the dial at Humana, it's probably a smaller part of our overall thinking as an organization. We're cautiously optimistic that we're building the right mechanisms and what-have-you to compete on a selective basis in 2014 after we see how that all plays out. But it's not a significant area of focus for us as an organization going forward.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Carl McDonald with Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So 3 weeks into open enrollment, be interested in what has surprised you the most from the competitors in both MA and PDP, whether it's benefit design, change in distribution. Anything else you'd highlight?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. The only thing that I would say that has surprised us is the lower pricing on the PDP business by one of our competitors. Other than that, some of the -- each market stands on its own. You see some stuff in a particular market that is surprising in terms of the premium or the benefit design. Those all seem to balance themselves out on the MAPD business, and so that's why we feel reasonably confident with our 125,000 net growth number. So the only thing that I was a little surprised about was what happened on the PDP business. And we'll see how that plays itself out.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then the second question, just on the cash at the parent, fell sequentially $760 million, between the dividend, the deals, repurchasing, get to about $485 million. Just be interested in what was the other $275 million change there.
James H. Bloem: Yes. Carl, I saw your question. And we normally put a little sentence in the press release that says, "The difference is working capital changes." And that's what it was this time. And principally, of that $270 million, it's about $230 million was income taxes. The parent pays the income taxes for all the subsidiaries, and then eventually gets reimbursed by them. So that's the difference.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I hand the program back over to Mr. Mike McCallister for closing remarks.
Michael B. McCallister: Thank you. Let me just remind everyone about the strategic decisions the company has made over the last dozen years. We were the company, I think, that best recognized the opportunity that Medicare Modernization Act meant in 2003 and has transformed our company. We're, I think, one of the early companies to really understand that this business was moving to retail and to consumers, especially in the Medicare space and potentially in the commercial space as well. We've got the strategic implications of an Affordable Care Act. We have a really rapidly evolving, real-time information environment. And you've seen an acquisition this morning from us that feeds into that. There is rapid provider consolidation throughout the country. And you've seen some action this morning down that path. But I think at the end of the day, the strategic implications in front of us here today, and I think what you should take away from this call and what you've heard this morning is that we are completely convinced that integrated health care, as far and as fast as we can take it is critical to the next chapter of what happens, especially in the Medicare business but potentially for the entire business. And so you're going to continue to see us work very quickly down that path. The future is about integrated health, it's about population health and it's about payment for quality. And I think Humana's set itself up today, in the midterm and in the long term to be able to deal with all of that. And with that, Bruce and I will thank you for joining us. I also want to thank the Humana associates that are on the call today for making both this quarter's results what they were and setting us up for a great future. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Michael B. McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Bruce D. Broussard - President James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Natalie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you. We appreciate you joining Humana's senior management team for a discussion of our second quarter 2012 results, as well as our updated earnings outlook for the full year. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Mike McCallister, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Bruce Broussard, Humana's President; Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. A transcript of both the prepared remarks and the Q&A session will also be available on Humana's website no later than 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time tomorrow morning. This call is being simulcast via the Internet, along with the virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slide has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this afternoon's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in today's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana announced second quarter earnings of $2.16 per share, above our most recent guidance of $1.98 to $2.08 per share, primarily due to favorable prior-year claims development. We have accelerated the timing of our earnings release as recent developments have resulted in the lowering of our forecasted earnings for the full year. Although 3 of our 4 business segments are running ahead of plan, the Retail Segment is experiencing some issues that we anticipate will be addressed over the coming quarters. We have consequently lowered our full year 2012 earnings per share guidance to a range of $6.90 to $7.10 from the previous range of $7.38 to $7.58. While we are disappointed by the need to adjust our earnings forecast, we believe that it is prudent given the developments that Jim Murray will describe in detail in a few moments. Bruce Broussard will then outline the measures underway to address these issues. Jim Bloem will close by relating these matters to our revised outlook for the year. First, though, I want to reiterate that our strategy continues to be sound and represents a solid path towards long-term growth and earnings. Further, this strategy continues to provide returns in a number of ways. Let me briefly highlight each of the 5 elements of Humana's strategy. First, grow membership, especially in Medicare. As you know, our Medicare Advantage membership growth significantly exceeded expectations in 2011 and 2012. Though with that growth has come some short-term challenges, the long-term benefits of such growth across the enterprise are significant. Second, execute on our 15 Percent Solution. Over the past 5 years, the buildout of our efficient networks and the application of our clinical programs have driven sustained results. We're also excited about the positive impact we expect from both clinical analytics capabilities of our Anvita operations and the focus on homecare through the capabilities and services provided by our SeniorBridge team. We believe we're further enhancing our solid Medicare Advantage value proposition with these activities. Third, expand geographically. Over the course of the past few years, we've dramatically expanded our provider networks, vastly increasing the number of people across the nation who have access to our product offerings. Fourth, further develop integrated delivery system models. Our value-based delivery systems initiatives allow our provider partners to continue to progress along a continuum of pay for performance models, leading to increased engagement by both doctors and hospitals and improved health outcomes for members. And finally, capture adjacent business opportunities. It's worth noting that we raised our expectations for 2012 earnings from our Health and Well-Being Services segment today, primarily as a result of the ongoing growth and success of our RightSource mail-order pharmacy business. In closing, we continue to believe our company strategy is sound. We expect growth in membership will continue to be an important element of that strategy as will long-term growth in earnings. I'm confident that the steps we're taking to address our short-term issues will further enhance the growth we continue to anticipate over the coming years. With that, since I know you're likely anxious to hear more about the short-term issues we're facing, turn I'll turn the call over to Jim Murray.
James E. Murray: Thanks, Mike, and hello, everyone. Mike shared with you that the Retail Segment is experiencing some challenges. The full year shortfall to our prior guidance for the Retail Segment is expected to be approximately $260 million. This shortfall is related primarily to 2 issues with our individual Medicare Advantage book of business. First, a higher-than-planned benefit ratio on new members contributing about $170 million to the shortfall and second, higher-than-anticipated medical cost trends across all individual Medicare Advantage members contributing an additional $100 million. In a moment, I'll elaborate on these 2 items but first, I'll provide a little context and background. As Mike noted in his remarks, growing Medicare Advantage membership is one of our key strategic objectives. It enables us to create economies of scale in our administrative cost structure, motivates and encourages providers to work collaboratively with us in the markets that we serve and allows synergistic growth in our other services. Another important contextual point is that benefit ratios for new members joining our Medicare Advantage plans are historically higher at the outset than those of our existing members due to the time it takes to properly document a member's risk profile and determine which members we believe will benefit from the clinical programs that comprise key elements of our 15 Perfect Solution. While we make some progress during the member's first year, it generally takes 12 to 24 months to fully recognize the benefit of all of these efforts. Once properly documented and in the appropriate clinical programs, new member benefit ratios approximate those of our existing members in similar products and markets. Bruce will describe the steps we are taking to accelerate this time frame, as well as illustrating how our new members have performed over time. Detailing the $170 million new member pretax issue, this slide summarizes our new member cohorts for the last 4 years. From this slide, several observations are worth noting. First, we added significantly more new members in 2011 and '12, as compared to 2009 and '10. Second, our benefit ratios on new members added in both 2009 and '10 were lower than our new member benefit targets used in the related bid processes. Third, we raised our new member benefit ratio targets in 2011 and '12 and finally, the actual benefit ratio on 2011 and '12 new members is higher than the 2011 and '12 targets that we revised. I'll begin with the significant new member growth in 2011 and '12. As shown on this slide, this growth resulted in approximately 30% of our overall average membership base having a benefit ratio than the existing base by as much as 500 to 700 basis points. While we had planned to grow in both 2011 and '12, we surpassed our new member growth targets by approximately 190% in 2011 and now anticipate exceeding our target by over 80% in 2012. The higher percentage of new members with higher benefit ratios compared to the existing member base has put pressure on our 15 Percent Solution to perform even better than it has in prior years. Second, given the 2011 and 2012 CMS funding reductions, the confidence we have in the results from our 15 Percent Solution and our belief in the importance of growing Medicare Advantage membership, we were willing to increase our target new member benefit ratios in 2011 and '12 as shown on this slide. As we detailed in our first quarter call, we increased our overall target benefit ratio by reducing some of the conservatism we had historically used in our bid processes which had resulted in the favorable comparison of our actual benefit ratios to the related targets in 2009 and '10 that is also shown on the slide. The fact that we raised our new member target benefit ratio exacerbated the impact of the higher-than-anticipated new member growth that I noted earlier. It also reduced the likelihood that we would perform more favorably than our bids as it happened in 2009 and '10. The root cause for the final additional new member issue has been more difficult to identify with the time that we've had. As we have discussed in previous quarters, the risk profiles for both our 2011 and '12 new members is very similar to our historical new member profiles as you can see noted on the slide. However, especially for the 2012 cohort of new members, utilization of medical service is higher-than-anticipated. One potential cause we are in the process of analyzing suggests that the 2012 age-in members may not have had access to prior coverages due to the difficult economy. And as a result, have some level of pent-up demand, which could ease over time. The benefit ratio for specifically the new age-in members is substantially higher than the overall average for the total new member cohort and that is particularly true in 2012. For the purposes of this discussion, age-ins are described as being new to the Medicare program regardless of age. The slide details the number of age-ins included in our new member cohorts by year. Again, this is only a potential cause that is currently under investigation and today's guidance adjustments does not assume any easing of this level of utilization over time. To summarize the new member issue, the cumulative effect of all these items is that both our 2011 and '12 actual new member benefit ratios exceeded our increased targets again as is shown on the slide. As we began our 2013 bid work in approximately February of 2012, we had already determined that we needed to make adjustments to address a series of factors before any issues related to 2012 came to life. These included but were not limited to some target geographies that were underperforming for us and the underperformance of the 2011 cohort of new members. In addition, we evaluated the overall competitive position of our benefits and premiums and concluded we have the opportunity to make the adjustments we had seen to that point without compromising our competitive position. As our bid work continued, we were also able to see some trend issues for 2012 new members begin to emerge. Although trend later grew to a higher level than we had previously experienced when we submitted our bids in early June, and together with the other developments we'll discuss today, now impacts our 2012 earnings guidance. While the extent of the trend issues for the 2012 new members was not totally included in our 2013 bids, looking back, when you consider all the issues that we did address before the full extent of the 2012 new member trend occurred, I feel very comfortable that the 2013 bids will enable us to address the issues that I've reviewed here with you today. Bruce will give you a more detail of the expanded work that we did as a part of our 2013 bid process. Turning now to the $100 million and higher-than-anticipated medical cost trends, this appears to be primarily from 2 items. First, as a part of the Affordable Care Act's new preventive benefits, CMS and Humana are messaging Medicare beneficiaries, encouraging them to seek wellness visits and physical exams. During the first half of 2012, wellness visits per 1,000 members have increased over 200% from the prior year and routine physicals are up 22% per 1,000 member year-over-year. In addition to the cost associated with these specific procedures, there also appears to be related increases in additional procedures that are likely identified in the initial wellness visit or exam. Although we were cognizant of these benefit changes and the related messaging, we did not expect the immediate and extensive utilization associated with them. However, we did make assumptions around this higher level of wellness benefit utilization in our 2013 bids. We expect to continue this messaging because we believe in the likely favorable impact this will have on future quality outcomes and costs. Second, we are also seeing a modest spike in outpatient costs, which from reading many of the sell side analysts reports, corresponds to an increase in outpatient volumes being reported by some providers during the first half of 2012. Now Bruce will review the corrective actions we have put into place to address the items that I've just detailed. He will also talk about steps we have taken to bolster our clinical infrastructure and enhance our overall ability to achieve further success with our 15 Percent Solution.
Bruce D. Broussard: Thanks, Jim. We are not pleased with the recent development and take these matters seriously. We are confident in our belief that overall bid strategy for 2013, combined with additional actions around our 15 Percent Solution, will allow us to reduce the benefit ratio through 2012 and to our target levels in 2013. I'll cover 3 main topics in my remarks. First, the detailed summary of our 2013 bid actions and their implications, investments in our clinical infrastructure; and our improved clinical process to enhance the 15 Percent Solution. As Jim described in our 2013 bid process, we performed an exhaustive analysis of our product portfolio, the performance of our expansion markets and the competitive position of our premiums and benefits. Several important observations came from this analysis. We are confident that our pricing strategy and processes are sound. We found no material areas driving significant financial variation that gave us concern regarding individual or overall marketplace long-term stability and viability. We also noted that for many products in various markets, the economic value proposition we are providing our members has improved relative to our competitors. As a result of our strong competitive product position, we had headroom to adjust the benefit package. As this slide demonstrates, we adjusted benefits for a significant number of members. However, supporting members' historical preferences, we have kept the premium increases to a minimum. We believe our approach and expected 2013 market competitive position allows the continuation of our Medicare Advantage growth, albeit likely to be below levels of 2011 and 2012. As Jim outlined, we've incorporated in the 2013 bids more conservative assumptions, providing further comfort in meeting the 2013 benefit ratio. Overall, we feel the 2013 bid actions will reduce the benefit ratio to more normalized levels, complementing our bid actions can make significant progress in 2012 through our clinical programs. I'd like to share a few aspects of our 15 Percent Solution we feel will make an impact in the coming quarters. Critical to the success of our clinical programs is the clinical infrastructure. As you can see from this slide, we have heavily invested into clinical nurses, which has produced a strong ROI over time. This investment is to increase our senior members' participation in our acute and chronic care programs. Specifically, I'd like to discuss our expansion of our chronic care programs. For years, Humana's has been developing its product care program referred to as Humana Cares. As has previously been explained, Humana Cares is a primary telephonic chronic care management program designed to assess all aspects of those seniors living with multiple chronic conditions. Actuarial studies have concluded that this program consistently delivers a 33% reduction of hospital admissions. Today, approximately 150,000 of 270,000 seniors with multiple chronic conditions are managed by Humana Cares. The recently closed SeniorBridge acquisition enhances Humana Cares home care capabilities by introducing a field-based care manager targeting the highest 55% risk members having functional limitations. The field care managers focus on such things as medication organization and adherence, disease-based and nutrition counseling and home safety issues. These additional chronic home care capabilities are anticipated to further improve the reduction in hospital admissions by 50%. The combined program is expected to carry an ROI of 4:1. Complementing the ROI from expanding our nurse infrastructure is the steps we are taking to address the timeliness and the identification of members for our clinical programs and ensuring adequate risk documentation. Through our Anvita clinical analytic capabilities, we've developed predictive models that utilize early member condition codes, pharmacy data and member specific consumer data to provide us with the reliable predictors that we believe will allow us to accelerate the identification of the high risk members by 6 months. We've also developed a revised health risk assessment, which now includes a more fulsome evaluation. Functionally challenged members are twice as likely to incur readmissions, and generally represent 3x the medical cost of other members. We are beginning these combined new processes in the third quarter of 2012. To address the timeliness of enrollment in clinical and obtaining documentation to properly reflect a member's risk profile, we've developed and implemented predictive models to identify members who are likely to benefit from clinical intervention and also not being adequately documented. Members identified through this process are scheduled for a physician or a nurse practitioner home visit to perform a comprehensive wellness exam. This exam is designed to only -- not only assist the identification enrollment of members who could benefit from our clinical programs, but also to obtain proper condition documentation. During the last half of 2012, we estimate that 30,000 such visits will happen. Based on our a actuarial analysis, we believe this new program will likely carry an overall return on investment of 8:1, which includes the beneficial effect of clinical program savings and additional documentation. Enhancements to our clinical programs I've just described were designed to improve our ability to achieve our 15 Percent Solution and allow us to compete for the long-term. We believe the investments we are making during 2012, while costly, will position us well for the future. The combined 2012 spend for these clinical programs will beneficially affect 2013 results by $200 million to $300 million. My final slide demonstrates how the combined 2009 and 2010 new member cohorts improve over time. The corrective actions and improved processes are expected not only to improve the slope of this line for our 2011 and 2012 new members, but also to ensure these new members achieve the benefit ratios similar to the existing block. Mike spoke of the soundness of our company's strategy despite these challenges. I echo his comments and know that leaders and associates across Humana are engaged to put us back on track for the performance our shareholders have come to expect and what we demand from ourselves. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem for a detailed explanation of our second quarter results and revised guidance.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Bruce, and good evening, everyone. Let's start a detailed review of both our second quarter results and revised 2012 full year guidance of $6.90 to $7.10 per share, by first looking at the second quarter by itself. Our reported second quarter earnings per share of $2.16 after adjustment for prior year favorable medical claims reserve development of $0.15 per share approached the $2.03 per share midpoint of our May 21 guidance. However, as we analyzed our June results, it became apparent that although we fell within the range of our second quarter forecast, we needed to lower our full year 2012 earnings per share guidance range. So turning now to the full year, this slide displays the major changes from our previous second quarter and full year forecast to our revised full year guidance, including the significant changes for each of our business segments. As noted on the previous slide, we experienced $40 million of consolidated favorable prior-year medical claims development, which was comprised of $24 million in the Retail Segment, $12 million in the Employer Group Segment and $4 million in our other businesses, primarily Medicaid. For the rest of my remarks, I will elaborate on the remaining guidance changes by segment. First, so now looking in detail at the Retail Segment, the attached slide highlights the key changes in both the quarter and full year. For the full year, you can see the $270 million reduction in our expected individual Medicare Advantage underwriting results. This is attributable to the new membership and increased claims cost, which Jim Murray and Bruce Broussard just described. In the second quarter, we were $91 million below the forecast for these same 2 items. Also detailed on the slide in the second quarter, we recognized $73 million of unfavorable claims development from the first quarter on our individual Medicare Advantage book. This trended to a corresponding additional $82 million of unfavorable impact on our second quarter results, totaling $155 million for the second quarter and yielding a $311 million increase in expected Medicare Advantage claims for the full year. On the positive side, we also received updated risk adjustment payment information from CMS in early July. This resulted in a $41 million increase in our expected full year premiums per member. Combining the $311 million of expected increase in full year claims with a partially offsetting $41 million increase in full year premiums per member, yields a net individual Medicare Advantage shortfall of $270 million as shown and discussed. This slide further indicates that the second quarter also benefited from $64 million of premium risk adjustments, as $23 million of our full year estimate occurred earlier in the year than we previously forecasted. Further, we have included $46 million for additional investments in the second half of the year. These investments primarily represents the steps we are taking to strengthen our clinical capabilities and the 15 Percent Solution, as Bruce just discussed. Although we recognize that making these investments now will unfavorably impact our expected 2012 results, we concluded that making them is in the best interest of our members and shareholders, as we believe these investments will continue to position us to further improvement in our 15 Percent Solution. Next, you can also see from the slide that our remaining Retail Segment operations are expected to improve by $32 million for the full year. This improvement is attributable, primarily to our PDP business, which continues to perform well. Finally, with respect to this slide, we've also included the year-to-date and full year Retail Segment benefit ratios for both 2011 and 2012 at the bottom of the slide. This comparison shows that we now expect the full year to be 350 basis points higher than last year, while the year-to-date is up only 220 basis points. This in turn implies that we now expect the year-over-year spread to be larger in the second half of the year relative to the year-to-date and there are 2 reasons why this spread widening is occurring. First, as we discussed last year, we experienced lower drug cost in the second half of 2011 as a result of both patent expirations and lower wholesale acquisition prices for several highly used generics. Accordingly, in the second half of 2012, there's no similar benefit in the year-over-year comparison. Second, in accordance with our long-standing practice, we've not included any prior year development in our forecast for the second half of 2012, whereas our second half of 2011 results included $75 million of favorable prior period development, which we disclosed with those results. Turning now to the Employer Group Segment, we're pleased to be raising our guidance today by $60 million. This improvement is occurring, primarily in both our commercial group lines of business. With respect to commercial claims trends, we've consistently stated that we expect a gradual uptick in utilization at some point and accordingly, we've guided and more importantly, priced assuming the 6% to 6.5% secular trend in 2012, which is a 100 to 150 basis points increase over the 2011 secular trend of approximately 5%. Last quarter, we indicated that we're seeing full year secular trend in the Employer Group Segment move toward the low end of the 6.5% -- 6% to 6.5% range and now estimate that the full year will be around 6%, plus or minus 50 basis points. This level of trend still contemplates an uptick in the back half of the year as we have run below 6% for the first half of the year on our commercial products. To further elaborate on commercial cost trends, we continue to see declining levels of inpatient hospital utilization in the negative low- to mid-single digits. However, this is accompanied by a shift to outpatient procedures without patient utilization trending slightly higher than last year but still in the low-single digits. Inpatient and outpatient hospital rates continue to be in the mid-single digits and we continue to see physician and prescription drug costs trending in the low- to mid-single digits. So to summarize our commercial trend expectations, while we still expect a gradual uptick in commercial trends in the coming quarters, the pace of the uptick is slower than we anticipated in our pricing, and this is the primary reason for the $60 million increase in our pretax guidance for the Employer Group Segment. Turning next to the Health and Well-Being Services segment, we also are pleased to be raising our guidance for the full year by $60 million, including operating over performance in the second quarter of $41 million. This operating over performance is primarily driven by RightSource, our mail-order prescription drug operation and can be primary attributed to 3 things. First, we've increased penetration into our membership base beyond our initial expectation. Currently, 23% of all prescription drugs dispensed in connection with all of our retail and Employer Group health plans are filled via RightSource. Second, we continue to improve our cost of goods sold by both leveraging our volumes and recontracting with suppliers. And third, we continue to lower our costs to fill through increasing scale and streamlining our operations. Turning finally to our other businesses. Our second quarter results included a significant amount of legal fees associated with the previously announced settlement of the Sacred Heart litigation. The second half of the year is expected to be better, primarily due to an improved outlook for our military business. To conclude, we recognize that we've shared a lot of information with you today and appreciate your patience during our prepared remarks. We're confident in our ability to successfully address these short-term Retail Segment challenges and resume our earnings growth. With that, we will open our phone lines for questions, and we request that each caller ask only 2 questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If I could just ask a little bit more about your realization of the less favorable margins on MA relative to when you made your bids for next year. Can you give us sort of any sense of how much of that you caught? I know it wasn't all of it, but it was some of it. Did you see this sort of developing in May and then you caught half of it in your bids? I'm just trying to get a range of magnitude.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim. Let me go through this very carefully so that you come away with the right impressions. As I said, we started our bid process in February of this past year. When we started that work, we were of the opinion that we wanted to do some things relative to some things that we had seen long before we started the bid process around some markets that we weren't performing as we hoped. We also saw, obviously, the 2011 new member issue. And we also, as a part of getting prepared for our bid process, studied where we were competitively in the markets that we serve. And we concluded that we had the opportunity to do some things to put back some of the profitability that existed at that point in time. And so what we did is we began the process during February and we went along and we saw claim data begin to develop for the month of April that we saw in early May. And we also saw May incurred claims that we saw in early June, which we were able to look at and evaluate and get into our overall 2013 bid work. Then in the beginning of June, we filed our bids. At that point, we felt very good about the bid work that we did. We also felt good that we were going to be able to make the entire year. During the early part of July, we summarized our June incurred claims and we spotted that we had some additional issues and some trends that were developing worse than we had imagined when we filed our bids. So it's that last part of the June incurred claims that we spotted in July that caused us the problems that we're talking about here today. But the point that I want to really make sure that everybody is clear on is that in addition to all the trend evaluation that we were seeing for the months of April and May, we had already begun to think about some things that we wanted to do when we started our work in February to address problem markets in some of what we saw for 2011. And so when I step back and I evaluate our entire bid process, I'm very comfortable that yes, I can say that we missed the June incur claims that we learned about in July. But I think more than offsetting that is the things that we wanted to address when we started the process in February. And so when you put all those pieces together, I feel very good about our 2013 bids and restoring a level of conservatism that didn't exist in 2012 and '11 like it did in 2009 and '10.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And if I could just ask a follow up on what you're seeing from the age-ins. So I gather you're seeing more age-ins relative to the prior years, which is not surprising given the demographic bulge that's now coming through. Do you have any sort of updated estimate whether industry-wide or at least from what you could see from your numbers, that there's a higher take-up rate for these -- this first cohort of baby boomers turning 65 in the current economic environment?
James H. Bloem: The good news is that we're doing a better job of getting more share of the age-ins. The bad news is that the slide that we just reviewed with you in terms of the performance of the age-ins until you get them properly documented and get them into the right clinical programs.
Michael B. McCallister: The longer term good news is that they're going to be with us for about 7 years and you saw the slide that Bruce used. They improve quite dramatically relative quickly. And so this group will get better and they're going to be with us for a long time, so they will become a productive part of the group.
James H. Bloem: And on top of that, I think it also gives an indication that there will possibly be more growth in Medicare Advantage as a percentage of the total Medicare system as a whole.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a quick follow up there. So, Jim, if I'm hearing you correctly, you're indicating that not only do you think you got your 2013 bids back to a target margin, but that you also think you got your 2013 bids on Medicare Advantage back to a relative level of conservatism that is closer to what you had in 2010, 2011?
James H. Bloem: That's correct.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So if I could just ask a question. I mean, you only a couple of weeks ago reaffirmed guidance, I believe at a conference. If you're seeing all this, so you saw everything that you're indicating that was significant enough but you bid for significant benefit design changes, it sounds like. What makes you comfortable in the reaffirming guidance at that point?
James E. Murray: As Jim shared with you, there were a number of offsetting issues up through the June payment month that offset some of the issues that we described here today. It was when we saw the June incurred claims develop themselves in the month of July that we had to step back and say it didn't look like the whole year was going to be on our guidance. And at that point, we began to evaluate some of the things that we've talked about, particularly the one that's frustrating to me is not knowing about the 2012 new member cohort and what's causing the increased utilization and we'll continue to evaluate what that's all about. But it wasn't until the June incurred month payments that we got a good look at in July that we concluded that we weren't able to continue with our guidance and that's...
James H. Bloem: That's why we're here today, a week early.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right, right. Okay. So my follow-up to that would just be in terms of -- is it fair to think -- I'm just trying to walk through the logic. Is it fair to think that at that point, up until then, you only expected this to be some kind of a short-term blip? You did not think it was a continuing issue that you thought was going to repeat in July, August, September? And if that's the case, why would you have built it into your bids at the level that you're saying you did?
James E. Murray: Up until the June payments, we had identified that our trends were higher than we would like, particularly for the 2012 new member issues. But we've also, as I said and Bruce said, we felt very good about our competitive positioning, and we thought it would be prudent for us to reevaluate where we were competitively and not denigrate our ability to sell business going forward and take the opportunity to put that into our bidding process. And so we felt really, really good about our bids that we filed in June. We feel less good about them now that they've -- we've seen the July results, but still feel very good that in total, they not only address the issues but restore some of the conservatism that existed in years prior to '11 and '12.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, I want to talk about sort of the impact on 2013. I guess, I'm just having a little bit of trouble understanding. Jim, I guess, it sounds like you felt like you're going to get your benefit ratios more in line with historical norms or get them down, I guess, relative to what you're seeing. And then you're also building in a heftier level of conservatism and as we sort of think about 2011 and '12, the way those developed, obviously, cost runs came in a lot better. There were these sort of massive upward earnings revisions. So the part I understand why you want to get back there. But I'm looking at the second half guidance. It's down. There's a lot of moving parts depending on what you want to call onetime or favorable development. Your guidance second half is down 10% to 15% in terms of earnings. So is it conceivable that earnings would be up? When you talk about getting back to earnings growth, is it conceivable that earnings in 2013 would actually be up next year?
James H. Bloem: We can't postulate right now, as you know, Josh, on '13. But basically, if you look at the underwriting difficulties that we had in the first half, we've just really flipped those over to the second half and that's the major cause of why we have the issue this year. And separately, as was address, we believe that we've successfully put that behind us in the bid process for '13. So we feel good about where we are in the bids but again it's not time to take a look at that until we see everything that we'll get after the bids are approved by CMS. We go through that process and we see what everybody else has done. But I want them back to say all we did really is to take the first half shortfall in underwriting margin and reproject that into the second half of this year.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Let me ask it a different way. You guys target 5% margins every year for your holistic book of business. It sounds like PDP is running a little bit better. Obviously, MA is worse. Is it your expectation that what you've done based on what you see in terms of claims will get to back to that 5% margin for your overall book of business next year?
James H. Bloem: That's correct.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And would you expect a reduction in membership or a slowdown in the growth? Or how do we think about that based on the fact that it would look like the benefit changes would have to be somewhat meaningful?
James H. Bloem: We have a very high confidence level that we will retain and grow. I think the question will be, will we have the growth that we had in 2011 and 2012? And I think some of the discussion is that the growth will continue to be at the 2010 level.
James H. Bloem: Again, we'll wait when we see what everybody has done and we know all our bids are approved and we see what everybody else's bids are. And as soon as we know that, within 30 days of that, we usually come out with our guidance for membership and earnings.
James E. Murray: One step we went through a great amount of detail to work through in the bids was to make the changes that we made to the benefit levels being more of a total -- more of the overall change than premium increases because we feel like the seniors that we serve are more amenable to accepting a benefit change as opposed to a premium change. So we went to a lot of efforts to make sure that we stuck to that kind of a philosophy.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, the second question just relates to this high level of confidence that things are better. You guys are looking at a 16% debt-to-cap. I think your parent cash is now 11% of the market cap, probably close to 13% based on where the stock's bidding. Is now the time to initiate a significant share repurchase or some sort of change in capital structure?
James H. Bloem: Well, our capital structure target for debt-to-cap still remains at 25% to 30%. But with respect to share repurchase, the board authorized $1 billion share repurchase on April 26. We spent $126 million of that through June 30 and obviously, we find a price at least at a closing today, very attractive. So we'll continue to do as the authorization allows us to do, which is basically to continue to repurchase shares in the open market and privately negotiated transactions. Having said that, though, our entire capital deployment strategy, I think, is we're really, since last year, been able to return a lot of capital to shareholders in the form of cash dividend and in share repurchase. Again, if you look at all last year, which was the first year we could do it, we gave about $623 million of the sum of share repurchase, plus cash dividends. And then the rest, we used of that $1.2 billion total dividend, the rest we used on CapEx and on acquisitions. In the first half of this year, it looks similar to that in terms of we've already returned $400 million to the shareholders. So again, we feel like we're going to continue to do that. We find the price attractive, and we'll continue to do as the authorization says.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah James with Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: You had mentioned earlier that there were some items in 2011 and that occurred up through February that were worked fully into the 2013 bids. How sizable is that? Is that equally impactful as the utilization change that was noted later on or is it smaller?
James E. Murray: The items that we talked about were the unprofitable markets. There were a number of markets that weren't running as we had anticipated or planned. And then you can see from the slide, the 2011 new member issues is a fairly sizeable issue. And so prior to what we saw develop in 2012, there was a pretty sizable group of things that we were attempting to accomplish when we did our 2013 bids. And then as the 2012 trend and new member information began to emerge in April, May and early June, we were able to add that portion into it into the 2013 bids. So again, the piece that we didn't catch is the July, early July, for June incurred claims. That amount is not significant, but it's something that we wish that we could have the time to put into the bid.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then as I think about the growth going forward, in the slides, there was a 20,000 member list in the amount of new age-ins this quarter and as I imagine part of that is from the baby boomer effect, which should continue. So how are you adjusting that in your product design going forward or your margin assumptions going forward that there will be increasingly new age-ins that, I guess, have a tendency to like more of these wellness items and have a higher MLR initially in the first 12 to 24 months?
James E. Murray: So the one thing that I would quickly throw out for everybody to evaluate is not only are we going to address the 2012 and '11 new member issues that we went through a lot of detail about. And also through our bid process, address some of the existing block. But for the new members that come in, in 2013 because we did all that we did with our bids, we feel pretty good about the fact that our new member results for 2013 will improve. And so that gets to your question about what are you doing about the age-ins because they're comprising a bigger component of the total. So that's one thing I would quickly throw out. The other thing that you ought to think about is the things that Bruce walked through in terms of timely identification of members to get into clinical programs, doing that a lot faster than we have heretofore. And also the documentation piece that Bruce talked about and going out and proactively visiting with the members where we think there's a documentation and chronically ill senior that can benefit from not only documenting their records properly, but also getting into clinical programs more timely. When you add all those pieces together, I think, it begins to address the issue that faces us as an industry that the age-ins at first, aren't as -- their benefit ratios aren't where the existing block is at. I hope that does it for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to get more comments about the increased utilization in the retail section. I guess, a lot of things, why -- is it something that wasn't present in the group MA business? It sounds like part of this is new members, part of this is existing utilization across the board. And anything about utilization versus product HMO versus PPO or geographic regions?
James E. Murray: The Group Medicare business is fine. There are no such things as age-ins in group Medicare. And so when we sit down with a group and we talk with them about their plan benefit, these folks that we're bringing into our programs have a similar benefit level than they've had in the past. And so a lot of the issues that we detailed here today don't really impact the group business. I can't remember some of your other questions. I apologize.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This type of product, is there a difference between HMO products and PPO or geography?
James E. Murray: Yes, I would think that predominantly, these are more related to the PPO products that we have. With the HMO products, there's more of an integrated care delivery kind of a model that we like a lot more. So I think from where we're seeing most of these issues, it's more from the PPO and little bit from the remaining private fee for service business that we have. But that's not a significant portion of our overall membership block.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Because when you said earlier that $100 million of the cost was from utilization across the entire book, that was just the retail book, not the MA book?
James E. Murray: That's correct. I said I was clear to say individual, but if I didn't, I apologize.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just was wondering why it wouldn't have flowed through to both if the senior population is using outpatient services, why it would be in one part of the book and not the other part.
James E. Murray: The other thing that I would quickly point out is that some of the benefit changes that are required by the new law don't really apply to the Group Medicare business and there is not as much messaging that applies to the Group Medicare folks. So some of the increased utilization we saw from the preventive benefits and the messaging that I talked about earlier don't really apply to the Group Medicare folks.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Because it sounds a little bit like you guys are talking about 2011, 2012 just getting more aggressive in your bidding and maybe getting a little bit of adverse selection. How much of what you've seen in the last few years you think is a bidding issue versus a utilization issue?
James E. Murray: Yes, I want to be real clear about your comment about adverse selection. When you look at the slide and the risk scores that are shown on the slide for the new members that came in, they're pretty consistent year-over-year. So I wouldn't stipulate that there's -- that we've gotten adversely selected against. I think our risk profile for the new members that we're bringing in is very consistent over time. And one of the other things that I would quickly point out is that we feel all members are good members for us as an organization. As long as we get our full share of the risk for all the cohorts of members, feel very good about that we're able to accomplish in terms of member being risk adjusted over a period of time. And so we don't think that there's any book of business or any member that over time can't be a favorable member for us.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And this $0.18 investment in clinical infrastructure, is that something that we should be annualizing into next year or is there some sort of ramp up that goes away or how do we think about that?
James H. Bloem: The way we describe it, Kevin, is that we said it's really this year in order to accelerate, as Jim and Bruce said, getting people into the correct clinical programs, the appropriate ones for them and to speed along the documentation process.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But that's not something you're going to keep as a matter of course going forward, it's kind of more of a one-time investment?
James E. Murray: The reason it was really highlighted is because it helped -- it didn't help, it hurt our overall guidance because it's an expense that we agreed to pay in the back half of the year. You won't see this going forward, because it will just be subsumed in all of our administrative spend as an organization but because we decided to do it in the back half of the year, it negatively impacted our overall guidance.
Michael B. McCallister: It's $0.18 of that $0.48. So that's why we thought we would give it special attention.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte with Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So you said $0.18 on the clinical infrastructure, but I'm looking at your SG&A guidance and you might have brought this up already but it's gone up by 50 bps, which is pretty really substantial. And considering you made numbers for this quarter, your guidance write-downs seems largely also related to that. Can you give us more color on it?
James H. Bloem: Yes, the main thing in the SG&A ratio, for this year and for this quarter and the rest of the year is the TRICARE. The changing TRICARE with is worth 130 basis points. The accounting -- the economics remain as we've described, but the accounting for them where you go to a net basis is really the biggest difference. A then we also had, as I mentioned in my remarks, we had some special legal expenses. We culled out the settlement but not the legal expenses. And the legal expenses were in there as well, in the quarter for the Sacred Heart.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: When you guided, you brought it down to, I think, the $0.17 for the litigation settlement. That already contemplated the TRICARE and the Sacred Heart things. So is this new beyond what you had disclosed to us a few weeks ago?
James H. Bloem: The settlement itself, we estimated to be $0.17 on May 21 turned out to be $0.18. But the legal expenses associated with that are still in SG&A and not included in that.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So this is more kind of a one-time thing that we're talking about?
James H. Bloem: Yes, that's correct.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then for the next year, you're targeting 5%. You had your star scores in 2011. Given where you were, are you projecting for 2013 in terms of the total dollar amount for the 2013 plan year? And what have you given away in terms of stars and trend benders as you call them in your bids, are you still expecting any upside from any of that?
James E. Murray: When we do a bid, there's probably 7 to 8 assumptions that go into the bid process market-by-market and stars is one of those secular trends, trend benders, MRA and a lot of other factors. So as I said earlier, we felt -- we feel very good as a result of the 2013 bid process that we have -- gotten us back to the target margins that we've shared with you in the past. And that we've established some level of conservatism getting us closer to where we were in 2009 and '10. I'm not sure that we should go into individual assumptions and just talk about the package as a whole.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So it's 5% with some upside is what we should think about for '13?
James E. Murray: Our target margin was 5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you go through the $1.18 in MA trend cut, sort of split it out between the 4 items, the 2011 new cohort, the 2012 new cohort and the ACA promoting higher costs and the rise in outpatient cost that you identified? So if I take those 4 things as being the main portion of that, how much of each of those was $1.18?
James H. Bloem: Well, I think the way -- Jim took us to a $270 million underwriting issue with respect to the Retail Segment. In his remarks, he talked about $170 million of that being the new member and a new member who I think would subsume 2 of the things that you mentioned. And then the rest of it, the other $100 million was in the trend for all, both new and existing members. That was sort of the messaging was part of that. And what was the other -- what was the fourth thing?
James E. Murray: Outpatient trend itself across the block.
James E. Murray: The outpatient is included in the $100 million. So if I were to estimate the split between the impact of the required benefit change and the messaging related to it versus the outpatient, it's probably 66% to 75% is related to the messaging and new benefit, and the outpatient cost represents the difference.
James H. Bloem: I think that's a fair allocation.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then can you separate the 2011 versus the 2012 cohort, how much of the problem was in each of those? Because presumably you caught the 2011 cohort problem in terms of your 2013 bid, but it's look like you were probably too late to catch the 2012 stuff in your 2013 bid. Is that accurate?
James E. Murray: The way I think about this whole issue is that for the July payments that weren't caught, we've talked internally that, that represents maybe $60 million to $80 million but that's offset with some of the things that I talked about that we contemplated in February. And so that last piece related to the June incurred claims that we spotted in July, we think again is somewhere around $60 million to $80 million.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Let me try it another way. If I look at the change in guidance, the $0.48, if I subtract that, the $0.18 for the charge, you're down to $0.30 being the incremental portion that you found sort of tied to that June or July claims with all the other onetime things netting against the rest of the trend change. So that $0.30, $0.04 of that was in slightly worse performance from other operations, it looks like. So it was down $0.26. So what's the $0.26 tied to? Which of those 4 buckets that I just described is really driving the $0.26?
James E. Murray: Also, $46 million of additional clinical spend that we...
James H. Bloem: I think that's the one thing he's talking about. And it happens to be in the same amount as the charge for the litigation, exact same number. So I wanted to just make sure that's clear. That comes out separately. So when you look of the rest of it -- repeat your question.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So the remaining $0.26 of the change, how much is tied to each of the 4 things, the 2011 cohort, the 2012 cohort, the ACA higher costs and then the rising outpatient costs?
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Regina Nethery: Excuse me, Christine, for one quick second. We were just hesitating on doing some internal calculations to answer Peter's question. So, Peter, I apologize. We'll get with you here in a second.
James H. Bloem: I would say it's probably 2/3 is in the 2012 and the rest is in the '11. The '11 was caught and as Jim said, only the incremental part that comes from the $80 million that was caught in the early July when we saw the results from June in terms of paid claims.
Regina Nethery: Thanks, Jim. I'm sorry, Christine. Go ahead with your question.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So just to follow-up on this because I think it really is all about 2013. A couple of follow-ups. One, are you assuming that the $200 million to $300 million benefit from your clinical interventions is going to be realized in your 2013 experience? Is that included in your bids in terms of -- and your expectation for the 5% margin?
James E. Murray: No. The trend benders that we made as a part of our 2013 bid had some clinical program benefits in it, but most of what Bruce detailed in the $200 million to $300 million would be incremental opportunities that we're pursuing that we would maybe begin to see the beneficial effect of during 2012. But we want to get really comfortable that those processes and procedures are in place by January 1, so that we can see a lot of that benefit that Bruce described flow into the 2013 year.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So when you bid, did you assume you were going to get that $200 million to $300 million in 2013?
James E. Murray: No. We had a number of other trend benders that we do on a regular basis related to clinical programs but one Bruce identified for you explicitly aren't included in the trend benders that are a part of our 2013 bid. These would be more incremental opportunities.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And then what are you expecting a Medicare Advantage trend this year? And what did you bid assuming it would be next year? And when did you realize you had the negative $40 million of development in retail?
James E. Murray: I'm not sure I know what the $40 million is that you're referring to. There's a lot of numbers that are getting thrown around. I will tell you that we've historically told everybody that we generally believe secular trends run in the 4% to 6% range and in our 2013 bids, we've got a number included on the higher end of that range on a secular trend basis.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And what do you think it's running this year?
James E. Murray: I don't know that that's something that we typically disclose.
James H. Bloem: We still say it's that same 4% to 6% but obviously, everything we told you today...
James E. Murray: Secular trends for us are running about 4% to 6%.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And when did you realize that you had the $40 million of prior period negative development in the second quarter related to the first?
James H. Bloem: Yes. That was generally ratable through each of the months. Again, as we said earlier, we had the other things that I've indicated show the fact that our guidance was still intact for both the end of the quarter and the year.
James E. Murray: Yes, as I talk through when I talk about the bids, we were looking at April incurs. We got that in May. We looked at May incurred and we saw that in June and whatever we saw in terms of a restatement related to the first quarter, we were spotting and we were evaluating regularly how our year looked after we did all of those claim evaluations. And again, it wasn't until the July, early July when we saw the June results that we thought we had problems for the year.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And then last question, if we had a $60 million to $80 million July problem that we -- the June problem we caught in July that we didn't put in the bids, do I take $60 million times 12 is the 2013 potential issue? Or is there something -- it sounds like that's not the logic you should be using because again get to 5% that way. Can you help me out and that's my last question.
James E. Murray: The $60 million to $80 million that I would talk about is what we project the impact for the remainder of the year as opposed to one particular month. I apologize, I should have been clearer about that. We look of the trends that we saw and we said, okay, what's the impact of those trends for the remainder of the year and that would be the $60 million to $80 million that I referenced a moment ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted to come back to make sure I get some of the numbers in the call earlier. I think you said that wellness visits are up 200% year-to-year and that routine physicals are up 22% year-to-year. Is that the Retail MA business, is that the entire Retail business or what was that or what is that?
Bruce D. Broussard: That's the individual or retail Medicare Advantage business. Somebody earlier asked whether we're seeing a similar problem in the Group Medicare business and the answer to that is no.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: But those trends that 200% increase that's been apparent all year long and now you're basically saying that, that sort of -- those increased visits have led and assuming messaging that that's what's driving -- that's what drove the spike in June?
James E. Murray: Yes, what we're explaining by talking about that 270 and then offsetting it by some of the other things that we saw in our other segments is just to demonstrate what's happened to our retail business. And it happened as we've discussed throughout the first quarter. We learned about the first quarter issues in the second quarter as we pay claims for the April incurred and the May incurred. And as we saw those claim payments occur during the months of April, May and June, the issues that we just talked about began to emerge.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Right. I guess -- but was there anything specific to spike out on the outpatient side that was sort of a derivative of those things in June? Any particular type of service or just across-the-board outpatient?
James E. Murray: Pretty much across-the-board. I think, and we referenced this in my remarks, that we've been following -- as we've been seeing some of this occurring April and May, we've been also spotting that some of you have written up about some of the favorable reports from the hospital industry about their outpatient revenues. And it seems to correlate. But again, that outpatient issue was probably a very small portion of the $100 million that I talked about a moment ago. Probably 33% to 25% of that overall $100 million.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just a clarification question on Slide 8. Does this suggest that in 2011, your actual benefit ratio was quite a bit above the target benefit ratio?
James E. Murray: Yes, that's exactly what it suggests. And that's a part why in February, we stopped and said, okay, what do we need to do for our 2013 bid process? And as you can see from the slide, it got even worse in 2012.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And so if I were to -- what did your prior guidance assume? Did it assume that the black line was going down to get to the target for this year, or you always knew you were going to come in above?
James E. Murray: The guidance that we've talked about in the first quarter assumed the results that are demonstrated on the slide related to 2011. And one of the things that we tried to explain as we were walking through all of these pieces coming together is that some of the 2011 results that we experienced in 2011 could have improved in 2012 because we did all the documenting and the getting the folks into the program. So there are some, to the extent that we experienced that negative in 2011, what's happening in 2012 related to those members is something that have to go into this entire equation. And so when we provided our guidance in the first quarter, all of those pieces looked fine to us. And then as we moved through April and May and June, we began to see some of the 2012 begin to emerge and we regularly evaluate it where we were on our bid process and where we were in the guidance that we were preparing for all of you. And we were comfortable through the end of May incurred and early June that everything was in really good shape and we looked pretty good for the year.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Well, I guess, to make sure, what I'm really trying to get at. Did you previously think you could get to your target benefit ratio for new members individual Medicare or you always knew you were always going to come in above the target for 2012?
James E. Murray: For 2011, we were somewhere above our target in 2011 and whatever happened with those 2011 members in the 2012 incurred months went into our overall evaluation of how we were doing as an organization. In 2012, we began to spot the new member issue probably in the April and May time frames. And we began to spot it and we've began to deal with it and we would evaluate our bids and we also reevaluate our guidance. And it wasn't until the June incurred that we paid in July that it became apparent that we had a problem relative to our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl McDonald with Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What was the target margin that you included in the 2013 bid? So if you tell me the target margin was 5.5% or something higher than that, then everything you're saying today makes sense, in that you were projecting a higher margin, now you've seen something worse since you submitted the bids and that's going to take you down to 5%. Is that how you would position it or you would say something different?
James E. Murray: When we did our 2012 bids and when we did our 2013 bids, we targeted a margin of 5%.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 2012 was 5.5%?
Michael B. McCallister: To get back to something I said earlier. There's more conservatism in those bids. The target margin in there, though, is 5%.
James E. Murray: And in addition to that, we've got PDP business when you talk about our overall Medicare margins go to the guidance that we shared with you in the first quarter of 5.5% for our overall Medicare retail book of business.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. So maybe I'll use different words. In terms of the margin that you actually thought you would see in 2013, that was originally in the initial bid, something north of 5% and that's now come back to 5%?
Michael B. McCallister: No, we've never said that.
James E. Murray: I'm sorry. What year bids are you talking about when the asked the question?
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 2013.
James E. Murray: Okay. So when we did our bids for 2013, before we learned about the June incurred payments that we learned about in early July, we felt very good that we were putting together a bid package that not only got to the 5%, but began to restore a significant amount of the conservatism that perhaps was missing in 2012 and 2011. When we got done studying the July information, I would say that our bids came closer to the 5%. However, I still feel like they include some level of conservatism, not as much as we had anticipated when we filed them in June.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then the second question, just more high level. You've operated in a lot of difficult environments over the years. Other than the PDP blip back in 2008, you haven't had any problems with Medicare Advantage. And so I certainly understand all the specific issues you discussed, but they all seem to be things that you dealt with in one form or another in prior years. So in terms of the issue that you're having this year, would you attribute that to a confluence of events, is it, Mike, transitioning away from the business, is it the just lack of conservatism relative to prior years?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, let me take a shot at this. I think we've got unusual event going on that some of these new members combined with and yes, there is more demand for services from this population, combined with some pretty significant growth in it. So a couple of a perfect storm things come together here. I don't have any less confidence in our ability to deal with the annual bid process to get to the right place. We've been able to, or generally project well. We've been generally in the right spot in terms of finding the right balance for product offerings, price and benefits in the marketplace. We've had a long history of being able to sell this really well. We've grown better than anybody in the last few years. So if I step back to 50,000 feet, nobody's happy with the where we are this moment, but this company really does still very well understand what goes on in Medicare and I think has a pretty good path through all these complexities and all these moving parts you're talking about. So I'd rather be us than anybody else in this space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you speak to what is assumed in the utilization trends that you will see subsequent to June for the balance of this year, what's assumed in guidance?
James E. Murray: That trend that we saw up through the June incurred date are rolled forward for the remainder of 2012.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So no worsening, but also no improvement.
James E. Murray: Absolutely. We don't want to do this again.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And is there -- actually just a couple of follow-ups to that. One, I guess, the 2011 cohort is certainly a contributor to the problem here. From an 18-month lag and you talked about 18 to 24 months for some of your documentation and program enrollment type of activities to take hold, is now the time when the '11 should start to benefit from that and those take hold and so they can bend down and I'm asking more from the concern about the underlying outpatient trend getting worse and would that be an offset?
James E. Murray: Dave, you're exactly right. And somebody just asked what happened here is the way I would interpret the answer. And when I step back and look at this in frustration and embarrassment, are words that come out of my mouth immediately. But I would say that the bolus of members that we have, there are new members and the higher medical expense ratio that we targeted for them and the fact that we got more of them and then that the 2012 cohort is performing worse than we've ever seen. And then where those 2011 members are on that 12 to 24-month journey, you put all those factors together and the fact that we had taken out some of the bid conservatism in 2012 and '11, that doesn't allow the existing book of business that isn't the new members to have favorable results relative to bids to offset some of these issues. When you add all those pieces together, it's where we're at and again, it's frustrating and it's not something that we're very happy about and I don't know what else to say about that.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: If I could ask just one follow-up on a different topic and that is the drug cost. Jim Bloem, you talked about not seeing the same favorable benefit from generics on drugs. We've heard some others actually expect that generic wave would have a favorable effect on cost trend in the second half of '12. I wondered why you don't expect that.
James H. Bloem: I was only -- my comments were based on comparing 2011 where you have lots of expirations and wholesale cost -- acquisition costs lowering the benefit ratio. Those won't be present this year. That's all I'm saying. [indiscernible] they still are good, but when you compare back to '11, it's not as good as '11. That was my only...
Operator: Your final question comes from Melissa McGinnis with Morgan Stanley.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess, just quickly in thinking about the earnings power past 2013. A quarter ago, we were talking a lot about this idea that Humana has positioned its bids to glide past the MLRs towards the MLR floor and I was sort of thinking through 2013 where with position bids trying to get MLRs back down to lower target. So how do we split those 2 things? Even if you do achieve closer to your target margins on 2013, then what type of maybe disruption or margin disruption we'll see going into 2014 because it would no longer seem like we were on a glide path for those MLR floors.
James H. Bloem: Well, I'll say to that is again, we've emphasized how important it is to get the members and that the members are what drive the dollar profit. The dollar profit around the target margin of 5% is what really gives us the earning power. So it's very important as we've started the conversation today with our strategy says we need to grow members and then we need to take those members, get them into appropriate clinical settings and get the right documentation. And that's why I think when Mike said a few minutes ago, he'd rather be us than anybody else because I think, on an organic basis, we do that as well as anybody and that's the key toward when you look beyond '13 and you get to '14 and beyond.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us. Again, we're disappointed with where we are at the moment. I would remind everyone that even with the guidance for the full year '12 it will be the best -- second best year in the 50-year history of this company. We do feel pretty comfortable where we are with bids for '13. We believe we will have an opportunity to grow again in '13 and we'll back on track in this company by January 1, we believe. And I'd remind everybody that while these new members are currently causing us some economic problems, they will be with us for a long time and we have a lot of time to work with them and get them to a better place. So thanks for joining us and I'd like to thank the Humana associates that are on the call for helping us to continue to progress. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President of Investor Relations Michael B. McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Bruce D. Broussard - President James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Robin, and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, our senior management team will briefly discuss highlights from our first quarter 2012 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook for the full year. Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Mike McCallister, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Bruce Broussard, Humana's President; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for our question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike, Bruce and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana announced first quarter earnings of $1.49 per share, above the top end of our previous guidance. In light of these results, we are increasing our guidance for full year earnings per share to a range of $7.55 to $7.75 from our previous range of $7.50 to $7.70. Our better-than-expected results reflect Humana's continued focus on the growth that comes from helping people achieve lifelong well-being, particularly in Medicare.  In today's call, I'll discuss 3 major Medicare growth opportunities for Humana. Medicare age-ins as baby boomers retire, Group Medicare business and longer-term Medicare/Medicaid dual-eligibles. To put these opportunities in context, let me begin with a brief review of Humana's strategy.  For several years, I've been emphasizing the importance of membership growth in Medicare Advantage and PDP as the primary key to Humana's long-term prosperity. We've consequently developed a growth cycle repeated each 12 months, which has achieved notable success.  It works like this. First, we reset our Medicare margins to 5% in the bids we file with CMS each June. Next, we vigorously pursue the comprehensive data-driven medical management and operating cost initiatives that make up our 15 Percent Solution. The progress we make each year is reinvested into attractive highly competitive products for the following year, what you often hear me describe as our senior value proposition.  Finally, in addition to Medicare membership growth, our increasing scale produces related benefits for business adjacencies like RightSource and Concentra as we acquaint all of our members with a wide array of Humana products and services with the goal of maximizing lifetime customer value. Our first quarter results extended this successful cycle and positioned us well for additional growth. This slide shows just how significant that growth has been over the last 3 years. We achieved a net new Medicare Advantage membership increase of 254,000 in 2010; 196,000 in 2011; and are projecting 330,000 to 340,000 net new numbers by the end of this year, the biggest single year increase since 2006. Our stand-alone PDP net new growth estimate for this year is 500,000 to 600,000 on top of the 859,000 net new members we added in 2011.  With respect to newly eligible Medicare beneficiaries, the first of the 3 opportunities, I've discussed in previous calls how our one-to-one retail approach to Medicare Advantage sales, combined with our compelling senior value proposition, positions us well as the age-in population increases.  This slide shows that in the growing Medicare Advantage market, Humana's growth is outpacing the sector's overall growth. Working in tandem, these 2 trends are adding appreciably to our scale, which is especially important in the post-reform environment.  I'll now turn to Group Medicare Advantage, the second of our 3 Medicare growth opportunities. This market has been estimated at approximately 14 million eligibles. It clearly has significant potential, but requires patience since the sales cycle tends to be long. We're seeing an uptick in interest recently as commercial and public sector employers, faced with the baby boomer retirement wave, are engaging in serious discussions with us more actively than ever before.  We're also seeing promising early results. Since 2008, Humana has added more than 300,000 Group Medicare Advantage members. We expect to continue to be an active participant here as employers seek national players with depth and breadth of experience managing retiree health benefit costs.  Turning thirdly to dual-eligibles. This slide sizes the market opportunity for full duals at nearly 7 million eligibles. We believe firmly that our knowledge of the senior population, together with our proven clinical care model serving those living with multiple chronic conditions, gives Humana a distinct advantage in addressing the high cost and poor health often associated with the dual-eligibles. Bruce Broussard will speak more fully to this opportunity in his remarks.  As I do each quarter, let me now briefly update you on our 15 Percent Solution. Having just completed the first full quarter since our Anvita Health acquisition, I'll highlight how our Anvita rules engine has been integrated with our Care Hub medical management system to refine and enhance clinical care management, bringing real time big data to our members' benefit.  Anvita's powerful rules engine collects and standardizes to disparate data sources using proprietary algorithms it then identifies and prioritizes specific areas for intervention, predicts where clinical outreach is likely to be required, and together with our Atlas Rules engine, determines how best to reach out to our members to ensure maximum productivity.  Let's quickly walk through how this works. We have a multitude of data elements about each of our members. The Anvita Rules engine processed 64 billion pieces of data for our medical membership in December 2011 alone. That translates into approximately 200 billion data elements being analyzed per quarter. Once such data is processed, Anvita then interacts with Atlas to determine the greatest opportunities to address gaps in care for our members.  In December 2011, approximately 354,000 actionable gaps in care were identified, then in turn, generated a multitude of alerts to nurses, providers, members and our service operations teams. As a result, 31% of these gaps in care were converted into actions to improve outcomes for those members.  We continue to study all of this data to identify additional ways to improve our outreach. Needless to say, we're excited about the positive behavior change implications for our members this new tool provides. The effectiveness of our chronic care management system is being further augmented by our pending SeniorBridge acquisition. We begun to work with the SeniorBridge team, including 5 -- 1,500 geriatric care managers throughout the U.S., we're visiting the homes of seniors living with multiple chronic conditions.  All of our work in chronic care management is designed to ultimately help our member stay out of institutionalized care, and instead, age with grace in their home. We want seniors to have the best quality of life possible. That includes the best possible health status that, in turn, can contribute to independence, a better consumer experience and lower costs.  To that end, we also strive to ensure our senior value proposition remains robust regardless of the rate environment. With 2013 rates from CMS now finalized, we are deeply involved in the 2013 bid design process. We anticipate that similar to years past, we will design competitive benefit packages that continue to offer compelling value across the country.  To conclude, we are pleased that 2012 is off to a solid start and look forward to sharing more of our progress with you on future earnings calls.  Now I'll turn the call over to Bruce for detailed remarks about our dual-eligible strategy, as well as some recent organizational developments.
Bruce D. Broussard: Thank you, Mike. I'd like to touch on a few things just before Jim Bloem take us through the financials for the quarter in detail. As I've met with investors over the past quarter, interest in how Humana will pursue the dual-eligible opportunity has been strong. Therefore, I'll spend a few moments on our approach to the duals market and our recently announced agreement with CareSource.  Let me begin with the basic tenets of our dual-eligible strategy. First, we will actively participate in this market. We believe the benefits are twofold: revenues per member can be quite high; and we see an incredible opportunity to help this population achieve lifelong well-being. To that end, we must effectively leverage our knowledge of the senior population and the related chronic care management expertise we've gained during our 25 years in the Medicare program. We must also recognize where we need assistance with such specialized areas as the tenant population and long-term care. In such cases, we intend to work with the industry leaders in these areas to ensure that the implementation of the program is seamless to the member while producing high-quality care. Finally, we must participate in a deliberate fashion. The market still is in flux, particularly with respect to the state and federal technical guidance. Having said that, we believe we are fully ready to participate in this dynamic market.  To address the opportunity with more precision, this slide illustrates the per member per month cost associated with the various components of the Medicaid market. Not surprisingly PMPMs weighted heavily towards duals and long-term care members with our care management and clinical intervention programs can be most effective.  There have been many questions at how our duals strategy is aligned with the timing of the CMS demonstration project with the states. States can pursue the program in 3 different structures: One option is to combine the tenants and senior-aged duals in one program. Second option is to separate the tenant from the seniors but require both medical and long-term care management. And the third is not to participate in the CMS demonstration project, leaving duals under the existing state programs.  This slide outlines the number of full dual members in our existing business, and more importantly, the membership opportunity for states prioritizing our strategic plan. Note that the number of members at risk is relatively small, 52,000, in comparison to the 4.5 million membership opportunity. We believe the limited number of states requiring services with TANF is very manageable with our recently announced CareSource alliance.  In addition, we have a significant opportunity in states requiring long-term care with our Humana Cares and our pending SeniorBridge acquisition capabilities, combined with leveraging our long-term care service partners. Obviously, it is too early to quantify our expected success. However, our cautious strategy of partnering through alliances provides the opportunity to participate in the early stages of the demonstration project, but provides flexibility as the state technical guidance is more defined.  We are very excited about our alliance with CareSource that we announced in the first quarter and believe it will position us for the dual success in a number of geographies. With Humana being one of the most respected Medicare companies in the U.S., we now have a proven Medicaid partner with 23 years of experience and a solid reputation with government agencies.  Through this alliance, Humana and CareSource will deliver innovative solutions to enhance care coordination and improve health outcomes. CareSource will take the lead in servicing the TANF members in those states where the bidding requirements to serve duals is combined with the TANF population.  Let me close by highlighting some recent organizational changes as we continue to thoughtfully adjust our organizational structure to be more aligned with our customer-centric operating segments. We are pleased to make 2 key appointments in the first quarter. First, Tom Liston was promoted to President of our Retail Segment. Tom has been instrumental in leading our Senior Products Group for the past several years. He was the ideal choice to oversee the entire Retail Segment. Second, Tim McClain was promoted to President of our Government and Other Businesses. With a solid background in government and military services, including several years with Humana Military as the Head of our Veteran Services, Tim will be highly effective in ensuring that our multifaceted military and veteran service business will continue to thrive. These leaders are but 2 examples of a highly capable individuals whom I have known -- have the pleasure of working on a day-to-day basis. I continue to be impressed by the intelligence, dedication and deep concern that I see for our members from leaders and associates throughout the company.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jim now.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning everyone. Looking at the first quarter, we were pleased with earnings per share of $1.49, which exceeded the midpoint of our previous guidance of $1.40 by $0.09.  As indicated on the slide, there were 2 principal items that drove this over performance: first, greater-than-anticipated prior period development of medical claims reserves added $0.03 per share to the quarter's results. This amount was lower than the $0.31 of favorable development experienced during last year's first quarter, a difference that I will discuss when I review each segment's results in the next few minutes. Second, we lowered our estimate of the 2011 Medical Loss Ratio rebates payable for our Employer Group and individual commercial business lines by approximately $15 million, which added $0.06 per share to the results for the first quarter. $13 million of this $15 million was driven by our Commercial Group business while the remaining $2 million was attributable to our individual commercial business. Looking ahead to the full year, these same 2 principles apply as indicated on the slide. In addition, we now have included the recent Arcadian acquisition in our full year 2012 guidance. We estimate that Arcadian will be $0.05 per share dilutive due to transaction and integration costs. Arcadian is expected to become accretive once we switch the business to our platform on January 1, 2013. So in summary, we now expect full year 2012 earnings per share of $7.55 to $7.75, an increase of $0.05 per share over our previous guidance midpoint. In this morning's press release, we also included EPS guidance of $2.15 to $2.25 for the second quarter. Based upon our 2012 full year guidance of $7.55 to $7.75 per share, we expect to earn slightly more than 1/2 of our full year EPS in the second half of the year.  In contrast, we earned 54% of our 2011 EPS in the first half of the year. This 2012 difference in our earnings pattern of the first half versus the second half of the year primarily is attributable to the following 3 factors: first, our 2002 year-over-year -- our 2012 year-over-year quarterly administrative expense growth for the rest of this year is expected to be progressively lower versus 2011. As in prior years, we expect to incur a higher run rate of marketing and enrollment costs for our Medicare business during the final 4 months of 2012. However, in 2011, we also were investing increasing amounts in our clinical and provider infrastructure throughout the year. Accordingly, the 2012 year-over-year quarterly change in this investment spend is expected to decrease as we progress through this year. Thus, even though our Retail Segment operating expense ratio was 40 basis points higher in the first quarter of 2012 than it was in the first quarter of '11, we expect that, ultimately, it will come in around 50 basis points lower for the full year 2012 versus 2011. Second, the expected growth rate in our PDP membership by 550,000 members at the midpoint results in a further shift of our earnings toward the second half of the year. As we've discussed on numerous occasions, the annual benefit change of the PDP product results in a declining medical expense ratio as the year progresses. And finally, leap day this year had the impact of moving more expense into the first half of the year relative to the second half. Accordingly, after including the impact of these 3 items, we remain comfortable with our second half 2012 forecasts. Turning now in more detail to the first quarter Retail Segment results. Pretax earnings of $115 million were in line with our expectations. They included the $33 million impact of favorable prior period development versus $40 million in last year's first quarter. It is also important to note that leap day resulted in an extra $40 million of medical expense compared to last year's first quarter.  Looking at the full year. As I mentioned previously, we now have included the impact of the Arcadian acquisition in our forecast, which results in approximately $0.05 per share dilution, a $14 million pretax loss. Again, the 2012 Arcadian dilution reflects both transaction costs, as well as the full cost of the integration to prepare this business to fully transition to our Medicare platform on January 1, 2013.  Thus, in evaluating our full year 2012 Retail Segment pretax margin guidance range of 5.2% to 5.4%, it should be noted that the inclusion of Arcadian reduced our anticipated pretax margin by 20 basis points. However, on a same-store basis with our previous Retail margin guidance range of 5.3% to 5.5%, the revised pretax margin outlook for our Retail book of business, excluding Arcadian, actually is anticipated to increase by 10 basis points to a range of 5.4% to 5.6%, again primarily due to the favorable prior period development I discussed earlier. Finally, as you review the Retail Segment for the full year, please remember the 3 things that I mentioned earlier: first, the operating expense ratio will improve relative to last year as we go through this year; second, the addition of 550,000 at the midpoint PDP members, which, as usual, primarily benefits the second half pretax income; and third, also as usual, we do not include any future benefit from any additional prior period development in our full year forecast. Turning now to the Employer Group segment. Our pretax income of $121 million included 2 items that were not considered in our previous forecast as indicated on the slide. First, the results included the impact of $30 million in unfavorable prior period development, which I will elaborate on in just a minute. Second, we lowered our estimate of the 2011 minimum Medical Loss Ratio rebate payable by $13 million during the first quarter, which benefited our first quarter results. This amount was primarily attributable to the refinement of state-level calculations based on the first quarter runout of claims. With respect to the unfavorable prior period development, the $30 million consist primarily of the following 2 nontrend-related events: first, the timing of claims processing changes primarily at some of our claims clearinghouses as a result of their implementation of the HIPAA 5010 requirements caused us to slightly underestimate our IBNR at the end of the year. We are confident that this was a disruption around year end that is fully behind us since we are now processing over 98% of all claims in the new 5010 format. This change accounted for more than 1/2 of the $30 million.  Second, a onetime plan design change for one medium-sized Group Medicare Advantage account resulted in a slight underestimation of the related fourth quarter claims for this group and this accounted for most of the remainder of the $30 million.  So to summarize with the respect to medical claims reserve development, we had $8 million or $0.03 per share in the aggregate of greater-than-anticipated favorable development. And we anticipate there should be additional favorable development throughout the remaining 3 quarters of the year just as there has been in prior years since we continue to use the same actuarially based consistent reserving methodology from period-to-period as in the prior years. With respect to 2012 commercial medical cost trends, although we continue to expect a gradual uptick in utilization at some point, we did not experience an increase in the first quarter. In fact, we saw lower levels of inpatient hospitalization than we had expected. Although we have not changed our trend outlook for the full year, our trend forecast has now moved toward the lower end of the range of 6% to 6.5% that we have been planning for the full year and have discussed during the last 2 earnings conference calls. And finally, as also shown on the slide, leap-day negatively impacted the first quarter of this year by $15 million compared to 2011. Thus, with respect to the Employer Group segment, we're pleased with our overall pretax income of $121 million for the first quarter after giving consideration to the nontrend-related unfavorable development and the other factors listed on the slide. We remain confident of our full year Employer Group pretax outlook. Turning next to our Health and Well-Being Services Segment. As shown on this slide, both pretax and revenue earnings are showing significant growth over 2011. This is primarily due to the increase in volumes for our PBM and mail order operations, which are a result of increased Medicare Advantage and Medicare PDP membership, as well as increasing same-store mail order penetration levels. Also in this morning's press release, we've added statistical Page 9, which shows pharmacy metrics that provide further detail regarding our generic dispense rates and our script volumes. This final slide updates our current financial resources and 2012 capital deployment plans. But first, I want to comment on the first quarter 2012 cash flows, which were affected by an early CMS payment of 2 point -- $2,020,000,000 on March 30 related to the premiums for the month of April.  Excluding the early payment from CMS, first quarter operating cash flows were $465 million lower than in the first quarter of '11 due both to lower net income and working capital timing differences. The approximately $400 million of working capital timing differences primarily were due to roughly equal changes in both benefits payable and other liabilities.  The majority of the benefits payable portion included the timing of payments to our pharmacy benefit administrator while the other liabilities primarily included lower Part D risk share accruals and an additional associate payroll cycle. Accordingly, we remain confident in our full year 2012 operating cash flows guidance range of $1.8 billion to $2.0 billion.  From the standpoint of available financial resources, we are pleased to report that after consultations with the various state departments of insurance and the credit rating agencies, we expect to receive $1,022,000,000 in 2012 dividends from our operating subsidiaries during the next 90 days. This amount compares with $1,077,000,000 of 2011 dividends and will increase the March 31, 2012, parent cash and investments balance of $225 million.  With respect to our 2012 capital deployment plans, we continue our consistent and constant review of strategically important potential acquisitions and investments, as well as capital projects while concurrently returning capital to shareholders through our quarterly cash dividends and a strong repurchase program. As noted in the press release, the board recently increased our quarterly cash dividend initiated last year to $0.26 per share. At the same time, the board also refreshed our share repurchase program to up to $1 billion through June 30, 2014. Like the previous authorization, the new authorization permits shares to be repurchased from time-to-time at prices in the open market by block purchases or in privately negotiated transactions.  And with that, we'll open up the phone lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Regina Nethery: We're ready for questions now, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could I just ask on the -- your comments on medical cost trend where you actually saw utilization a bit lower. I assume that's adjusted for the leap-day impact. Are you seeing that in both commercial, and Medicare and any more granularity you can give us on that?
James H. Bloem: Well, the remarks that I gave were really confined to the commercial because that's the one that tends to vary more and it was -- and I discussed it under Employer Group. But in the Medicare, again we've not seen a lot of change. So again, we're very comfortable with sort of what we've been seeing. The leap day was accounted for in our pricing and in how we take into account our medical expense recognition.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And let me ask back on the commercial side. What are you guys seeing now in terms of price competition across your local markets? Would you say that -- have you seen any change, would you say, compared to a year or 2 ago?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The -- breaking it into the various case sizes, the Small Group block of business seems nicely positioned throughout the markets. Periodically, you'll see a market get a little bit hot. But generally speaking, we think we're nicely positioned for 2012. We had a nice growth here in 2011 with Small Group. On the Large Group side, the case size that continues to always be highly competitive is what we refer to, in past, as the portfolio size cases or 100 to 300 employees per group and that seems to be very, very competitive in all the marketplaces that we do business. Nothing real crazy in terms of the self-funded competitive landscape. Every now and again, you see a quote for a particular case that you scratch your head about, but nothing systematic. So well positioned in the smaller case sizes. The portfolio's a little bit aggressive in various other markets that we do business. But as you can see from some of the guidance points that we gave, the fully insured growth potential that we see for 2012 is positive for us, and we're just blocking and tackling.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I would take it then that the growth is more in the individual Small Group side and less on, I guess, what we refer to as middle market?
James E. Murray: That's a fair point, yes.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just the first question I just want to start on CareSource and the relationship there. I guess, Mike, you talked about whatever it was 3 months ago when you had the last call about several opportunities that you were exploring around the distribution of the duals. Obviously, CareSource was a huge one. I'm just curious did that help or hinder other discussions with other plans? And then if you could sort of run through what the financials will look like on that partnership? And then I guess lastly, were you aware that they were going to exit, sell Michigan when you guys entered into that relationship?
Michael B. McCallister: The last one is, first, yes, we're aware of that. And I think that CareSource represents one effort to address the marketplace and it's a great opportunity for us multiple states involved here with a great player. We're talking to others. There will be -- and yes, it gets everyone's attention when you actually reach an agreement with somebody because everyone's positioning and trying to figure out how to get position for the Medicaid business with the dual-eligibles being the primary driver. So there's a lot of chairs moving around and this was a great opportunity for us to work with somebody in a key state, to start with and multiple states over time. And we haven't shared the economics of the relationship in detail. I don't think we'll be doing that. But this is the first step, and we're going to be very thoughtful and make sure that we reach this market in an appropriate fashion.
James H. Bloem: Michigan we were aware of.
Michael B. McCallister: We were aware of, yes.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, Mike. And then just switching topics a little bit to the industry tax or fee, whatever you want to call it, that begins to be paid in '14, but there's discussions around potential accruals, et cetera, in '13. So I'm just curious how are you guys thinking about that as you prepare your bids, what is it now, 5 weeks away in terms of MA 2013?
Michael B. McCallister: We're not going to be having to deal with that tax for the 2013 bids, Josh. So we'll be dealing with it next year.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, so you don't plan to accrue it all in 2013?
Michael B. McCallister: No, no, we don't.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady with Credit Suisse.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First of all, I want to make sure I have the clean sort of operating run rate for the quarter. There was a negative $0.11 from PPOD due to those 2 factors you mentioned last year and then there was -- was it plus $0.06 from a change in the MLR definition. Did I get those right?
James H. Bloem: Well, again, what we said was the minimum MLR adjustment, the rebates was $0.06. And again, that's just a matter of seeing how the various states ran off in the first quarter versus the estimate that we had for the rest of it. The total favorable development was $0.03.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. I understand, but within the $0.03, was there a minus $0.11 roughly from factors -- the 2 factors last year you mentioned, the one big group and...
James H. Bloem: Actually, the amount in Retail, if you look at the slide, or the amount in Employer Group, let's take that one first. We had basically $41 million last year, and this year, it was a minus $30 million. The minus $30 million I explained is having 2 causes, those being the HIPAA 5010, which is now 98% of our claims being paid in compliance with that requirement. And the other one was -- the rest, that was between $15 million and $20 million. And then the other one was we made a plan design in one group, a medium-sized group and the Large Group business -- or in the Group Medicare business, which was basically all the rest. And that occurred in the fourth quarter.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. It occurred in the fourth quarter, but the hit for it was in the 1Q, right?
James H. Bloem: Yes, yes.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and then other things in the quarter, was there a change in your understanding of the MLR definitions? United had mentioned that as a positive benefit to them as they got the clarification from CMS. And then also was there any RADV accrual positive or negative in the quarter?
James H. Bloem: With respect to medical expense ratio, no, we -- it sort of turned out the way that we thought it would turn out. And then with respect to the RADV, we had not accrued anything with respect to RADV because again, it was a revenue adjustment item rather than a cost. And so we didn't think that accruing was appropriate, so we had to think reverse.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I really appreciate the breakout on Slide 22 of the year-over-year Retail margin. I just want to make sure I understand it correctly. It looks like of the 220 basis point change, 30 was prior period development, 70 was leap-day, Arcadian really didn't have a material impact. So then the 120 basis point amount that's left, could you just sort of break out the moving pieces within that?
James H. Bloem: Well, a lot of it has to do with the reinvestment that we talked about and resetting the margin every year that Mike went over in detail. And that's really the biggest part of it.
Michael B. McCallister: Other things that are part of the change quarter-over-quarter would be the impact of leap year this year, also the PDP business that is included in that statistic. There's a lot more PDP members this year than there were last year and so that's having a somewhat of an impact on this year's quarter results, but should reverse itself as the rest of the year plays out because of the seasonal nature of how those costs are incurred.
James H. Bloem: Yes, that's correct, and so when you put those adjustments back to the 1.9, you come very close to the 2.1 that again we're looking for, for the full year.
Michael B. McCallister: And the other thing that I would quickly throw out is that the administrative spend for the clinicians that we've hired since the second quarter of last year, about 950 nurses throughout all of the United States, had a negative impact on our quarter's results compared to last year's first quarter but obviously we'll have a nice pickup over the remainder of the year and into the future because of the work -- good work that they do around helping people understand their medical spend and what have you.
James H. Bloem: Sarah, just quick for a minute, if you just look at the prior period development for '12 and leap-day as Jim said, that really gets you that 1.9.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if I use your full year numbers to visualize how it happens with Part D, the 0.6 for the prior period development and the 0.2 change in margin for the Arcadian, the delta there between what you have in your slides for the full year change in margin is just the admin spend is how I should be thinking about it.
Michael B. McCallister: Correct.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then I understand you don't want to comment too much on the partnerships that you may have coming up with the duals, but just from a structural standpoint, should we be thinking about that as a partnership that's more like a service fee or a set fee where you would pay them something for access to that contract or more of sharing risks?
James E. Murray: Yes, the contracts that we have with CareSource today has CareSource being at risk for the TANF population and also at risk for the Medicare population that we've typically been at risk for. As we go through the various states that we're going to do business, there may be some sharing of the long-term care risk that exist, but that hasn't been quantified or set as we go through the various states.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Last quick clarification. In the press release, it mentioned there was a re-class relating to preparation of getting more in line with minimum MLR for 2014. Could you just tell us about how much that was of a re-class from SG&A to MLR?
James H. Bloem: That was a generic. When you look at it, everything in its total, as we get ready to get to 2014, we know that we have to get to 85% everywhere in the aggregate. And then we have the state limitations so we've made some adjustments so that we don't have to make one huge adjustment, but we're sort of on the glide path into that 85%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. Just want to follow up on that last question there. How much of a drag was that accrual back to the -- or the glide path back to minimum MLR requirement, and is that something you think other companies are doing right now or are you kind of being ahead of the game on that?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, we don't comment on what we think other people are doing. We'll get a good read on what they're going to be doing for '13, again, as we always do in the fall. But again for us, it's a matter of the stability of premium and benefits is very important to us. So you don't want to get into a situation where the premium and benefits for each member is changed radically in a single year when you know that in a couple of years you have to bring everything into an 85% constraint. So that's why that was done. We're just pointing that out.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, but I guess as we think about rates over the next couple of years when you said the industry fee in 2014 and then you got some quoting adjustments and then the Star bonus demonstration expires in 2015. Is there a thought about saving some of those -- that extra profit for the things going on in 2014 to keep that more stable rather than trying give it away now?
Michael B. McCallister: Actually again, we think it's very important to continue to attract Medicare membership. And then as you can see when we have those members over a number of years, we get, A, we get better at coordinating their care and teaching them health and well-being for themselves. And B, that also gives us an advantage then that they can begin to migrate to a plan that's appropriate to them that gets to and helps their retention with us and gets them to the appropriate level of care and coverage that they need.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so how is this different than just resetting your margins to your kind of 5% target, and then how should we think about the impact of this in isolation versus the other things that are going on around MLR?
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. It's an integral part of the reset process. In prior years, as we did the reset, the evaluation of the likelihood of the secular trend or the trend vendors to play out would be known at that time. And for this year, we felt it was appropriate to rather than wait until 2014 to be explicitly identifying a part of the margin reset for us to get our medical expense ratios more in line with what will likely happen in 2014. It's a very detailed process. And again, we just think that it was wise now to, if you will, amortize the exposure that we had on the state or county basis so that we didn't have a big cliff when we hit 2014. But it's an integral part of the process and it's just -- it's a function of how much we think our assumptions around our bidding process are conservative or aggressive.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, just last question here. You mentioned briefly in the prepared comments about the 2013 rate. Was there anything in 2013 rate that made you think that today, like now, is the time to be doing this rather than waiting for 2014?
Michael B. McCallister: No, we would have done it anyway. Just all part of the way we approach it.
Bruce D. Broussard: All the factors we talked about in the past was an understanding secular trend and the trend vendors and the good work that we're doing around the 15 Percent Solution and the amount of room that we have in all of that. And as we sit here today, we've got a bunch of our markets that are in doing the bidding process and we just felt it was appropriate to step up to it. And we feel very good about what we've talked about in the past. I think Mike highlighted it in his remarks. It's a very iterative process that we are very deliberate about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold with Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask a clarifying question about the HIPAA 5010 and how that impacted the development in the quarter. And also I see, with respect to your days claims payable, you mentioned that you've seen a mix shift favorable capitation in HMO products within Medicare Advantage. Can you quantify that impact and quantify the mix shift you've seen at Medicare Advantage book on a capitated side?
James H. Bloem: Yes, for year-over-year -- let's do that one first. The year-over-year on capitation, basically we went from about 13.1% of our members were in capitation arrangements and I'm talking about the Medicare now because that's where most of the Med capitation is. And now it's like 14.5%. And so that increase -- if you take that increase and you look at the total increase in our Medicare Advantage membership you see that's a good part of it and then you think back to what we've told you before about a lot of our expansion this year was in HMOs and that's where the capitation takes place. So when you look in days in claims payable, you can see that they went down about 2.5 days and that, that really is the reason. There's lots of our normal ins and outs that we show you on Pages S16, but again the biggest one was the 2.5 days for that capitation as you pointed out. And I forgot the other part of your question.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Can you expand on the impact of HIPAA 5010 and the claims inventories in the fourth quarter on the prior period negative development that you saw in the Employer segment?
James H. Bloem: HIPAA 5010 was, at that time, in the fourth quarter, it was said that it needed to be done by 9/30 of '12. So a lot of the claims clearinghouses began their work on it. It's very important in order to be compliant with HIPAA with respect to the electronic transmission of claims. And that's obviously the way we do things -- most of our claims are handled that way. And so we had a couple of large clearinghouses that basically left off some claims for the last couple of days of the year like the 30th. The 30th was a Friday, and the 31st was the Saturday, if I'm not mistaken. And we knew they did that, but we underestimated the extent that they did that. But again, we knew that we were going to have this disruption because everybody has to become compliant. So the good news is that, that's a onetime thing because now we have 98% of our claims are compliant with HIPAA 5010.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So it sounds like the completion factors in fourth quarter were lower than you thought at the time. What's the risk that baseline medical trends on which you build your pricing just weren't high enough because you didn't get the baseline trend or you're pretty confident that didn't happen?
James H. Bloem: We're very confident that didn't happen because by that time the pricing decisions are largely all made. So again, this is just a matter of making our processes and bringing our processes up to regulatory requirements that are coming. Again, we think that we're ahead of people on that. But we give a lot of transparency so that people can see where we are and then we've given you the explanation.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Am I right that this is a completion factor issue?
James H. Bloem: Yes, because it was right at the end of the year as I mentioned.
Bruce D. Broussard: In prior quarters, we talked about a 7% pricing turn. And as Jim highlighted in his remarks earlier, that now is looking like it's in the 6% to 6.5% range. So we feel very comfortable with our pricing on our commercial book. And then on the capitation, I know that it impacts negatively the days in claims payable, which all of you wonder about quality. But we will happily trade that for getting 196,000 members in HMO arrangements because that's the best way to manage those members going forward. And so that's a good trade-off for us to make, and we're happy about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte with Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Was again following up on the Medicare margin and some of your competitors that report more cleanly I think are seeing either margin expansion that was about PPOD. I was curious to see you have 30 bps of PPD improvement -- the PPD based margin improvement in the Retail Segment. Is that gross or net? Did you take any of that back into the balance? And as you're thinking about the pricing for this year, the Star bonuses and any of trends that you may be seeing in the ICD markets as far as recovery, the ortho market and/or baby boomers as they're possibly coming into MA using more care because the Medicare benefit is richer, what is sort of your views on the trend in pricing environment and how is that impacting your forward projection? I was a little surprised at how weak the PPD came in, given last year trend is well recognized to be fairly low in MA?
James E. Murray: Well, again, we continue to use the same actuarial methodology and we use it consistently in terms of our reserving. The prior period development is gross. So we -- it is kind of what it is. But if you think about using the same methodology as you go forward, the first thing that produces prior period development is -- favorable prior period development is lowering of trend. And so once that, that's occurred and gotten to a more stable place than it was before, like we had said before between 4 and 5 then we said to the lower end of that range. Once it gets there, then you'd expect favorable development to recede. And in fact, favorable development in '11 was less than '10. So again, we don't -- we would say, to reemphasize, we use the same actuarially sound consistent methodology in reserving and we would expect then that as trends settle in at these lower levels that they have, that favorable development would be less in subsequent period but never disappear.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then to the thesis that some of the device investors have around the ICD market recovering potentially, the ortho market also picking up, are you seeing anything just in terms of utilization on a same-store basis or in terms of mix shift from the new baby boomers? Your data on membership or in general for the industry, given a large bolus of membership is coming in from the baby boomers, did not really reflect that well on Part D or Medicare. And I was wondering whether you thought about that?
James H. Bloem: We've not heard of anything that makes it really that perceptible. Obviously, the government continues to work on the pricing of devices and what their costs are, but we don't -- we haven't seen anything that would be meaningful to the kind of discussion we're having here today about the Retail Segment, for example, that, that would be any material part of.
Michael B. McCallister: Now I'll repeat what we've been saying for several years. We have a range out there of Medicare cost trends that take into account all these things you're asking about, and that range hasn't moved much. And we did talk about last year how we were coming in at the lower end of that, but we never really got out of it. So we see this whole business as relatively no drama when it comes to these sort of things. And it's been pretty predictable. We're big enough now that we have run rate scale here. And as we look at new members versus old members versus baby boomers versus non, we can clearly segment those and see different levels of spending and that sort of thing. But at the end of the day, this is a relatively predictable business with a population that is not quite as exposed to the economic changes out there as others although there's probably some pressure on them for some of their out-of-pocket spending. So it's one of the great things about this business is that these folks use a lot health care. They're in the system and once you get enough scale to where you can look at these people on a broad-based population basis, there isn't a lot of drum and that's the way I would describe it. There's not much drama here.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, we've talked for months and quarters and years about, a 4% to 5% secular trend, and our actuaries continue to tell us that that's about where we're going to see secular trend. And then we do all of the good work that we do to try to reduce that through our 15 Percent Solution. And the other point that I would draw out is that there's risk adjustment that goes on for all these populations that you're talking about it, so to the extent that any of those populations may be younger, and in theory healthier, the revenue that we get is risk adjusted. And so I think we see a lot of stability in a lot of the numbers that we're seeing from a Humana perspective.
Michael B. McCallister: We've said for quite a while the risk adjustment process is pretty good, and we think it's appropriate to do it that way. And so when you tie all that together, I mean in the simplest terms, your expenses should predictably follow your revenues if the risk adjustment is done properly and we think by and large, it is.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg with Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just want to come back to the unfavorable reserve development again in the Employer Segment. Is it correct to say if you didn't have these technical changes, the reserve development would have basically been 0 or is it -- is that inappropriate and in fact if you didn't have the technical adjustments, it would've been -- the trend would've been more like what you saw in the Retail side, down a little bit year-to-year but not 0?
James H. Bloem: Yes, the latter.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess at this point what's your sort of expectations for share repurchase at this point, sort of any guidance there evenly spread out over the course of the year or do you, at this point, is that sort of on hold?
James H. Bloem: We don't make any predictions or we don't include in our forecast any accretion due to share repurchase. But again, if you look at the last one, you can see that we were sort of running ratably. But again, we don't make any comment or anything about when we might do that. But you look at what we've done, it's generally been moving along. We had 50% of the time was gone, we did 55% of the buys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question. Just can you share with us what the Group Medicare pretax margin was in the first quarter including and excluding the reserve development, and then just give us an update on what you're now expecting for Group Medicare margin for the full year?
James H. Bloem: Actually, we look at our all our Medicare business in one look per segment, and so we don't generally break those out. The Group Medicare portion of the Group business is a substantial portion. And we do give a group, an employer group benefit ratio. And as you know, we didn't change that. So again, I think that we're looking for things to continue to move along subject to what I said about the earnings pattern.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, I think in prior calls, you've talked about the employer -- the Group Medicare expecting sort of a bit below that average or -- I'm sorry, actually a bit above that average level. Is that, at this point, I guess, would you think it's more tracking sort of in line with that average level including the negative to reserve out?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. I think what we've said in the past is it runs slightly below the individual margin, and we've talked about a 5% margin target in the individual space.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, then just a follow-up, just on the Arcadian transaction and just your update that you expected to be around $0.05 dilutive. First question, just -- is there any affect in that $0.05 dilution from the DOJ final requirements in the settlement there that maybe made that a bit more dilutive this year? And then just philosophically, generally we haven't seen Humana doing many deals where there's upfront dilution. It typically tends to be maybe more neutral initially. Was there anything sort of different about Arcadian that drives to be a bit much more dilutive, or is there a change philosophically in how you think about sort of year 1 accretion dilution on deals?
James H. Bloem: No, there's no change in how we think about it and your question really suggests the answer. The Department of Justice is a factor in the dilution. We had a couple of million dollars and it shows on the slide of costs with respect to Arcadian and then we closed it on the last day of the quarter. So those are transaction costs, just to be explicit about them. And then we have some divestiture responsibilities that we have to do and we know that -- we're assuming that, that there will be some costs associated with that. We won't break that out. But then we're in the position, basically, where we're looking at moving the remaining 50,000 people that will be here next year onto our platform on January 1. And again, the kind of expenses we're talked about for that integration costs are basically all in the admin area. We're very satisfied with the underwriting margin and the MLRs. We think that, that we're in good shape there in terms of the acquisition and so -- and we try very hard not to be dilutive at the beginning. But there is tremendous advantage to us, to get these on our platforms as soon as possible. The problem is we can only do it once year. So the earlier we do it in a year, the more we have to carry the costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just want to follow-up on the question Chris asked a minute ago on the Employer Group unfavorable prior period development, if I understood your answer correctly you're saying that's a net number and that there would've been a positive prior period development number from trend and then negative offset from these technical factors. Is that correct? And if so, could you break out the positive and negative?
James H. Bloem: Actually, what we said is we explained the 30 negative just to bring it back to 0. If we look at the prior year at 41, the prior year at 41 favorable development is an extremely high number because of the very low trend at the end of '10. So when we look at these, basically it really pays us to take a look at what's in the 30. And so that's why we sort of broke that out for you. We're very confident. Again, when you take leap day into account and you take the rest of it together that we have a very good business in the Employer Group this year.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, Jim, but if...
James H. Bloem: Although pretax didnt show it.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: If the technical factors in the 30 had not been there, then that PPD line would have been 0? Is that the way to interpret that?
James H. Bloem: Again, directionally, that's correct. That's what we were trying to show you, that, that 30 is a nontrend, nonrun kind of thing that basically came out of the 5010 that one group change benefit design.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, shifting to membership. I think relative to prior guidance, the commercial fully insured and commercial ASO membership expectations moved a little bit and I think moved in opposite directions. Were there trade-offs between the 2, or were there other reasons for the membership change, expectations change?
James H. Bloem: I think the basic reason is, is we continue to look as the year -- in the first quarter, especially, when we see what comes in and what's still out there Large Group, Small Group, there were sort of a little bit -- about half of the difference of the 30,000 in the fully insured that you saw -- again, with several going up, we're just not going to go up as much. That was about equally split between those 2. And in the ASO business, we basically have said we're very disciplined about the fees that we require for ASOs. So again, looking at that, we made that adjustment.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'd like to explore a little bit more about the 2.5 day decline in days claims payable tied to capitation. The last time you guys disclosed how much your membership was in capitated arrangements was back in 2010, and at that point in time it was about 3%. And if I count all the risk-sharing stuff, it'd be like 22% into that number. So how do you reconcile those 2 numbers versus the 13.1% and the 14.5% that you gave on the call today? And then why wouldn't you have 2.5 day drop not create more sort of prior period favorable reserve development because that is, in fact, your reserve coming down, right?
James H. Bloem: Well, capitation is not included in days in claims payable. So that's one of the reasons it gets excluded. So when you look at that number, basically I'd said that days in claims payable wouldn't have fallen, but for the increase in capitation. So if you look out what that we mentioned and Jim was quite explicit about the HMO growth this year, that was probably about half of it. And then we also made settlements with capitated providers, maybe a little bit more that we normally do in the first quarter because again the year was over.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And so can you talk about the size of those settlements in terms of what exactly happened there?
James H. Bloem: Well, half -- again, trying to keep it into days, half of that 2.5 days was the increase in the HMO and then the capitation that I mentioned where we went from 13.1% to 14.5% of our membership. Peter, I'm not tracking with your other number from before because these would be higher numbers. Generally, we were in single digits before. We used to have a little cap table that we put in the release, but then cap got to be so small we took it out. Maybe we need to think about putting it back. But the idea is we've now crept up to just around -- just to the low teens now from a high single digits its normal capitation.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. It was actually low single digits back at the end of 2010. It was 3% if I just take the pure capitated component.
James H. Bloem: Yes, and that's what Jim said. If you go back and look at those years, the increase that we've had in our HMO population, that's really where our membership has come from. Weve continued to migrate people there and weve continued to offer them plans there.
Regina Nethery: Peter, it's Regina. Are the low single-digit numbers that you're talking about, is that total medical membership, correct?
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's just Medicare Advantage.
Regina Nethery: Oh, okay. That doesn't sound...
James H. Bloem: That seems to low, Peter.
Regina Nethery: That's too low.
James H. Bloem: I would have said that we have 25% to 30% of our membership in capitated arrangements.
Regina Nethery: Yes.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That would be if you counted all the risk-sharing stuff that you used to break out 3 categories.
Regina Nethery: No, I understand...
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: The capitated HMO hospital, the capitated HMO physician group and the risk sharing. And if you count the risk sharing, you'd be up in the sort of the 20% range, but then you have come down from that number to get to your 13.1 for last year, or otherwise, you went up from the 3% depending on which number the 13.1 correlates to and I'm just trying to understand why you didn't either see this happen last year or see a bigger difference last year and now we're seeing it all show up this year for what seems like a relatively small change compared to what must have happened in 2011.
Regina Nethery: Peter, it's Regina. We don't have the previous disclosure in the room with us right now. So what I would suggest is I'll give you a call back and we'll talk through that. But I don't anticipate anything because we're just not tracking with what you're showing as the previous numbers. So I'll call you back after the call and we'll walk through it.
James H. Bloem: At least for the record, collectively, our recollections are on the same here, but when we look -- as we're looking at each other, again, high single digits now to the low teens.
Bruce D. Broussard: And the comment about why we would pay a larger amount to a provider is because the providers had a very good year and if you look at our 2011 results, that would comport, so the liability that would have gotten established at the end of 2011 got paid in the first quarter and so that's probably why it's bigger than what you're used to before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald with Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In the Employer Segment guidance, you did $120 million in earnings in the first quarter. The low end of the guidance is $125 million. Is that all seasonality? I ask only because there's certainly been seasonality in prior years. It just doesn't seem to be nearly that large.
James H. Bloem: A lot of it is, and that's correct. Again, we were continuing to look at that because again -- but again, the first quarter was weighted down as we've talked about. But generally speaking, if you look at the years -- and that's another thing. You can really do is when you go back and look at what we were forecasting last year at this time, the same kind of thing. Again, looking to where we ended up, most of the earnings were in the first half of the year and most of them were in the first quarter.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think Jim talked earlier that there is an expectation that trend levels will return to normal levels, and we'll see how that plays itself out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson with Morgan Stanley.
Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just, and I apologize if I missed these 2, but just on the MA individual PMPMs being down year-over-year, as calculated in the quarter, I think you said that it was partly the membership addition of Arcadian. If we were to look at that on more of an apples-to-apples sort of day-weighted membership number, what would that number have looked like?
James H. Bloem: If it was day-weighted, it would have been very small because it was acquired on the last day. But your question, in fact, points out at how we actually do it, which is we take the average for the month. We do a monthly calculation. So that means it was there on the last day but it got no premium, but it was the yield was in there -- or the lower thing, and again, no premium but it was only there one day.
Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and we could do the math just to make sure we're in the ballpark. If we were to pull that out, where would that settle out? Would they be more flat year-over-year, or would they be up or would they still be down?
James H. Bloem: That was probably -- I think it's down $25 and I think that's about 1/2 of it.
Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's about 1/2 of it, okay. And then just to make sure I'm understanding correctly the $0.06 of rebate accruals, the reversal for the 2011 minimum MLR rebates that you walked through in Slide 20, I'm just a little bit confused. So understand the reversal. But just trying to understand exactly what drove the reversal. I think you said earlier it wasn't a rule change and it related to sort of how markets ran out. So I mean does that basically mean that some markets in late December you saw a little bit of a lift in trend. So you reversed that accrual, sort of ate into the buffer? Is that the right way to think about that?
James H. Bloem: Actually, the way the process actually works is these end up in your statutory filings, which are filed on March 1. So as you're cruising toward the end of the year, you have estimates in all the different places, where it's running it and then when it doesn't quite hit those, then you're making adjustment like we described.
Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so...
James H. Bloem: So because you watch it run out, you see what happened and then you say that's what's nice about the March 1 filing. You can see where that ends up going to as opposed to when you're making the accrual in the fourth quarter, you don't have all that information. So it's just a refinement of estimate by state.
Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and how does that -- the way that played out, how does that influence your thinking about trend and utilization on the commercial side looking into 2012?
James H. Bloem: I don't think it says very much, again because I referred to it as a refinement of estimate. And everything we've told you today about unfavorable development and all the other things have to do with the sort of the onetime change. And so you would expect that an estimate that you made before you saw all of the 45 buckets that it would go into, there would be some disparity there.
Michael B. McCallister: With all the dozens of statutory filings and all that, it would be a mistake to make broad-based trend implications from this particular metric.
Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay, and then that's helpful. And then just one, on the $40 million that you laid out on the, I think it's on slide, I believe, it's Slide 20, where you talked about the leap-year impact hurting first quarter. But then for the full year there's a 0 in that column and I might be reading too much into that slide, but is that -- does it reverse later in the year somehow that I'm not appreciating, or is it just sort of baked into the other lines on that slide?
James H. Bloem: Actually, how it works is the expense of leap-day occurs in the first quarter. So all the expense associated with it lands in the first quarter. But the premium, the actuaries didn't forget that it was leap year, that premium is collected 1/12. So you get -- you sort of get it back or you get compensated for it as it was reflected in your pricing over 12 months.
Douglas Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so over the course of the year, it should have a 0 impact.
James H. Bloem: And that's why we don't show it -- we show in the fourth quarter. It goes away because we're going to collect all the premium associated with it, but we had all of these expense in the first quarter.
Operator: Last question comes from the line of Tom Carroll with Stifel.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a quick one here. Your Prescription Drug business is materially larger this year, and I think you mentioned that. But did the PDP MLR show any deterioration year-over-year or was it about the same?
James H. Bloem: We don't break out the MLRs again in the Medicare business. But again, we have an overall 5% margin that we're shooting for at the beginning of the year as we are now. So when we look at we've got a lot more PDP members this year, number one, and we're not -- all we can say is we're very comfortable with our 5% margin for the year with respect to PDP. So...
Bruce D. Broussard: And Mike talked about the strategy of growing our Medicare members, both PDP and MA. A side benefit of that is the ability to utilize some of our ancillary businesses and you spotted one that is an extremely important part of that whole equation.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Understood, but maybe directionally can you help us out a little bit? I'm trying to see what the impact was here. I mean you got bigger in a business that's more unfavorably seasonal at the beginning of the year. If your MLR got a little bit worse, maybe that's a way to think about it. On the back half of the year, maybe it gets that much better towards third and fourth quarter. So maybe a directional comment, if you can?
James H. Bloem: Well, there's more of them to get better at the end of the year. So that's part of the thing. And then -- so at the beginning of the year, the converse is true.
Michael B. McCallister: We don't anticipate anything unusual happening in PDP this year on this. It's not much different.
Operator: At this time, there are no audio questions.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay, thank you for joining us this morning. We think this was a very good quarter. We did beat our guidance and raised for the year, and we have faith in where we're going in the future with our strategy and as businesses develop. I want to thank you for joining us. I want to take thank all the Humana associates who are on the phone call this morning for the great work that made this quarter possible. And with that, we'll see you in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery -  Michael B. McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Bruce D. Broussard - President James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher M. Todoroff - Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to our host, Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Thank you. Good morning. In a moment, our senior management team will briefly discuss highlights from our fourth quarter 2011 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook for 2012.  Participating in today's prepared remarks will be Mike McCallister, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Bruce Broussard, Humana's President; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike, Bruce and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's earnings press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana announced fourth quarter earnings of $1.20 per share compared to $0.63 per share in the year ago quarter. For full year 2011, the company reported earnings per share of $8.46 compared to $6.47 in 2010. These favorable results reflect the strength in key areas of strategic focus, including additional Medicare membership growth, as well as unusually low commercial medical cost trends industry-wide.  Our operational discipline also led to further progress on our 15 Percent Solution and continued focus on prudent administrative spending. For the fourth quarter, the year-over-year increase of $0.57 per share was primarily due to expenses incurred in the fourth quarter of 2010 that did not recur in the fourth quarter of 2011, together with higher favorable medical claims reserves development in 4Q '11 than in 4Q '10.  For the full year, the earnings improvement was primarily attributable to a lower year-over-year benefit ratio in the company's Retail segment, higher average Medicare membership and higher earnings in the company's Health and Well-Being Services segment. Along with the cost reductions in Medicare I just noted, Humana 2011 achieved appreciable progress on quality in our Medicare Advantage plans. Updated Star ratings issued by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services indicated that 98% of Humana's Medicare members are now in plans that will qualify for quality bonus payments in 2013.  We also announced our intent to acquire 2 Medicare HMOs, Arcadian and MD Care, the latter of which closed in late 2011. These increased our provider network strength in several areas of the country and enabled us to enter new geographies, particularly in California. This progress bodes well not just for the company, it has a potentially significant societal benefit. Faced with a $20 trillion unfunded liability over the next 2 generations, the Medicare program must deepen its partnership with the private sector if America has any hope of reining in its Medicare spending.  While traditional Medicare focus is primarily on the payment of claims rather than on beneficiaries' health and well-being, Medicare Advantage plans have proven their ability to reduce cost while improving health outcomes for plan participants. Not insignificantly, as you've heard me say many times, such plans are also extremely popular among seniors. Seniors like the care coordination, the personal attention, the variety of choices and the provider accountability inherent in Medicare Advantage offerings. In Humana's case, very few of our Medicare Advantage members ever choose to return to traditional Medicare, in part because we continue to pass along higher-than-expected earnings back to them in the form of improved benefits.  Turning to Medicare for 2012, during last fall's Annual Election Period, our net Medicare Advantage membership growth was slightly higher than anticipated, as we previously announced. We are, therefore, projecting full year 2012 net individual membership growth in the range of 185,000 to 195,000 compared to the 145,000 to 155,000 forecast that we shared with you in our third quarter call. This, together with our expectations for growth of 65,000 to 75,000 members in our Group Medicare, brings our total expectations for Medicare Advantage growth to over 13% for 2012.  Our standalone Medicare Prescription Drug Plans also experienced a successful Annual Election Period. We continue to anticipate full year 2012 net membership growth within our predicted range of 500,000 to 600,000. This is another robust increase on top of the net new PDP membership growth of more than 870,000 for 2011. In both years, the principal growth driver was our innovative co-branded offering with Walmart, which has the lowest monthly premium of any nationwide PDP offering. It also has one price and one benefit structure across the country, the first PDP offering in history with that strong competitive advantage.  Among other things, this makes the plan easy to understand, a key element for retail consumers, especially in the PDP environment, where the number of plan choices runs into the hundreds. Membership increases in both Medicare Advantage and PDP were helped by our strategy of designing 2012 premiums and benefits with higher retention in mind. By minimizing change and emphasizing stability, we forecast improved member loyalty, which proved out. Beyond its immediate advantages to Humana, higher retention also helps us over the long term and our ability to increase lifetime customer value through members' exposure to a wide variety of Humana products and services.  We've also been pleased by the ongoing conversion of Humana PDP members to our Medicare Advantage plans. Since the inception of PDP in January 2006, more than 300,000 Humana PDP members have converted to Medicare Advantage, accounting for approximately 15% of our current Medicare Advantage book of business. Among significant potential growth opportunities on the horizon is the transition of up to 9 million dual-eligible Medicare and Medicaid individuals in the managed care plans. With the proven strength of our Medicare Advantage value proposition, combined with favorable demographics as the senior population grows, we're well positioned to take advantage of this opportunity.  While Medicaid is not a traditional focus for Humana, we recognized that the landscape was changing and have been analyzing and evaluating Medicaid opportunities over the past 6 months. The result is a state-by-state strategy that offers us a number of ways to participate in this space, bearing in mind that some important aspects of the transition, such as the exact nature of the federal-state plan relationship, remain to be decided.  Having completed 2011, our 50th year, with record earnings, revenues and health plan membership, we look forward eagerly to continuing our transformation from a product-focused health benefits company to a customer-focused healthcare company. In parallel with this evolution is our dedication as an enterprise to helping people achieve lifelong well-being. Executing on this transformation has required us to rethink the business of healthcare. In so doing, we've identified 7 imperatives for success with seniors and working-age consumers that characterize the emerging Humana that are in concert, we believe, with the evolving needs of the people and institutions, including the government, that make up healthcare.  First, extend our comprehensive approach to lifelong well-being to engage consumers, inspire associates and supply a platform for future growth. Humana's strategy involves the vertical integration of 3 areas of focus: our core business, Medicare, Commercial and Military; businesses close to the core, including our Concentra network, comprising several hundred health centers and work-site clinics nationwide; and emerging adjacencies in such areas as integrated wellness, telemedicine, home care and quality and analytics capabilities.  Second, enhance our innovative technology-driven, results-based approaches using rewards and incentives to foster positive behavior change. Partnering with Discovery Holdings Ltd. in South Africa, the world leader in the field, we successfully launched HumanaVitality last year, a science-based, actuary-driven wellness and loyalty program that features a wide range of well-being tools and rewards that are customized to an individual's needs and wants.  Third, engage providers for productivity and efficiency. We are dedicated to supporting physician decision-making with actionable data in realtime, resulting in improved outcomes and efficiencies, including innovative medical home and accountable care collaborations that are already yielding promising results.  Fourth, analyze data in ways that translate directly to better health outcomes. Humana completed a key acquisition last year that we believe will solidify our leadership in a future-oriented arena. Anvita Health's powerful rules engine provides analytic solutions that produce clinical insights leading to higher quality and lower cost, particularly for Medicare members, and will become an important enabler of our 15 Percent Solution.  Fifth, expand our pharmacy capabilities as a model of cross-selling that produces lifetime customer value. Humana's growing pharmacy group is a model of how we're transforming from a product-centric to a customer-centric enterprise. We intend to redefine the relationship between a pharmacy provider and its customers by becoming the preeminent source of pharmacy solutions that help people achieve lifelong well-being.  Sixth, create people-centered partnerships to reach new consumers and advance Humana's brand. As one example among many, our multifaceted alliance with Reader's Digest begun last spring has so far produced a co-branded Medicare supplement product, as well as a guide for seniors on Medicare decision-making.  Seventh, commit to being a leader in corporate social responsibility to further enhance the company's reputation and attract world-class talent. Humana's Healthy People, Healthy Planet and Healthy Performance CSR platform is the first in our industry to be measured by global responsibility index international standards.  Taken together, these 7 imperatives reinforce Humana's strategy and chart our pathway to the future. Helping lead us there is Bruce Broussard, elected President of Humana on December 1. At that time, he joined Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Jim Murray, and me in the newly created Office of the Chairman. Bruce will serve in that role until, in accordance with the transition plan we announced last fall, he succeeds me as CEO upon my retirement from that position. Bruce brings to Humana significant CEO experience in the healthcare industry, along with superb operational and financial leadership skills. His career has included executive leadership experience in a variety of healthcare sectors, including oncology, pharmaceuticals, assisted-living senior housing, home care, physician practice management, surgical centers and dental networks. You'll be seeing a lot of Bruce in the coming months and years.  For today, I'd like to give him an opportunity now to introduce himself and comment briefly.
Bruce D. Broussard: Thank you, Mike. I feel privileged to be part of such a great organization with a distinguished past and a bright future. Since joining Humana in early December, I made a point of learning deeply, comprehensively and quickly. Jim Murray has served as an invaluable guide as I've gotten to know key functions and leaders at headquarters, along with strategic markets and facilities on the road.  In Louisville, Ive spent an intensive and productive time with the clinical guidance and provider relations group, with their service operations and information technology team and with our marketing and innovation functions, among others. I've also spent time in the Louisville service center, where I observed the nuts and bolts of Humana's perfect service initiative, listening to de-identified customer conversations with our service reps.  What Humana has done here is truly impressive. On the road, I had close-up views of our Concentra operations in Dallas; RightSource in Phoenix; our care plus operations in Miramar, Florida; Humana Cares in Tampa; HumanaVitality in Chicago; and our market and service operations in Green Bay.  The growth implications of our well-being strategy is becoming clearer all the time. I see big opportunities ahead for Humana, which widens the provider space. Given my background, this is a place where I can, perhaps, have an immediate impact. In any event, I look forward to helping the leadership team implement the 7 imperatives Mike just described and to making a significant long-term contribution to Humana's growth and success.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jim Bloem for a detailed analysis of our financial results.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. Looking first at the full year for 2011, we were pleased with our earnings of $8.46 per share. As indicated on the slide, there were 2 fourth quarter factors that drove the overall improvement of $0.08 per share over the midpoint of our previous full year 2011 earnings guidance. As you'll recall, neither of these was included in our previous guidance last October. First, approximately $54 million or $0.21 per share of prior year medical claims reserve development was the most significant factor for our fourth quarter and full year improved performance over previous guidance. Second, based on Humana's record full year net income performance, we made a contribution of $35 million or $0.13 per share to The Humana Foundation. The Foundation's philanthropic activities continue to be an important part of the company's mission, and we were pleased to be able to make this contribution to its efforts. Moving on to 2012, we've raised our full year earnings guidance range by $0.10 per share at the midpoint to reflect the anticipated favorable impact of 40,000 higher-than-expected Retail Medicare Advantage membership. Apart from this increase, the other items of guidance remain at or near the same amounts given with our third quarter release. Turning next to our expected 2012 quarterly earnings pattern, this slide shows the timing of the major items that we expect to impact our earnings from quarter to quarter. These items include the annually discussed seasonality factors, such as, for example, the quarterly effects of our PDP benefit designs, which exert downward pressure on the Retail segment medical benefit ratio as the year progresses, as well as the countervailing progressive quarterly increase in the Employer Group medical benefit ratio as fully insured members progress through their annual deductibles and maximum out-of-pocket expenses. Most of you are familiar with the 4 quarterly impacts shown on the slide. Just as a reminder, there is one significant item for 2012 noted on this slide and it relates to the accounting for the new TRICARE South Region contract effective April 1, 2012. As mentioned in last quarter's call, in the second quarter, we will begin to account for the new TRICARE contract on a net revenue basis, which is a change from the past gross revenue basis. Other than that, we do not anticipate any significant 2012 differences from our 2011 quarterly earnings pattern. Accordingly, our first quarter 2012 earnings guidance range of $1.35 to $1.45 per share is consistent with our initial view of the first quarter's relative contribution to our expected full year results for each of the last 3 years that we made it this time of the year. Finally, now that the 2011 full year results are complete and the 2012 budgets have been finalized, let's take a refreshed look at our consolidated operating cost ratio changes over the past 2 years and compare them to the midpoint of our expected 2012 consolidated operating cost ratio guidance range. As we discussed in last quarter's call, the continued successful implementation of our corporate strategy has had an effect on the multiyear comparability of our consolidated operating cost ratio, which the slide outlines. Here are the details. First, with respect to our Health and Well-Being Services segment, our 2011 consolidated operating cost ratio increased by 180 basis points over 2010 primarily as a result of the addition of Concentra, which was acquired in late December 2010. In 2012, we expect a continued expansion of Concentra's urgent care and primary care physician strategies will add an additional 20 points to the consolidated ratio. Second, with respect to the Retail and Employer Group segments, we lowered our 2011 consolidated operating cost ratio by 20 basis points over 2010, primarily due to the growth in the Retail segment, and now expect a further reduction of 160 basis points in 2012 as a result of increased scale, as well as the continued cost control by our administrative cost committee.  Third, as noted on the slide, the net revenue accounting impact of the new TRICARE South Region contract I described a few minutes ago will increase the expected 2012 full year ratio by 110 basis points. It's important to note these year-over-year shifts in the mix of our administrative expenses because they demonstrate significant progress toward our goal of lowering the operating cost ratios of our core Retail and Employer Group segments as we approach 2014. So to conclude our formal remarks, we're pleased with our operational and financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2011. The increase in our 2012 full year guidance range to $7.50 to $7.70 per share reflects our organizational competence and confidence, as well as our disciplined and intentional approach to the current operating environment.  With that, we'll open the phone lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Justin Lake, UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question on the Employer Group cost trend. I was wondering if you can just walk us through what you saw there in the fourth quarter. It looked like the year-over-year was up a bit, and then you took up the guidance, I believe, by 50 basis points in the Employer Group for MLR. If you can just walk us through those components, it'd be helpful.
James H. Bloem: Yes, in the Employer Group segment, Justin, the main difference is the Group Medicare and how Group Medicare turned out versus what we thought originally in October. And so that's the main reason that's driving it. And if you look at the components of trend on the Commercial side, there's no change, really, that we noticed. We continue to look very carefully, and we look very quickly. We're always looking at that. We're continuing to use our pricing assumptions that we described in the third quarter call and feel very good about Commercial trend being as we discussed earlier. So the only real difference and the reason we raised the benefit ratio was, in fact, the fact that we have more Group Medicare members than we originally anticipated.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. And just second question, Mike, you talked a little bit about the dual-eligible opportunity and some of the strategic thoughts you've had over the last 6 months. Just curious if you can give us any more color there on what you think the options are and what you've been thinking about over those last 6 months.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, I'll start by just saying it's going to be a state-by-state approach. Jim, do you want to walk through the map and the states?
James E. Murray: Sure. Lots of evaluation over the last several months, trying to figure out initially whether or not the feds or the states would take the procurement lead now, believing that that will likely happen in the state. There's also some language that we're trying to get our heads around in terms of the number of duals that would ultimately be affected by all of this. We studied all the states that mean anything to us, which would be about 26 states that really matter. The good news is that in 13 of those states, the state procurement rules appear to suggest that the procurement, for our purposes, would be either the duals individually or the duals in combination with long-term care, which is an area that we're pretty interested in as well because of the assets that we have in SeniorBridge and Humana Cares. Five states, it's difficult to tell which way they're going, which would leave 8 states that will want to partner with an individual company or companies. We're in the process of working through the relationships and contractual obligations of all that, and sometime in the next several weeks or months, we can give you some visibility on all of that, but we feel very excited about not only the protecting of our current dual membership but also the opportunity to participate in the 9 million duals that Mike referenced in his opening remarks.
Michael B. McCallister: As we mentioned earlier in previous calls and conversations, we have about 0.25 million of these dual eligibles already, so we have a great deal of experience with them. So in terms of understanding that book of business, how to manage it and how to make it effective for both the individuals and for us, I don't think anybody out there is going to have a better understanding how to go about doing that. Our challenge is just getting into the distribution chain here and becoming part of these contractual relationships.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And you think you can do that without M&A?
Michael B. McCallister: Yes. We'll have more to say in just a few weeks. We have a number of things going with some of these partners. So it'll be clearer over time as to exactly how we're going to do this, but I would just leave it with you this morning is that we have a well-mapped out approach to doing it, and we intend to be a major player in the duals.
James E. Murray: And I probably wasn't clear but the partnership would be necessary for those states where the TANF and dual procurement rules are going to be combined, and we want that partner to be responsible for the TANF population.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First question just on the overall, sort of taking a step back on the Medicare Advantage landscape. We've seen some pretty strong growth recently. We're up to, call it, almost 13.5 million lives now. I guess historically, Mike, you've talked about really competing with the government, the fee-for-service market and this 15 Percent Solution. Are we getting to the point where the competitors are starting to matter? Are there specific markets? I mean, obviously, South Florida, but any of your other markets that are popping up as becoming a little bit more difficult from a competitive standpoint?
Michael B. McCallister: Not really. I mean, our key to success has been to go nationwide as fast as we could over the last 5 years, and there's really only a couple of companies that have that kind of a footprint. So one thing that helps us in particular is we're in a lot of places where there's not a lot of competition because they don't have the capacity to go there. We talked about it for a long time. We started doing networking in Medicare in 2005, preparing for sort of where we are today. So, I mean, there are spots where they're more competitive than others. You mentioned South Florida. We have dozens of competitors down there, but we continue to grow there and do quite well. So at some point, your question will be very appropriate because there's going to be -- were going to start taking share from each other at some point as we all get bigger and bigger. But right now, the opportunity to grow is very significant without having to worry about taking somebody else's customer.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's great. And then hopefully, it's a fair question for Bruce, but on the 7 imperatives, I think, Bruce, you mentioned you thought you could make an immediate impact on the provider side of the company's growth. I'm just curious, maybe you could put a little bit more color around that. Is that sort of Concentra-like type of growth, or are there other things you had in mind?
Bruce D. Broussard: No, I think in the immediate future, it'd be helping with the Concentra opportunities that are there along with the physician -- primary care.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte of Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just wanted to explore your Medicare margins for the quarter and then get some color on what that might look like for 2012. The first question is on your PMPM for Medicare. It looked like it was sequentially down. Is this typical in terms of some sort of seasonality? Were you expecting this?
James H. Bloem: Well, we continue to add members, and again, just looking at things in the way there, we don't see anything out of the unusual there. We did close the MD Care on the last workday of the year, on Friday, the 30th of December, and those are in those numbers as well.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Then on the Retail side, so you mentioned that your employer-based Medicare trend came in higher, but there's been a lot of data, third-party data and even in the media that the Retail trend, Part D trend is fairly low. Can you comment on the drivers of that, where you bid in June relative to what trend is at right now, was your expectation higher? And then just following up on the drivers, to what extent do you think this is sustainable because of what you're doing relative to fixed-income seniors possibly pushing back on using care or docs temporarily being less over treating or whatever?
James H. Bloem: Ana, we're not really seeing any real differences than what we've outlined over the last 90 days about either the Medicare trends, either in the Group or in the regular, the individual business and again, we're not seeing any real changes in the utilization as a component of trend.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So for you, right now, I mean, so third-party data on S&P is clearly showing Medicare trend has been weakening, and so you're saying you're not seeing that all?
James E. Murray: So this is Jim Murray. The last data that is available is the 2010 Medicare fee-for-service file. And as you might expect, a lot of our folks, our actuaries are ripping through that data. And from what they're telling us, they're seeing that the trends are around 4% in 2010, which is pretty similar to what we've been saying for a number of years in terms of where the Medicare fee-for-service trends ultimately restate to. I think in the past investor calls and even in some of these earnings updates, we share with you all the restated prior years to demonstrate that somewhere between 4% and 6% is the historical Medicare fee-for-service trend, and so the last data point that we have would suggest that 4% is the most solid number out there. I don't have any visibility in 2011 or '12, obviously. So we assume that will play out similar to what we've been saying all along.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then your 750, you do not include prior year development. Any reason to expect that you would see less or more in 2012?
James H. Bloem: Yes, you're correct. We do not anticipate in our guidance any favorable development. But again, we continue to use consistent methods and all the actuarial principles to compute the reserve each period. So we then we'll see what turns out in terms of how things would restate. But again, we're not seeing a lot of difference, as I started with.
Michael B. McCallister: Let me clarify Jim's statement. We have a lot of clarity into our own cost trends in 2011. As we've been telling you all throughout the year, we've been at the lower end of our 4% to 6% historical range. So sure, there's been some softening of Medicare trend, but it's still within the ranges we've been talking about for a long time.
James E. Murray: Yes, my remarks were totally towards Medicare fee-for-service, and it didn't bring into the discussion our success on the 15 Percent Solution, which we've talked about in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question on your Medicare enrollment guidance. It looks like the CMS Medicare enrollment data is currently higher than what your guidance is for the year. Have you talked about that discrepancy?
James H. Bloem: Well, generally speaking, Kevin, the way we keep our own records and the way we watch what we get every day and we get our information from the field, there's a general correlation, obviously, but there's always timing differences with what CMS says. So we always say -- we tend to look at CMS data that everyone sees and says directionally, that's the way our enrollments are moving. But in any given period, they're not exactly directly comparable.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So you're seeing something different than what CMS is doing. You think CMS numbers will catch up to your number eventually.
James H. Bloem: Yes, we have a consistent way of doing our own numbers. And so whenever we give the numbers that we give in earnings press releases and at conferences, that's computed on what we're enrolling and what we're seeing and what sales we're seeing from our sales force and not from CMS.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just a question on Slide 6 of the deck, which is pretty interesting. I mean, how do you view the trajectory of your 15 Percent Solution in 2011, particularly in the 107, 115 books? Is there something structurally there that's making it harder to show continued progress, or is there something that you can point to that, in particular, would have some impact on those markets?
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. The inclusion of new members and kind of the restarting of where we have to go with those new members, one of the things we probably ought to start to think about is showing kind of a same-store so that we can show you the 15 Percent Solution on members that we've had for a period of time. New geographies would impact this to the extent we grow in a market, in our PPO or private fee-for-service business in one location that we haven't been would impact that. And we saw that, and going forward, we probably need to help you with that. But we feel very good about the progress that we're making on the 15 Percent Solution.
Michael B. McCallister: There's 3 key drivers to the 15 Percent Solution at a high level. One is the maturity of a marketplace and how much management there has actually been in a senior population in a community. That's one. Two is how fast and how big we're growing because as we get new members, it takes a while for them to mature, settle into the systems and the processes and for us to do our data analytical work and determine all of that and then lastly, where the providers are in terms of their actual capabilities, and so that varies all across the U.S. So this is something that will always be a piece of work in front of us. There's no endgame here. And the more you grow, the more challenged you are in terms of keeping that 15 Percent Solution going forward. So those are all actually good things, and we're finding great success over time and even in these brand new markets in terms of applying Humana Cares and a number of other clinical approaches to this population. So we're very confident that you can manage care effectively enough across all these places to make the business work, and where you can get really solid management and some history volume, you can really start having some great numbers. So the story is actually very good, but it's always a piece of work that's in front of us.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So if we were to see on that same-store basis, we would see relatively consistent progress across all 4 buckets? Is that...
Michael B. McCallister: That's a good question. We'll try to figure out how to tease out some same-store data going forward to give you a little better insight about the timing of some of this.
James E. Murray: Yes, the other thing that I would point out that you all ought to consider is the growth in membership in network-based products and where we're going with that. You may have noticed in some of the data that we put out that of the 175-or-so-thousand members that we grew in the AEP, 130,000 of those were in HMOs. And if you look at where the HMOs are in that slide, it's very impactful. And so over time, what you're going to hear us begin to talk about more so than the 15 Percent Solution is integrated care delivery models, and that's something that we're really, really focused on as an organization because tightly linked models of care that's enhanced by information and aligned incentives is where the future is, and you can see that on the slide. And so we're really encouraged by the growth of the HMOs this last AEP.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah James of Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on Kevin's question about the enrollment. And I understand that you're calculating it in a different way, but when I look at the seasonality of enrollment growth in past years, it looks like there's about 77% up through February, which captures the selling season, and another 23% through the rest of the year. So I'm wondering if there's any reason to believe that the seasonality of growth would be different because if it keeps that pattern, then it would be about another 75,000 members in the back half of the year.
James H. Bloem: Sarah, again, we use the consistent method that I mentioned before, and we are pleased that that percentage of what I'd call -- what we got in the AEP is higher than last year. And that's very gratifying to us. But again, we use the same kind of methods in terms of how we report from the field, how we enroll people and we're using our own internal data. And then again, directionally, we think that the CMS data is always generally directionally right for us but doesn't necessarily correlate exactly with what we report.
James E. Murray: We had a successful rest of the year or ROY last year, and this is early -- it's January or February. And so we'll see how this year plays out relative to what we did last year. But again, it's very early for us to be more fulsome.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a question here on rates. I'm sure you saw the GAO report that came out recently looking at a different way to calculate some of the coding adjustments. I was wondering if you could comment whether or not you think that those could be incorporated into either preliminary or final rates and just any sort of commentary that you have on that report.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, we read some of that GAO report. And you know that in prior years, there was some amount of an adjustment that was made. It's anybody's guess as to what we might see this coming year in terms of some adjustment for that. There's a lot of dialogue out there that I read from a lot of you in terms of which way CMS might go this year. Regardless of how CMS goes, we feel very comfortable with our 15 Percent Solution and the work that we do to make sure that we get paid the right amount for the risk that we assume. And we feel comfortable with the value propositions that we provide the members in terms of benefits and premiums. And so if there's a coding intensity adjustment, that's a part of this year's rate structure, we'll just deal with that. We feel very good about our ability to manage through all that as we have in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Arnold of Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions here. Can you comment on how profitable new Medicare Advantage membership is relative to the profitability of the overall book? You said it takes a while for the 15 Percent Solution to kick in. But on the other hand, youve gained a lot of HMO members, which I would assume would be more profitable to start with. And then on the PDP, you're gaining a lot of membership. Can you tell us how much of that is low-income seniors? And is there any risk because the risk adjusters there aren't as good as they are for Medicare Advantage, that the low-income senior population you're gaining with PDP could be a challenge?
James E. Murray: So there's a couple of questions in there. A new Medicare Advantage member for us comes in and is initially generally favorable in terms of our results. Over time, as that member, depending upon the kind of network or product configuration they are in and the work that we're doing around the 15 Percent Solution in terms of our results of the company would likely improve not only the 15 Percent Solution but also the risk coding and getting paid the amount for the risk that we assume, so over time, it improves. But when we grow, we don't ever see a situation where we grow and a member that comes in and is new would not be considered favorable for us as an organization. I'll move over to the PDP. We feel very good about the risk profile that we've got last year as an organization around the Walmart plan. I think we've probably got 450-or-so-thousand LIS members, and we feel very good about that membership and look forward to gaining more for the remainder of the year. So in terms of -- the risk scoring of members, we feel, is fairly well calibrated, and so we'd love to take all comers.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then are you still assuming about a 5.5% margin overall for MA? It looks like you didn't change that.
James H. Bloem: It changed by 10 basis points, again, now that we've seen all the enrollments. So yes, we were very close, and now we're at 5.4% as a midpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Windley of Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A kind of a follow-up. In light of all the transactions in the MA space of late that have kind of a brick-and-mortar strategy, I wondered if you had some specific investments or strategies that you could call out around tweaking the Concentra model to be more MA-specific.
Michael B. McCallister: That's something that's going to be taking -- it's going to take a while for that to ultimately play out. I mean, I said in the beginning on Concentra that it was a platform for managing, and they've been out -- we're doing things like relocating some of the facilities into places that lend themselves a little more to Retail sort of customers but not getting too far away from the existing business space and that sort of thing. There's been some acquisitions of some practices and some urgent care centers. So they're getting on with their business of becoming a much bigger player in the urgent care space as well as primary care both in terms of new locations and moving some of the older locations to hit both targets. So that's all well underway, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to do more of that. They are also deeply involved in the strategic approach around how we approach every market and where Concentra is going to play in conjunction with other risk-taking doctor groups and/or other network development activity. So they're now very deeply engaged with the rest of the company in terms of how they play in the strategy, as well as getting on with the business that they had and making it much more amenable to the Retail consumer space. So it's full speed ahead there, and we're going to look for more opportunities to expand that.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the group MA, you raised the guidance a little bit there. I wanted to get clarification. Is that business already in hand or business that you are expecting to close? And I guess I'm just looking for pipeline beyond that guidance raise as to whether we could expect that there might be more within the 2012 year.
James E. Murray: So most of the group business is a January effective date, but there'll likely be some smaller groups that either have more of their retirees become part of our program or where we win. It won't be a significant number. There is a pretty nice pipeline developing in the group space, though, some midyear but mostly with a January effective date that looks pretty interesting to us.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jim, if I could slip in one more on that. Jim, do you believe that you need a partnership with a Commercial player, and are you considering any alternative to the CIGNA deal in light of the HealthSpring transaction?
James E. Murray: We've been pretty successful in the past without having a Commercial player. I think we just recently advised CIGNA that we wanted to term our relationship, but I feel very good about the pipeline and the lack of need for having a Commercial player to go forward with.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to return to the question of the MA rates for 2013, and maybe if you have some thoughts when putting all the pieces together where you think preliminary rates may come in. I know that, Jim Murray, you've been generous in the past to help us think about a bogey, so interested in your thoughts on preliminary rates for 2013.
James E. Murray: Scott, that was shameless. I got yelled at for doing that in the past. It's anybody's guess in terms of what might happen here, but we've read a lot of your reports, and weve studied what we think might happen. And again, I'm going to go back to what I said before because this is what Regina tells me I'm allowed to say. Regardless of how it comes out, I think that we'll be fine. We don't see anything that scares us, the 15 Percent Solution and the work we do around accurate coding and where we see trends heading would suggest that we'll continue to be able to provide the seniors that we serve with very good benefits and very low premiums. Again, I'll say what I say every year, so I'll do it again, I'm a broken record. At the end of the day, these numbers are all over the map. The assumptions have historically proved to be wrong relative to medical inflation, for example, and all these projections out of CMS. So all of that finds its way back into the map over time. And while there's always some short-term noise here, the long-term viability of this program is a simple function of the fact that you have to outperform medical cost trend in the traditional Medicare program to win here. As long as we do that, we win.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I just had a follow-up just on Arcadia, and I know that deal was initially expected to close by the end of 2011. I think it hasn't closed yet. So maybe an update on when you're expecting that to close and how you think they performed during the Medicare annual enrollment period.
Christopher M. Todoroff: This is Chris Todoroff. I think what we can say is we expect that to close first half of this year. We're still in the regulatory approval process.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Then in terms of any color on the AEP for them?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Generally, right around where the membership was that we acquired but nothing significant one way or the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions on the quarter and then one about next year. First, in terms of the share repurchase, it doesn't look like you did get any share repurchases in the fourth quarter. And also, we were expecting to see marketing expense in 4Q 2010 go up because you had a lot of, frankly, earnings, so that you were able to spend a little more. Did you spend a little more in the fourth quarter of 2011 like that in terms of the extra marketing, and can you quantify that for me? And then in terms of going forward, can you describe Medical loss ratio minimums for Medicare and how you think that discussion's going to play out and what do you think that's going to happen in terms of how that's going to be assigned, whether it's going to be assigned by age plan or by state or your overall book?
James H. Bloem: Well, let's start with share repurchase. You're correct. We did not do any share repurchase in the fourth quarter, but we did a lot of share repurchase in the third quarter. And so if you look at the total year of how we deployed capital, we're very pleased with how the year went. We did $350 million of CapEx. We did $225 million of acquisitions that we've closed on, and as mentioned, we have 2 more that we're still working on. And then we initiated a cash dividend last year. So if you look at those 3 first, the first 2, particularly the CapEx and the acquisitions, those obviously raised the value of our company, and that's really what we try to do. Then we were very pleased for the first time last year, as I said, to be able to introduce a cash dividend. And so what's really left over then is the share repurchase. And the share repurchase, the board made an authorization back in April that we would do $1 billion of share repurchase by June 30, 2013. So we're about half done with that, and the time is about a third run. But again, I want you to see it in terms of -- or we'd like you to consider it in terms of the balance of those things, the things that raise the value of a company. We spent about $600 million on those. And if you look at share repurchase and the cash dividend, another $600 million on that. And that's about the amount of the dividend that we took from the sub. So again, we feel very good about share repurchase. I forgot what the next one was.
James E. Murray: The next one was did we spend any more money in the fourth quarter to help our 2012 enrollment, and the answer to that is yes. When the fourth quarter comes around and we have some visibility in terms of where our value proposition is relative to the rest of the competition and we have the ability we've had in the last several years, we feel it's prudent to invest in marketing dollars that drive higher AEP results. And our talking today about an extra 40,000 is a direct correlation to that extra spend, and I think your last question was the minimum medical expense ratio in Medicare. We're doing lots of studying and scenario planning, trying to figure out whether it's going to be on a county basis, on a age contract basis or a state basis and doing lots of calculations, which include the implications of federal taxes on the MERs that exist by each of those different scenarios. And we frankly feel pretty good about what the application of that minimum medical expense ratio might mean for us regardless of the solution or the rules or regulations that might ultimately come out. We feel it's pretty manageable. And again, we await what the regulators will say about the actual application. But regardless of the direction they go, we feel reasonably comfortable that it's very manageable.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just back on the share repurchase, so there was nothing that kept you out of the box from buying shares in the fourth quarter?
James H. Bloem: Well, generally, we don't comment on anything that would keep us out of the box. So again, I would -- but I would like you to think about it in terms of how I said in terms of a balanced approach to capital deployment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I apologize if this was somehow covered before. But what are you guys expecting in terms of utilization volume growth for 2012 on the Medicare and Commercial side, a continuation of roughly what you saw in '10 and '11 or an increase?
Michael B. McCallister: Basically a continuation. On the Medicare side, we feel, again, there's a lot of consistency year-over-year in terms of that utilization and that trend.
James E. Murray: On the Commercial side, though, I think we've guided to that it might revert back to the 2009 norms, and time will tell -- or somewhere between what we experienced the past year and 2009. Time will tell whether that's a good assumption. And that's part of the reason for the change between this year's actual results and the guidance that we put out there, and we've shared that with you before.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, in the last quarter, we said wed go 50% of the way of what we did last year.
James E. Murray: Correct.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you comment on the pricing side on the Commercial business? As you've come into the new year and finished, obviously, a lot of renewals for 2012, how you see the price competition shaping up in various segments of Commercial?
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. I think Jim walked you through last quarter that 5% was our claims trend, anticipating it going to 6% to 6.5% in '12, and we're using 7% for pricing. So put that aside. On the Small Group side, we're seeing some nice growth. This past year was favorable, and as we look forward, we think we'll see some nice growth. It's a competitive marketplace, but we're anticipating growing. On the Large Group side, fully insured, a little bit of competitive environment in the what we refer to as the portfolio space. That seems to be a lot of real arm wrestling in that space. When you put those 2 fully insured pieces together, I think you saw our guidance today that we think we'll grow somewhere around 50,000 to 60,000 fully insured members. So that's a good thing. On the ASO side, it looks like we'll probably shrink around 50,000 or so. So our Commercial membership, we think, will be pretty much flat. It's good that we're growing or anticipate growing in the fully insured space, and so it's a competitive environment but nothing that we see craziness in terms of.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Carroll of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just want to come back to the Employer segment results and get a clarification. I guess which was the bigger contributor to the seasonally weak fourth quarter results? Was it the mix of Group MA business, or was it more the minimum MLR impact from your -- on the Commercial side?
James H. Bloem: Yes, Tom, it was the minimum MLRs and the rebates associated with that.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So that was the bigger piece then?
James H. Bloem: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to go back to the cost advantage versus fee-for-service. I mean, if I look at that chart recognizing there's some moving pieces around number additions and a number of other things, it looks like your cost advantages improved but pretty modestly, something like around 11%. But of course, that's in the context of a fairly significant negative spread between the rate increases you've seen in cost trends. So if I want to think about sort of the improvement that you've seen over the last couple of years, what would be the right number to use in terms of that negative spread that you've seen with your pricing not matching the cost trend?
James E. Murray: I'm not sure if this is how you're getting after the question, but I'll try this. When we do our bids every year, we anticipate what we think trends are going to be in the fee-for-service environment that we -- what we call secular trends. And then we create what we call trend benders to try to offset the impact of that. And in the past, if you think that -- we think secular trends in Medicare runs 4% to 5%. We generally see trend benders every year that are somewhere around 2% to 3%. And so you can see that we make up 2% to 3% or 200 to 300 basis points on that schedule for our book of business. And the only other thing that we talked about earlier is the geographical implications of that schedule. So we feel confident that each and every year, we can get trend benders as we refer to them and we put them into the bids of 200 to 300 basis points. When we get those trend benders and it all plays out, weve talked about our 5% target in the past, and you've seen what's happened in prior years in terms of our ability to do a little bit better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I know this is not hugely important to the overall business, but the other businesses segment in the quarter, it looks like the top line, particularly in the Military Services line, ticked down pretty meaningfully relative to the third quarter. Is there anything in particular that's going on there? And potentially, did any of the business move to ASO in Q4 that you might want to point out? Just generally, what's going on there?
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, I think thats generally, if you look at the mix of the business, there is some of that. They're also getting ready for the new contract, and they're in discussions with how that's going to be transitioned with the Department of Defense.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Simpson of Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just not to beat a dead horse, but I just wanted to understand, the Employer Group MLR in 2012, there were a couple of comments, just to make sure we have these all right. You had a higher rebate impact in Q4, which would sort of suggest that trends were a little bit better on the Commercial side than had been baked in initially, driving the rebates a little bit higher. And then I think the comment was that the mix shift to Group would really be responsible -- to Group MA would really drive them next year. So I guess are those both correct? And the magnitude of the mix shift, it doesn't look that dramatically different from what you were originally expecting. So just trying to tease out exactly what's driving that 50 bps.
James H. Bloem: Well, we were in the range, and we lowered the bottom of the range. This is on the Group Medicare part in terms of the membership gain. So when we saw, we actually -- in October, we gave a number, when we saw what actually came in. You're right. The midpoint sort of only goes up by 2,500 or 5,000, but when you look at what we were looking at in October, before we enrolled anybody, we knew we had one large account, but we didn't know how many people would come, how many people would elect us or elect to stay with them and lots of other things. So when we finally got everything together, and this is true of all the guidance, really, if you think about what we know on October 31 and what actually happens, that accounts for, really, all of this. So in terms of that part, yes, that's the major reason.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the Walmart co-branded offerings, I didn't hear, maybe I missed it. I apologize if I did. But did you give an update on just how that was tracking on the MA side this year?
James H. Bloem: We didn't share that with you, and I frankly don't have that information available.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I mean, is this the kind of thing where if it pans out, we may see more of these relationships as we look into the coming years? Is this something you're working on with other potential cosponsors?
James E. Murray: That would be something -- when we talk about integrated care delivery models and skinnier networks, the possibility that there would be Walmarts and others that we might focus on having a preferred network situation or a par versus non-par situation going forward is something that is clearly -- we're evaluating that as we speak.
Michael B. McCallister: But, Doug, there's no reason to believe that we'd see the dramatic change in MA that we did with PDP with a product like that because you're looking at 2 totally different sort of products and geographic availability and a lot of different things. So weve all been running with that co-branded MA plan. But, Doug, don't be thinking PDP-like when you think about how it might grow.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure, sure, no, that's fair. And I think there were some initial comments given about, if I have my numbers right here, about 300,000 PDP members since '06 you've seen convert into the MA offerings. And I know you don't want to comment on any one relationship or area, but just as you think in general about the seasoning of the MA offering within the senior population, are those conversions at all coming more easily, or was it first-movers so they're more challenging now? Anything you could give us as to the relative pace of that transition would be great.
Michael B. McCallister: We probably won't get into too much detail. I would say it's kind of steady as you go. What I've been saying since the very beginning, all the way back to 2006, that having that Humana card in their pocket for their PDP and developing the relationship was going to really set up an opportunity to move people over time because it's a better value proposition to be in an MA PD than it's ever going to be to have a stand-alone PDP connected to anything else. So the value proposition is strong enough to, over time, have people go over there. It hasn't been a primary focus of ours. It's something we're interested in, and we certainly try to move them or basically talk to them about their opportunity, at least. But to me, it's more of having a relationship that matures over time, has a move over time, and we've just seen good evidence of it, and I think we're going to see a lot more of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Boorady of Crdit Suisse.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First question, just, Mike, if you can clarify a little bit. I think in response to a question on the duals, where you were referring to the potential to strike partnerships, you talked about the need for distribution. And I just wasn't clear there what distribution were you referring to, distribution to the individual or sale of the products or relationship with the state, that type of distribution, or were you referring more to the medical delivery or network side of things?
Michael B. McCallister: No, it was the relationship with the states I was talking about.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of the medical capabilities that you need to manage those populations, do you feel like a partnership would be required there as well? Or in those states, have you assessed your capabilities, and do you feel like you have the medical delivery infrastructure requisite to make money in that business?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, there's always work to be done to build the infrastructure out. We do it all the time. But the answer is when it comes to the Medicare components of all this, we're pretty well positioned virtually everywhere to do that. Where we do need help is on the mothers and the kids, and that's where we're looking for some partnerships with people that are good at that. But in terms of taking on new dual eligibles in the states we were talking about and being able to take on the duals ourselves over 65, I mean, clearly, we're positioned to do that. I mean, but again, there's always work to be done. There some places we're stronger than others. So that's the kind of thing you have to do to execute on this properly, is you have to lay out what that looks like and make sure -- I mean, it sounds like management 101, but you have to apply the resources to make sure you fill your gaps. It's that simple.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, and then my follow-up question just on the overall underlying unmanaged Medicare trend, I wonder, what's your view on what the unmanaged Medicare medical trend was in 2011, and by how much were you able to bend the curve with your 15 Percent Solution?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, I mean, it's always been our belief that we had enough insight into what would likely be happening on the Medicare fee-for-service side because we had a lot of private fee-for-service business which looked a lot like traditional Medicare. And the trends there, what we've always seen, always somewhere in the 4% to 6% range. So when I hear someone else, I don't care who they are, talking about how trends are somewhere different or somehow different to that, I always take a bit of a jaundiced eye toward that. And we wait for ours to develop, and ours always tends to be in that range.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, I guess my question is, how much progress are you making on the 15 Percent Solution? And a good way to measure that is...
James E. Murray: Charles, it's Jim. So earlier, we talked that the last data point that we have any visibility on for the fee-for-service, Medicare fee-for-service unmanaged population was 4%, and that was in 2010. When we did our bids for 2011 and 2012, we talked about the fact that we used secular trends of 4% to 5% when we did our bidding work. And we built in trend benders in each of those 2 years that was somewhere in the range of 200 to 300 basis points to offset that trend that existed in the environment, and so we've seen progress above that 200 to 300 for each of the last 2 years, and we'll see how that all plays out for our 2012 results and the bid process that we went through last year for 2012.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: In the 200 to 300, what I'm trying to get is, sort of how much is Humana's success in the 15 Percent Solution versus just softer overall industry trends?
James E. Murray: We believe that's all Humana. On a regularly scheduled Friday, from 9:00 to 1:00, we have a very exhaustive trend and cost committee meeting, where we go through and we create schedules called trend benders, and every Friday, for 4 hours, we go through and try to evaluate how Humana did against those targets that we built into the bids. And lo and behold, we think that we're making very good progress, which demonstrates itself into the 15 Percent Solution and, frankly, demonstrates itself in the value that we're able to offer to the seniors, the benefits and the lower premiums, and that's kind of the bottom, bottom, bottom line.
Michael B. McCallister: I think you saw that evolve just in this last enrollment period. Basically, what we said going into it -- our goal was to be as stable as we possibly could with benefits and premiums, and that's a function of being able to manage whatever trend we have. And so we were able to do that and you saw the result. I mean, we had terrific retention, and our net membership's growing very, very nicely.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. McCallister for closing remarks.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, thanks for joining us again. 2011 was our 50th anniversary year, and it was great that we, in fact, had the best performance in the history of our company during that year. Medicare enrollment continues to grow nicely, very good results based on powerful brand, better retention and a terrific sales capability that really understands the Retail market. We think 2012 is going to be another good year, and let me finish by thanking all the Humana associates that are on this call for making these results as good as they are. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Michael B. McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John F. Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humana's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our third quarter 2011 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook for both 2011 and 2012. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of the Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover some other items including our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana announced third quarter earnings of $2.67 per share compared to $2.32 per share in the year-ago quarter. This quarter's favorable result was due to strong operating performance across multiple businesses. Consequently, and looking to the remainder of the year, we raised our 2011 earnings per share guidance this morning to a range of $8.35 to $8.40 from the previous range of $7.50 to $7.60.  Along with these positive financial results, we also made good progress during the third quarter on a number of operational fronts. One, we received approval for our 2012 Medicare bids from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid services with the related annual election period for Medicare beneficiaries now underway. We announced our intention to acquire 2 Medicare HMOs: Arcadian and MD Care. Updated Star ratings have been issued by CMS, and we experienced significant progress, with 98% of Humana members now in plans that will qualify for quality bonus payments in 2013. Many of our Commercial members are now receiving our innovative HumanaVitality well-being rewards offering as part of their benefits package as they renew. We again returned capital to our stockholders through approximately 240 million in share repurchases in the third quarter, increasing the total year 2011 to 500 million.  During the third quarter, we paid our first cash dividend to shareholders since 1993 and have followed that up with another cash dividend this month.  I'll devote most of my remarks this morning to Humana's Medicare growth strategy from the standpoint of long-term corporate sustainability, what I would call the most important chapter of our story. I'll also comment on our expectations for Medicare Advantage and PDP membership next year, and comment on our preliminary estimates for 2012 earnings per share.  As we've done in past years, we will continue to enhance our value proposition for seniors by reinvesting the savings we've achieved through our 15 percent Solution into stable premiums and better benefits for Medicare beneficiaries. The result is the robust 2012 membership growth projections you see on the slide. We've essentially built a circle that is repeated and reinforced each 12 months that operates like this. One, we reset our Medicare margins in the bids we file each June. Two, we vigorously pursue the medical management and operating cost initiatives that make up the 15 percent Solution. Three, the progress we make is translated into attractive, highly competitive products for the following year. And then our growing size and scale in Medicare gives us operational advantages that make it increasingly difficult for competitors to match these products in the marketplace.  Accordingly, we project our Medicare Advantage individual membership will increase by 145,000 to 155,000 net new members on the individual side in 2012, and by 55,000 to 75,000 net new members in Group Medicare. We're particularly pleased that our projections for Group Medicare include more than 50,000 members from our recent addition of the State of Texas Employee Retirement System. We're also projecting an increase in our standalone PDP membership of 500,000 to 600,000 net new members in 2012. Our PDP membership growth estimates are built substantially on the success of our co-branded offering with Wal-Mart. For the second year in a row, this innovative plan has the lowest monthly premium of any nationwide PDP offering.  In addition, again like last year, it has one price and one benefit structure nationwide, the first PDP plan in history with this strong competitive advantage. Among other things, this makes the plan easy to understand, the key element for Retail consumers, especially in the PDP environment, where the number of plan choices runs into the hundreds.  In terms of EPS guidance for 2012, we expect our projected Medicare Advantage and PDP revenue growth to be offset by the annual reset of our Medicare margin. Although based on our most recent estimate, that reset is expected to result in a margin slightly higher than the 5% margin included in our bids this summer. Other mitigating factors include movement of commercial and medical cost trends closer to historical levels, and lower projected results for Humana Military as we transition to the new South Region contract.  The combined results of these and less substantial factors is our expectation for 2012 earnings per share of $7.40 to $7.60. Jim Bloem will discuss this projection in more detail during his remarks.  One of the key elements seniors look for in a Medicare Advantage plan is provider access. For 2012, we dramatically expanded both our local HMO and PPO networks and product offerings. As we've often emphasized, this type of expansion is done carefully, adding only those providers to our networks who we believe will offer quality care efficiently. This map indicates the breadth of our Medicare Advantage network, which covers geographies where over 75% of the Medicare beneficiaries live in the United States. While we're a major national competitor already, we're also actively seeking to shore up those areas of the country where our networks are not as extensive as we'd like them to be. That strategy will be aided by the MD Care and Arcadian acquisitions, each of which enables us to strengthen our networks in areas where we're already present, as well as enter new counties, particularly in California.  As we expand our base of efficient provider networks, we can more readily coordinate targeted clinical initiatives and address high cost situations more efficiently to achieve better patient outcomes and lower costs. To us, the expansion of our provider networks contributes to member satisfaction in 2 ways: initially in terms of provider choice, subsequently by enhancing the member experience through our 15 percent Solution.  As we once again reset our overall Medicare target margin for 2012, it's important to note that the most important chapter of the story that I mentioned a few minutes ago is not a margin expansion story, it is a long-term, sustainable membership volume story. This slide illustrates why.  With few competitors in Medicare able to match our scale, experience and compelling senior value proposition, we're growing Medicare Advantage membership as aggressively as possible today to create lifelong relationships that will enable us to offer our members a wide variety of Humana products and services over many years. The slide suggests what some of these products and services are and could be. Notable among them is home care, pharmacy, integrated wellness, all areas where Humana has made good recent progress and where the long-term revenue horizon, given baby boomer demographics, is promising.  Concentra, which we acquired 10 months ago, is performing nicely and gives us a strong foundation on which to further build out our PCP management business.  You can summarize this slide with a 3-part mantra that describes how our near-term Medicare Advantage growth is expected to produce long-term Humana prosperity: Diversification, cross-selling and customer retention. With all this as background, we believe we will continue to achieve strong growth overall to position Humana for success next year and for many years to come.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim for a detailed discussion of our financials.
James H. Bloem: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Looking first at the third quarter, we were pleased with our earnings of $2.67 per share. As indicated on the slide, the primary reason for the substantial improvement over the midpoint of our previous third quarter guidance was the better-than-expected operating results that we achieved. They contributed $0.50 per share of the $0.67 per share increase. Approximately 90% or $0.45 per share of this better-than-expected operating performance was driven by lower benefit ratios for both our Medicare Advantage and Medicare PDP businesses, thanks again largely to our 15 percent Solution. The remaining $0.05 per share of improved operating performance primarily was attributable to the continued moderate cost trend environment in the Commercial group business.  Now in addition to the better-than-expected operating results, the third quarter also benefited from $0.13 per share of prior year medical claims reserve development. Approximately $0.03 of this amount related to the Commercial group business, with the majority of the remaining $0.10 coming from Medicare Advantage. Turning to the full year. We have removed the estimated $0.10 per share impact from the potential Penn Treaty insolvency issue from our full year 2011 earnings guidance. The court, in that case, has granted an extension of stay until March of 2012. Based on the validity of the Penn Treaty legal proceedings, we've decided to exclude this potential $0.10 per share from both our 2011 and 2012 full year earnings guidance, although we remain highly confident that any ultimate liability would not exceed the $0.10 per share amount.  Finally, the third quarter also benefited from $0.04 per share from year-to-date share repurchases and a slightly lower effective tax rate. The 2011 full year effect of these same items are expected to approximate $0.09 per share. Turning now to next year. Our initial 2012 earnings guidance rollforward is detailed both in this morning's press release and on this slide. Let's look at each item in a little more depth. First in the Retail segment, we expect a net decline of approximately $0.35 per share after giving consideration to the annual reset of our Medicare pretax margin. Although for 2012, that reset doesn't take our Medicare margin all the way down to 5% because, as always, the reset reflects our latest and best estimate of the impacts from subsequent development of certain assumptions that we used to file our bids this past June. The 2012 margin reset is expected to be partially offset by our anticipated strong Medicare Advantage and Medicare Prescription Drug Plan membership gains. Next, in the Employer Group segment, we have experienced an unusually low medical cost trend environment in 2011, probably 200 to 300 basis points lower than we expected at this same time last year, as evidenced in the increase in our pretax income guidance for the Employer Group segment as 2011 has progressed. Looking to 2012, we anticipate Commercial medical cost trends will increase by approximately 100 to 150 basis points from their 2011 levels. This range is still lower than the historical annual cost trend averages that we've experienced over the past decade. Again, as a partial offset, we anticipate solid membership growth in our Medicare group business as outlined in the release.  So combining these 2 factors, we expect a net year-over-year reduction of approximately $0.25 per share next year attributable to the Employer Group segment.  Moving to the Health and Well-Being Services segment. We anticipate an increase of about $0.40 per share for 2012. Much of this increase is driven by greater volumes in this segment's businesses, especially Humana Pharmacy Solutions, as a result of expected continuing growth in our medical membership.  With respect to TRICARE, we expect to implement the new South Region contract effective April 1, 2012, and anticipate a reduction in pretax income of approximately $50 million or $0.20 per share in the first 9 months of this new contract. Additionally, it's important to note that at the time of implementation, we will begin accounting for the new TRICARE contract on a net revenue basis, which is a change from the past gross revenue basis. Accordingly, we expect that our 2012 consolidated operating cost ratio will increase by approximately 110 basis points as a result of this accounting change. I will comment further on our consolidated operating ratio in just a minute. Finally, we expect a 2012 benefit of $0.10 per share as a result of our 2011 year-to-date share repurchases. As we have indicated in the past, our forward-looking earnings guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases. Now let's take a closer look at our consolidated operating cost ratio changes over the past couple of years. The continued successful implementation of our company's strategy has had an effect on the multiyear comparability of our consolidated operating cost ratio, which this slide outlines. Here are the details. First in 2011, as we've said in the past, our consolidated operating cost ratio is expected to increase by 160 basis points as a result of the growth in our Health and Well-Being Services segment. This increase primarily is the combined result of the December 2010 Concentra acquisition as well as the significant growth in our mail order pharmacy operations. Meanwhile, the Retail and Employer Group segments combined to lower our consolidated operating cost ratio by 20 basis points in 2011 as indicated on the slide. This shift in mix of administrative expenses is important to note because it shows the significant progress that we've made toward our goal of lowering the operating cost ratio of our core Retail and Employer Group segments on a continuing basis. So now looking forward at 2012, we expect this progress will continue. While the net revenue accounting change for the new contract in TRICARE that I described previously is expected to cause our anticipated 2012 consolidated operating cost ratio to increase by 110 basis points, the positive effect of the combined operating leverage in our Retail and Employer Group segments is anticipated to further decrease our consolidated operating ratio by about 70 basis points. So to conclude, we're very pleased with our financial and operating results for the third quarter, as well as our outlooks for the remainder of 2011 and the full year 2012. As we move in and toward 2012, we continue to maintain ample capital and liquidity while pursuing opportunities to increase the value of Humana by means of strategic acquisitions and capital expenditures, as well as returning capital to our shareholders directly through cash dividends and indirectly through significant share repurchases. This prudent capital deployment balance is enabled by the financial resources and flexibility we've developed over the past several years, and it's a key requirement for competing effectively in the post health insurance reform environment, which continues to unfold.  With that, we'll open the lines for questions. We request that each caller ask only 2 questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. [indiscernible]
Regina Nethery: Matt?  [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Justin Lake from UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Jim, first question to you. You'd mentioned the target margin for 2012 implied in guidance for the Medicare business is above 5%. Just curious if you can give us some more color here in terms of what margin is assumed.
James H. Bloem: As we have said for the Retail segment, which is very largely weighted to the individual Medicare product, that we said would be between 5.4% and 5.6% for 2012.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. 5.4% and 5.6%. And what are the drivers there? And do you expect that to reset for -- back to 5% for 2013, or is this a reasonable target to assume going forward?
James H. Bloem: I think that every year stands on its own and we look at where we are when we file the bids in June. So I would say that you should continue to think about a reset to 5%.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the second question just is around the '12 guidance was helpful, just the question I had in terms of the $2 billion in cash flow from operations. How should we think about that versus the dividend potential from the subs that you typically take up in June, or I should say in the second quarter of each year?
James H. Bloem: I think that there's a certain amount of parallelism between the 2011 dividends that we took out, which were based on '10 results, and the 2012 that we expect to be able to take next year in the second quarter based on this year's performance, because the cash flow from operations is similar in both years. So a certain amount of that goes to build the capital, as we've discussed previously, and then the rest will be available after discussions with the various states and the credit rating agencies.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Given '10 you earned $6.50 and '11 you're going to earn $8.50, do we think about, given the forward -- that drives the forward year cash flow like you said, should it be up 30% or so from the $1 billion you took up this year if I'm remembering correctly?
James H. Bloem: Actually, I think it's more driven around the cash itself. And if you look at the 2010, you're right. We did have a very high multiple of net income, about 2x net income for our cash flow from operations. Historically, since the MMA, we've had around 1.5 to 1.6. So I think of it more as 2010 was sort of an abnormal year in terms of cash flow, again being the driver of what gets taken up from the subs. So looking at this year with a comparable cash flow from operations guidance for '11, I would look for similar numbers to be taken up in early '12 based on this year's performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just on the Commercial cost trend, just as a frame of reference, can you give us the trajectory that you've seen for the last 3 years now? I mean, where you were in 2010 and 2011? Because 200 to 300 basis points lower, which makes sense, is obviously a pretty big step down from what you'd forecast.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Typically for Secular Commercial cost trends, we're generally in the 8% range, and we use that for pricing purposes. As Jim guided in his remarks earlier, 200 to 300 basis points below that in 2011, anticipating that will go to 6% to 7% Secular trends next year and currently pricing for a 7%, and we'll see how that all plays out as we go into the first and second quarters of next year.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And sorry, just one last on that. Where were you in 2010? Was 2010 higher or lower than 2011?
James E. Murray: 2010 was lower a little bit.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the Commercial pricing environment, what are you seeing in terms of the market receptivity to putting through increases that embed a 7% trend assumption?
James E. Murray: The Small Group business for us is growing very nicely. I think that we've guided to growth of -- next year of around 65,000 or so fully insured members, which is primarily our Small Group block of business. We're seeing some nice pickup there. We don't see anything unusual in terms of the pricing environment there. As we've said in the past, the case size that is very competitive in the marketplace is what we were refer to as portfolio, which is 100 to 300 in terms of the case sizes. Lots of mud wrestling out there with the 100 to 300. No one seems to be doing anything dramatic from a company perspective, just a lot of hard work out there in that case side. Other than that, it seems pretty normal.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just last, would you differentiate at all between the public companies and the not-for-profit carriers in that 100 to 300 segment in terms of the pricing intensity?
James E. Murray: No, I don't think I see anybody doing anything dramatic one way or another. It's just case by case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just first question on the 2 acquisitions that are pending. I think you've guided to a close by year end. And obviously it doesn't look like you have those in guidance. I was just curious if you wanted to comment a little bit about the expected financial impact for 2012, maybe membership, revenues and, obviously, earnings per share if that's available.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. When we announced both of these, we had sort of said that we thought that maybe they would close in 2011, but we all have to remember that they're subject to regulatory approval. So we keep them out. As in accordance with our normal policy about acquisitions, when we close, then we make our statements. But the revenues of these, the Arcadian was, I believe, $625 million, and the MD Care's was maybe another $150 million or so over that. So it's about $775 million to $800 million between those 2. We haven't said anything about the profitability, and again, we haven't said anything -- again, in accordance with our policy, that when we close, then we'll be able to comment on each one. But we're very excited about both because, again, of the opportunity to add the 79,000 combined membership.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. I'm sorry, Jim, maybe I wasn't specific. I know in your press release that you'd put the '11 numbers, but I was just curious what those plans were looking for in 2012. You guys are showing good growth. I'm just curious, are they expecting membership growth in that sort of 10-ish percent range as well?
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, we're going to wait until we acquire them and look at everything and then we'll make the decision as to what we think we should say in terms of the timing and what the run rate going forward will be.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Second question is on the PDP. You guys are coming up on a full year of the Wal-Mart plan. I was just curious if you guys could comment on sort of claims experience versus your initial expectations, and any geographies where you're seeing any deviations relative to sort of the overall success of that plan?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. Obviously, we're very pleased with the results of the Wal-Mart plan. You can tell that by the fact that we left our pricing and benefit structures in place. It performed very nicely for us. I think Wal-Mart's happy with the volumes that they saw as a result of it, and we're happy with not only the profitability, but also the growth that it allowed us to enjoy as a company. And a good part of the guidance for next year in terms of our 550,000 growth at the midpoint is a result of the Wal-Mart plan. So again, very, very pleased with the way it's performing for us.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Did you think about changing anything in certain geographies or did you think just that consistent pricing across the nation was more important?
Michael B. McCallister: This is Mike. No, I think one of the critical aspects of this is the simplicity of it from a price and benefit design. So one of the difficulties of all forms of health insurance over the years is the complexity and the local nature of product design and the implication of local health care costs and all that sort of thing. The great thing about the PDP plan is it is drugs. It is national. There's a better shot at making it standard. And although all of our geographies clearly do not perform exactly the same, that's okay. We assumed that when we went in. And the offset is you have an incredible branding opportunity and a simplistic retail message, and I think that's the power of it. So we would really fight the idea of sliding backwards into localized product design. It wouldn't fit the model very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex from JPMorgan.
John F. Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Back on medical cost trends. So I kind of wanted to revisit the idea of underlying trend indications on the Medicare Advantage book, so kind of the core book here, and coming back to this idea of thinking about kind of -- so level setting, that's where you typically expect that to run, where that's been running in '11 and kind of your expectation for '12 and this idea back to some indications on the 4 primary buckets that drive trend. I think the one I had been looking for before was any indications on inpatient bed days or anything that you can help us with in terms of understanding a trend to net book better.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. When we do our bids each and every year, as we look backwards, we see a trend environment in the 4% to 5% range, and we use those numbers when we prepare our bids as our what we call Secular trend. And if I were to tell you that looking back onto 2010 and 2011 as it's now beginning to play out, I would suggest that we're probably towards the lower end of that range, maybe even dipping a little bit below in '10 and/or '11. So that's a good thing because it allows us the opportunity to constantly evaluate the value proposition that we provide to the seniors that we serve. And when trends come in lower, it allows us to pass that along to the seniors that are part of our program, and so that's a good thing for us. We talk about the 15 percent Solution quite often, and we're very pleased with how that's playing out for us. We evaluate that quarterly. We did it the last time as of 6/30 of this past year. And again, we saw some nice improvement from the last time that we evaluated that. As respects the individual pieces, obviously, our utilization is lower. A big driver of that is inpatient bed days. But we don't like to get into talking about any specific metric because then we'll be talking about all of the other metrics that are a part of our Medicare cost trends. But you can imagine that if our trends are coming down, that a big piece of that is inpatient utilization.
John F. Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean, so would it be fair to say the inpatient utilization is -- and if I talk about in bed days per thousand, is running at least modestly negative?
James E. Murray: That's correct.
John F. Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then when you think about your '12 and you talk about the pieces of kind of running a little better than where you submitted in June, is it primarily your updated cost trend assumptions that would be driving that better performance for '12?
James E. Murray: In large part, yes.
John F. Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just one last thing. Just any observations generally as you've gotten a chance to look across benefit design that others put in the marketplace, I mean, from your membership outlook, I would infer that you think it was a fairly stable year in terms of benefit design configuration and Medicare Advantage, nothing overly aggressive or conservative either way. Is that a fair assumption?
James E. Murray: Yes, I think one of you who was on the phone evaluated us relative to the rest of the competition and opined that it looked like we were in a very nice position in terms of our competitiveness. And I would suggest that, that probably resulted in us coming out with the 150 at the midpoint guidance in terms of our growth for next year. And we feel very good about that. We feel very good about where we're positioned relative to the competition for the open enrollment selling season. And again, we feel good about the guidance that we've just provided.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady from Crdit Suisse.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can update us on the progress of Concentra. For example, do you have same center trends? And any progress in selling the Humana product to the employers who are using Concentra centers or getting Humana enrollees to begin receiving care at Concentra centers?
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, Charles, this is Mike. I think it's a little too early to start digging through all of that, frankly. What we've done with Concentra is do what integration was necessary over the last 10 months, really fully get on top of their business to understand it, and they are doing quite well. We've acquired a few practices through that over the last 10 months. So there's some expansion going on there. But that strategic implication relative to selling backwards into the employer space, that's largely still in front of us, as well as the PCP management part of the business. All of that's a work in progress around getting ourselves fully organized and being really focused tactically around how to use that asset as we go market to market. And it's always going to be a combination of Concentra versus potentially some capitated players versus other things we do on the doctor side. So I think we'll come back to you later as those things develop. It's a little early.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. Have they been rebranded to Humana?
Michael B. McCallister: No, not yet.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then next question just on the opportunity for the duals generally. Mike, we've talked about this quite a bit in the past, and I know it's fairly fluid, but what are your current views on the duals opportunity, whether they're coming in more on a Medicaid platform or a Medicare platform, and what investments you're making to capitalize on the opportunity?
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. We're looking at that really, really carefully. As you know, we have 250-some-odd thousand duals already, and we understand the implications of what can be done with these folks in terms of giving them better care, and a lot of money to be saved for both the states and the feds and everyone. So it's a great idea to get these duals into managed care. I guess we've said before, we would prefer they came through the Medicare Advantage. I think all of that is still very much up in the air. On the other side of the table, we're looking state-by-state and deciding when it's going to take. Should we step into a state to participate in Medicaid if necessary? They could be a combination of some buildout of our own, some targeted acquisitions in some cases. But all of that is work we're doing. We're preparing for it. We fully anticipate participating in the dual eligibles to the extent we can, and I think that's probably going to be a state-by-state sort of decision as we get into it, which would lead us away from a large-scale Medicaid acquisition, basically.
Charles Andrew Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Has your company been working with the CBO or others on the Hill to try to come up with a reasonable score for the savings from moving duals into some sort of managed product?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, let's just say we're on the Hill all the time trying to drive the right agenda. So just leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I appreciate the comments about the initial view of 2012 Medicare margins. Do you have a number for the 2011 Medicare margins, where they've been trending so far, maybe x development?
James H. Bloem: Well, we've signaled for the year that we're expecting like in the overall Retail segment to have about a 7% pretax margin.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So when we think about, I guess coming back to one of the comments you made earlier, the Retail margin is the way to think about -- it's pretty close to whatever the Medicare margin's going to be?
James H. Bloem: Yes. I mean, I think in general speaking that they would be very close.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just talk a little bit about the leverage at the company? It seems to be getting incredibly low. And given the free cash flow you expect to generate again next year, just want to hear thoughts about how you think about that leverage number. I know you're well below your targets. How would you envision using that capital if the -- sounded like a Medicaid deal is in the pipeline. Is there enough on the Medicare side of things? What else are you looking at?
James H. Bloem: Well, as I sort of said in my closing, we look at everything. We look at the acquisitions, as you mentioned, and again, we've announced a couple of those this quarter and feel good about that. There's lots of stuff and we look -- there are lots of properties out there, and we're always looking at everything. So there's that. In terms of releveraging the company, putting more leverage back on the company right now, if you don't have an asset to really look at it in the strategic sense, it's very hard to justify just borrowing money for the sake of borrowing money, because the reinvestment rates are very low and the carry is very high relative to that. Historic -- the difference between those numbers is historically wide. So basically, we tell you what the debt to capital is, and you can figure it out yourself. The idea is saying that we have lots of dry powder to be able to execute on this strategy that Mike described in his remarks. So that's, generally speaking, why we do what we do right now. Then if we have any extra, we continue to look at share repurchase, which we've done 4% of the company so far this year, the $500 million that Mike mentioned. And of course, we initiated the cash dividend. So again, looking at things in a totality on a year-over-year basis, as we do after the years close, we'll continue to update these numbers. But we think we're having a very good balance between acquisitions, CapEx and returns to shareholder via share repurchase and cash dividend.
Michael B. McCallister: This is Mike. I would guide you back to the Horn of Plenty, as we call it, chart. I mean, we are all over all of those things, and so we intend to keep ourselves in a position to execute on opportunities as we find them. And the good news, we can afford to do everything we need to do. We said that at the time we upped our stock buyback, as well as our dividend. The good news is we're in a position to do all of it, which is great for us, and we'll be back to you as things develop. But don't look past that Horn of Plenty quickly because we have a very straightforward strategy, which is built off of that picture.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The comment about using the balance sheet maybe for larger deals, is that meant to mean that the 2 ones you have in the pipeline might be used -- might be financed with debt, leaving the free cash flow available, or are those small and you're leaving the leverage availability for larger transactions?
James H. Bloem: Well, again, as I mentioned before, we expect a closing to be after the regulatory approvals and we're now saying could well spill into 2012. So then we'll have all the other information to put together to make that decision. But we generally make that decision at the closing of each acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold from Cowen and Company.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions here. As we think about the Medicare trend, it looks like you said it came down to the low end of the 4% to 5% you've had historically. How are you thinking about leading indicators there? Do you think that a rise in interest rate could spur more utilization as you look kind of historically at Medicare trends which we have a tougher time seeing, or do you think we're just in a point now where we've eliminated unnecessary care and we're at a new low? And then I have a quick follow-up.
James H. Bloem: Well, in terms of the interest rate, again, the Medicare trend probably -- interest rate is probably the least sensitive to that change because, again, seniors with chronic conditions continue to have their treatments and get their treatment. So I would say that part of it is not there in terms of being that large of a factor like it might be on the Commercial side if that signal had changed in the economy there. But on the 15 percent Solution, I think that's the big driver of why trend is at the lower end of that range that you mentioned, the 4% to 5%.
Michael B. McCallister: Christine, that question's really big because it really is at the core of what we try to do every day is try to figure out exactly what drives trend, what part of our 15 percent Solution is doing it versus some sort of macroeconomic implications. And the good news is at least on the 15 percent Solution side, we can actually look at actions and results that are relatively closely tied together with chronic illnesses and this sort of thing. So I think, broadly, we've seen less economic impact on the Medicare population and our population than you would on the Commercial side of the business.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'm sorry. I misunderstood when you said Secular 4% to 5%. I thought Secular was excluding 15%. And then I have a math question. If I think about $24 billion in Medicare Advantage revenue next year, when I think about a 7% margin going to 5.5%, that's 150 basis points, I get kind of like $1.50 and yet you're getting $0.35. So I'm sure I'm missing something really basic. Can you just walk me through how you get to your $0.35?
James H. Bloem: Well, the principal difference between that would be the favorable development that we've had this year that goes into that 7%. That's not assumed in '12.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But that's -- refresh my memory, is that like $0.13?
James H. Bloem: In this quarter, it was $0.13. But so far this year, it's been $0.57.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But I'm still not -- I mean, $0.57 plus $0.35 still doesn't get me to $1.50. Is PDP going to improve in profitability, deteriorate? How are you thinking about that?
James H. Bloem: Again, the way we normally say is we give our overall viewpoint at this point in the year, again, we're still 2 months from the beginning of '12, to say how we're going to do for all of '12. So again, what we've said is we didn't go all the way back to 5%, could it be higher? Yes, perhaps it could be higher. We work hard every day with the 15 percent Solution to continue to make these numbers better. But as they sit now, we're basically telling you what's changed from our assumptions in June that we filed to what we know right now before the year starts.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. It feels to me like there's still some conservatism in there, and I think that's probably the conclusion.
James E. Murray: Christine, this is Jim. Are you including the growth in our membership as an offset to that? The $0.35 is net of growth in membership.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I thought I was in that math, but I may not have been fully accounting for the new membership profitability.
James H. Bloem: Okay. The favorable development is a big part of it. That you get the favorable development, but it's not -- it's up above in that little chart that's in the press release, and it's in my slide.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Looking at the big picture, there was an interesting study out of Emory University showing about 55% of Medicare spending is on the last 2 years of life. And with the bolus of Medicare eligible population aging and medical advancements, it's easy to see how end-of-life care is driving significant growth in Medicare spending. On the other hand, it's a highly politically charged issue. So I'm wondering if in your discussions on the hill, what sort of appetite you may be seeing from legislatures around adjusting specifically end-of-life care. If we could get some sort of addressing in the intermediate term here, maybe next 5 years or so, and what type of plans may be being discussed.
Michael B. McCallister: People don't focus on it directly. I can tell you that both sides of the Hill and everyone up there really understands the implications of it economically. I think right now there's a group of 12 in a room trying to figure out what to do with the entitlement program called Medicare. I don't think this is top of mind. It is a known issue. The way we look at it as a company and the way we build our business is basically to take on all chronically ill, and basically what you're trying to do is keep people as well as you can as long as you can, and that's what this whole coordination of care and management of chronic illnesses is all about. And I think the better we get at that, the more impact we're going to have at some of the issues you've raised. But I would say it's not the top headline. People are uncomfortable with what to do about it, but I think it just falls into the bigger bucket of overall medical management and management of illness and financing of it. And it's a data point that is concerning, but I don't know that it's materially different in terms of how we think about it in the midterm, at least, in terms of managing the business. So...
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. My second question is I know it's early on yet in the selling season, but has there been any indication of the impact of the new Wal-Mart co-branded MA product? And if you could just remind us again if the margin profile in that business is the same as your overall book, or if we should be factoring in some sort of additional fees or profit share.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. I think you're referring to the ability for us to talk to seniors that have a Prescription Drug Plan about the additional benefits that they might enjoy with the Medicare Advantage. And we haven't been focused on trying to identify those, what are referred to as conversions, from a PDP to an MA. We'll probably report out on that after the selling season is completed. We would anticipate with the additional Wal-Mart membership that the numbers that we've seen over the past couple of years, which have averaged around 25,000, would go up. But we'll report on that, I think, probably next quarter.
Michael B. McCallister: And we're satisfied with sort of the sales we've seen to date.
James E. Murray: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald from Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So the last couple of years, your actual Medicare enrollment growth has been significantly higher than what you've initially guided to. And I think that's been driven primarily by a better rate of attrition than what you first assumed. So it would be helpful if you could just walk through what you saw for 2011 in terms of gross sales and attrition, and then sort of if you can give a sense of what you're assuming for 2012, if that attrition number's moved around or not.
James E. Murray: For 2011, for the entire year we're anticipating that we're going to sell 439,000 units, and we are anticipating about 293,000 terminations or disenrollments. Obviously, we anticipate that we're going to sell more than that this coming year as we see probably a stabilization in the terminations that we've seen over the last several years. We embarked this in 2010 and 2011 on trying to stabilize the membership that was a part of our roles, and we were pretty successful in 2010 and '11 to do that. So for 2012, we think we'll probably see an uptick in sales with probably a stable termination with 2011 figures that I just reported.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, we've seen a fair number of acquisitions in the Medicare Advantage market the last few months. I'd be interested in what you see in terms of the pipeline going forward? And then as well if there's anything you've seen in terms of willingness to sells or what's changed in the last few months versus 6 months or a year ago?
Michael B. McCallister: I don't think there's been any -- this is Mike. There's been no major shift in the last few months. I mean, I think the big pictures remain the same. I think in order to be successful in Medicare Advantage longer term, scale is going to be required. There's going to be ongoing IT investments needed and the spending there is the same whether you're small or big. And with an 85% MLR on the horizon as a requirement, then I think ultimately, you better have your administration very low, and I think scale is one of the key components of that. That's how we think about that inside of our 15 percent Solution. So longer term, the smaller players I think will find a home somewhere else. And we hope to be a part of that as it occurs and you can see that we're a participant in the opportunities as they pop up. So -- but I don't think anything's shifted in the short term here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just had a first question just on some of the assumptions on margins in the Employer segment. And it looks like you're clearly expecting a pretty significant deterioration, around 50% in the margins there. But maybe just walk us through sort of what you're assuming on the Commercial group side relative to the Group Medicare margins for '12.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, what we had said in the Employer Group is basically, today, we had raised our MER, if you will, our benefit ratio, by about 125 basis points for this year, and then next year, we took it back 225. So the difference is really only about 1%, and the difference is really what I mentioned before about the Commercial trend. Rather than making an assumption that the Commercial trend was going to go all the way back as we have in the past, we've sort of taken it half the distance back. And so that, basically, to me, explains in the Employer Group segment, sort of where we are. Now you're right to point out that in Group Medicare, we have, over last year, said that we expect 55,000 to 75,000 more members or up 65,000, when in this past year, the year that we're in now, we only had 15,000. So again, in pricing Medicare we look at things for that overall 5%.
James E. Murray: In the guidance pages, you can see that the Employer Group overall is shown as a 1% to 1.5% margin. The under-65 part of that was probably on the lower end of that range while the Group Medicare is probably on the higher end of that range.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. So maybe Group Medicare is sort of implying like 1.5%, 2% and Employer side of that maybe around the 1% area?
James E. Murray: That's a fair estimate.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just a second question, just would be helpful maybe to get some revenue assumptions just in the other business segment, and also it would be helpful to understand sort of same-store growth trends because clearly, you've got a pretty big drop in TRICARE revenues as you move to the new contract. So maybe first if you could just sort of walk us through what sort of the 2011 TRICARE revs were and what you're assuming for '12. And then separately, just some indications on sort of what type of growth you're expecting on the Medicaid business, if any, next year.
James H. Bloem: In 2011, TRICARE is approximately about $3.5 billion. And then this year, we're going to take that down, both looking at it from a segment basis, down to about -- down about $2.4 billion. And that $2.4 billion reduction is because of how we're going to account for the new TRICARE contract. It's going to be -- before, we always had the gross revenue and then we had expenses with that, and then we came up with the margin. The old numbers were sort of like $3.5 billion, 3%, $110 million of profit. The new way it works is, again, on an ASO basis. So we report net revenues. That is the net of the costs that we incur in the revenues we recognize. The reason that's happening is because the rules of revenue recognition, when compared to the provisions of the new contract, require that accounting. So again, economically, we're off about $50 million because we're starting off a new contract. Our consolidated revenue is only shown to be up 5% because we're having that maybe 45%, 50% reduction in the others, which is the revenue that was moving from gross to net. So again, I'd like to just keep the economics kind of the same, saying we're starting a new contract and our excellent team of associates and leadership in TRICARE will continue to manage that in a way that improves its profitability over time. But we're showing you what the first year looks like here.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just on the Medicaid side?
James E. Murray: This is Jim. Medicaid, for us, as you know, is -- probably 80% of that is located in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. And we have 3 regions that we serve on the island and anticipate increases of perhaps 5% to 6% increase as a result of renegotiation of those 3 regions going forward. So nothing significant. There hasn't been any inclusion in our Medicaid estimates of any of the things that Mike talked about earlier with our evaluation of Medicaid opportunities going forward.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And Jim, just quickly the rest -- a lot of the rest of your Medicaid business is in Florida, and there was pretty nice rate increases for a number of the plans down there, Florida Medicaid. Do you expect there could be any benefit to your Medicaid margins in Florida as a result of that?
James E. Murray: There'll probably be a tad, but nothing real significant. We're in the Medicaid business in Florida because the providers asked us to be in that business. It's a good offset for -- it balances out their portfolio of patients that they serve. It's not really strategic for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On the 40 to 60 bps of improvement in your reset for your Medicare margin, how much of that -- all I heard really was risk, was your cost -- all I really heard was the cost and utilization issue. Would you say there's an improvement in riskors or sort of your audit settlement assumptions or perhaps on mix?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. We've talked a lot about improving trends and what we do around the 15 percent Solution. We also proactively are trying to make sure that we're paid for the amount of risk that we assume from the seniors and their conditions as it relates to the chronic illnesses that they have. So there's some element in our yearly bid estimates and our margin rollforwards that represents the impact of us doing a better or worse job with our risk profile work. So that's buried in there, but it's not a significant piece of our margin reset. Most of the margin reset is related to the trends and our anticipation that they're going to be at the 5% that I'd talked about earlier. And our margins go down from the number that we talked about to the 5%.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the second question. When I look at the $0.40 from the Health and Well-Being and other businesses, that sort of almost implies a 30% improvement in earnings from that business by my math. I'm not sure that's exactly right, but about that. And that compares to last quarter where it's about half that in terms of the improvement year-over-year. What's causing the acceleration? And you talked about mostly about pharmacy volume. What would be in there besides -- how are you getting that pharmacy volume improvement? And then what's Concentra's contribution to the $0.40?
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. We want to grow our Medicare business and our Commercial businesses because of the mail order operation and our other pharmacy operations because it's a wonderful opportunity for us to not only create a differentiated value proposition for the members that we serve, but also it results in a favorable impact to our bottom line. So the more we grow our Medicare and Commercial membership, the better our pharmacy operations do, and you're seeing the beneficial effect of that in that $0.40 number.
Peter H. Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, that's not growing at 30%, so sort of what's the offset that causes it to grow so much faster on the Health and Well-Being side? And what is the acceleration from [indiscernible]?
James E. Murray: In addition to the membership growth, we're also seeing a nice pickup in the number of members that have chosen to use the mail order operations. That number has grown from as low as 5%, when we first started, somewhere near 20% to 25% of the membership that we serve today. So that's taking up as well as the membership that we just reported.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg from Susquehanna Financial.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Could you just -- given the CIGNA HealthSpring deal, can you remind us some of the key terms of that alliance? And probably more importantly, I think it's about 1.5 years old, that alliance, have you guys seen any enrollment benefits on the Group Medicare side thus far from the deal you guys have with CIGNA?
Michael B. McCallister: This is Mike. It's been actually a slow start up, and we don't have any business that's come out of that alliance yet. There's a little bit; not enough to really pay much attention to. And so it was always a longer-term effort for us to figure out how to get 2 companies to work together in the Large Group space. So in the short and midterm and long term, I don't know that it makes a whole lot of difference. We're sort of evaluating where we are with this relationship and see if it has any future, and we' report back once those sort of decisions are made. But, I mean, I think the message from that particular transaction is that there's an opportunity in the retirees for big companies, and there's a number of ways to get at that. And we're pretty optimistic about what that looks like in the future. So we'll be back once we know exactly what we're going to do with that relationship.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. But there's nothing that prevents either side from walking at any time, correct?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, I'm not going to get into the contract terms. I mean, obviously, going in, you always keep these things under consideration as you reach an agreement because, when you're going in, you'd better know what your exit strategy is. So yes, all those things were considered as we got into it, and again, we're not going to talk about it this morning, but we have every ability to protect ourselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson from Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just want to make sure we're thinking about the comments around Commercial pricing correctly. And correct me if I'm wrong in the way I'm describing this, but it sounded like you were saying the trend is coming in light this year. I think you said order of magnitude a couple of hundred basis points. And then it sounded like you were pricing just sort of a move higher. I think you were pricing to 7%, and you would expect the trend to kind of move up and close the gap. By our math, if we take that $0.35, if we're thinking about this the right way, that would imply something like a 180 basis point lift in the Commercial MLR. And we're just trying to understand, it seems like you're trying to price at or a little bit above trend. So what would drive that axe in the year to sort of pop up by 180 basis points, because this will obviously exclude development? Is there a risk pool shift or is there a product mix change or is it potentially some conservatism built into the way you're thinking about that?
Michael B. McCallister: Certainly it's conservatism. I mean, I've said it call after call after call. I mean, those of us in this space that are in Commercial are looking to the future trying to figure out what's going to happen with trend. And there's offsetting things going on -- there are several things going on, the macroeconomic situation, those implications. We are trying to manage and get better value for money in terms of what we do every day. So, you know, Doug, historically, this industry has missed the uptick in trend. That's been ugly, and I've been through it several times, having been here for 38 years. We would be irresponsible, I think, to go all the way down to what could be a real unusual low trend that's driven by things that we do not control. So perhaps we could grow more if we lowered our prices to reflect all of that. We probably could. I think you have to be cautious here because I believe trends are going to tick back up and nobody really knows when that's going to happen.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: No, that's a fair point. Maybe just to shift gears a little bit. If we think about the Part B premium coming in a little bit, just at this early stage, any way to think about what we may be looking at for 2013 rates? Is that any kind of a read-through in your mind? And then just how do you think about the impact and timing of any doc fix on '13 rates and benefit design? Just want to get your updated thoughts on that.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, on the first one, it's way too early to really get too focused on that. I'll go back and I'll take it up to 20,000 feet again. We're in a good position based on everything we do around here, whether it's proficiency around medical spend and/or administrative spend to basically offer a great value proposition for seniors which has a lot of room in it. So I don't really -- I've said it many times. I don't get too caught up in year-to-year changes because we're allowed to adjust our product offering on the streets to reflect the reality of wherever we are. What was the second piece?
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Well, the Part B and then coupled with the physician rate fix and then and any timing issues around that, how you think about that.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, our bids for '12 assume there would be a fix. So we never assume that they're going to actually take those cuts. And it's getting close to the end of the year here, so any number of things could happen. They fixed that retroactively a few times. I don't think there's anything magical about the end of the year, because I think Congress can do it sometime into '12 and then make it retroactive. We have to run our business based on reality, and I think reality says at some time, they're going to fix the doctors. They may kick it down the field for another 6 months or 3 months or something again, but in any case, because of the way we bid and the way our business operates, we basically have to assume it gets fixed because I think that's the right thing to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: My question is about the deficit deal, which they're expected to report on, on November 23. And while the consensus view is there will likely -- it's unlikely we have a bipartisan compromise, there is a possibility they come up with partway savings with the deal and then still do a 2% across-the-board reduction. I think you guys have mentioned that the 2%, you can do a lot of it as through given your contracts or back to Fee-for-Service rates. My question is also about the likelihood that they do some provider-specific reductions for hospitals on health or others with the part deal and what does that mean for your contracts? Can you also change your payments to providers accordingly?
Michael B. McCallister: Our contracts in Medicare generally reflect that we will pay providers what Medicare pays them. So right out of the box, we would be heading in whatever direction the federal government does. But I would caution you that I have a long list of rumors as well, and I think until we see something more definitive out of that group, I think speculating about implications is probably not good. But from a business perspective, our attitude has been and always has been that we're basically on our way to parity relative to payment rates with the old program. So as long as they kind of keep everything level, then we'll be fine because we're operating more effectively than the old program does. So relative to provider payments and all that sort of things, our contracts give us the ability to change and reflect whatever the federal government does. As a matter of fact, it happens automatically, but we'll just have to deal with the specifics once we know them.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So I'm understanding it doesn't matter either way, you can -- it's back to Fee-for-Service. Another question again about deficits. And I understand we're sort of speculating at this point, but certainly there were a lot of Med Sub proposals on the table. And how do you think about this in terms of the volume swell you could potentially get with Med Sub. But on the other hand, if they do, do Med Sub reform and there is a lower utilization across Medicare as a whole, what that might do to your rate outlook.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, that second part is really long term. I won't go there. I do think from a policy perspective, making changes to the Medigap world is the right thing to do. The induced demand that's a part of that has been well documented. So I mean, we sell Medigap coverage ourselves, but I think from a policy perspective, if I was in Washington trying to solve my Medicare problem, I'd be looking really hard at the implications of Medigap coverage. So to the extent that, that occurs, again, we'll be back where we've always been, that's comparing the value proposition of Medicare Advantage versus Medigap versus traditional Medicare standalone. And I think at the end of the day, we win those comparisons even today with where we are quite effectively. That's why there's 12 million people in Medicare Advantage. So I'm not concerned about changes as long as they're fair and reasonable in terms of application because, at the end of the day, its all about executing on what we do. And when we do that, we do fine.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then finally, the questions around Star and the impact on margins. I'm understanding the 5% that you project sustainably does not include it. Having gone through this exercise once now, how feasible do you think it could be to ramp it up to 4-Star-plus by 2014, I think, you need.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The entire company is focused on improving our Star scores. I said on a call, I don't recall which quarter it was, that our goal is to get 5 Stars everywhere. Obviously, it's going to be difficult to do that in some of our product designs like a Private Fee-for-Service or some of the local PPOs, but there are a lot of people at Humana who are focused on improving our Star scores. We're very pleased with what happened during this last accounting. Our Star score targets were achieved, and we see a lot of progress. We do a lot of things, including incentivize providers to deliver good quality and work on some of the HEDIS measures. Our service organization is focused on changing its business model to address the Stars' quality scores. A lot of messaging to the members who most need some of the preventative measures. So there's a lot of things going on. We feel very, very good about our ability to execute. And again, the goal is 5 Stars and I think you're going to see a lot of nice improvement over the next several years from us in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: As you look into 2012, are there factors that would affect your ability to leverage your MA margins to the same degree as you have in 2011 and 2010? Thinking also if you could characterize kind of where you are in the maturation of the 15 percent Solution?
James E. Murray: When we do our bids for 2012, we did as we've talked about quite a bit today. When we look back over the last 4 or so years, we've been very successful with our ability to drive cost below -- we call the things that we do trend benders. And those are an integral part of our bids. And we've been very good in our ability to deliver on the 15 percent Solution. And as we look at where we're at on the 15 percent Solution -- and frankly, that number has to be 20% in some locations. But we feel very good about where we're positioned and the glide path to 2014. So tentatively looking very solidly at our ability to continue to deliver very good value propositions to the seniors we serve, we feel good about our ability to execute next year.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Super. So then also it sounds like a good portion, a large portion of the $0.40 pickup in the Health and Well-Being is coming from pharmacy. Is that largely leveraged on the MA side or are you also -- or the Medicare business in general I should say, or are you getting a lot of cross-selling benefit from the Commercial part of the business? I wanted to try to parse that out a little further.
James E. Murray: Commercial is doing well, but when you think about who takes drugs, it's the seniors. And the more seniors that we have, the more our Health and Well-Being segment is going to grow in the short term, because a lot of it is comprised of our Pharmacy business. So Medicare growth and convincing the Medicare seniors that getting their drugs through the mail is a good thing, will continue to drive those kinds of results that we're seeing today.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And how are you viewing the competition from the Aetna and the Coventry offerings in the PDP space?
James E. Murray: We've evaluated some of what they've done. We've looked at the websites, and we feel very good about where we're positioned.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jerry Kamato [ph] from Tri Fund.
Unknown Analyst - : I had a quick question about the hospital admission rates that you've been seeing. It's been a while now. Do you have any ideas about how to categorize the different reasons that it's happening and their relative importance and how you see that going forward?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, as we mentioned before when we talked about our trends, basically if you look at inpatient -- inpatient utilization is really the main thing that has been reduced. The other things continue to remain in the sort of mid-single digit range. So there's more outpatient, but inpatient is the one that's flat to negative.
James E. Murray: Yes, I think the answer differs depending upon whether you're talking about Commercial or Medicare.
Michael B. McCallister: Absolutely.
James E. Murray: Clearly the economy has had some impact on the Commercial inpatient utilization, and we're trying to figure out if there's a rollover effect to the Medicare population as well.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us this morning. I think what you've seen here is a solid quarter from our company. Great progress on all things Medicare and in the Commercial business as well. I'm really, really comfortable with where we are going into '12, and we will be guiding you to where we're going to end up in all these lines of business much more closely as we get further into the year. With that, I want to thank all the Humana associates that are on this call that have made this performance possible, and our value proposition remains strong, and we're very optimistic about the future. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Michael McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee James Murray - Chief Operating Officer Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc. Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ryan, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Humana's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Good morning and thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humana's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our second quarter 2011 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook for 2011.  Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts.  This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website.  Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors in this morning's press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, Humana reported second quarter earnings of $2.71 per share, an increase of 35% over the $2 per share we earned in the second quarter of 2010.  Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we raised our full year EPS guidance to a range of $7.50 to $7.60 per share from the previous range of $6.70 to $6.90. This increase primary reflects lower projected benefit expense ratios in our Retail and Employer Group segments.  These are partially offset by new reinvestment spending in Medicare sales and marketing and related Medicare investments designed to improve the companies Star ratings processes and the clinical initiatives that make up our 15 percent Solution.   The essence of this is that we believe the second quarter's favorable results, along with our planned additional investment spending, positions us well for further growth, a midyear approach similar to last year's at this time which, as you know, proved successful. With the 2012 Medicare annual election period just around the corner, my remarks this morning will focus primarily on opportunities to expand our 2012 Medicare Advantage and Medicare PDP membership a little more aggressively than we thought possible 90 days ago. As we've shared with you over the past several years, we worked constantly to research and understand seniors' changing needs and craft a value proposition that's differentiating and compelling.  This value proposition includes, among other proprietary elements, integrated care, performance-driven metrics for care providers and actionable information for the members themselves. One of the things we've learned about seniors that doesn't change from year to year is their desire for stable benefits and premiums. For 2012, as has been the case for the past few years, we've been fortunate enough to be able to build such stability into our offerings, a genuine competitive advantage. On top of that, the results we announced this morning bode well for an excellent 2011 and give us the latitude to accelerate the kind of investments likely to produce an even better 2012. To illustrate, I'll describe 2 of these reinvestments in a little more detail. First, with Medicare Advantage payment grades tied to Stars quality scores beginning in 2012, we plan to reinvest heavily in improving our Stars processes, procedures and infrastructure to position us for further improvements in Stars metrics. Humana believes deeply in paying for performance, the essence of the Stars program. Solid and growing evidence in terms of better health outcomes and lower costs indicates that paying for performance injects necessary productivity and accountability into a dysfunctional healthcare system that has been characterized for years by too little of both. Second, our innovative Humana Cares program that focuses on members with multiple chronic conditions currently helps more than 100,000 people. Armed with data which tells us we can help more people while it also makes good business sense to expand our reach, we intend to do so. As I've discussed with you in past earnings calls, these seniors have improved their health and well-being while using fewer health resources with the guidance of Humana Cares nurses, other medical professionals and the network of community service agencies. By spending more to build out this program, we anticipate offering Humana Cares to an additional 25,000 members. Although specific reinvestment plans are already being formulated, we will have the ability, if necessary, to modulate our plans as the competitive landscape becomes clear in early October.  As always, we anticipate our Medicare growth coming from a variety of sources, including an increasing number of agents, still a long-term opportunity in Group Medicare accounts. And again as always, we will share with you in our third quarter call preliminary membership growth projections for both Medicare Advantage and PDP. Before closing, I want to touch briefly on 2 recent strategic milestones. First, our partnership with Reader's Digest, which we announced in May, is moving along nicely. This alliance is similar to our successful partnership with Wal-Mart in an important way. It links Humana to a powerful, national, well-recognized consumer brand that resonates powerfully with seniors. Reader's Digest brings 2 vital strategic elements to the relationship: a vast senior database that reaches 80% of all Medicare eligibles and nearly 90 years of expertise publishing easily understood health and wellness information that seniors worldwide have come to trust. Humana and Reader's Digest will be developing a series of co-branded Medicare products from Humana that we expect will debut later this year. Second, last month, we launched HumanaVitality, our joint venture with Discovery Holdings of South Africa, the global leader in integrated science-based wellness, rewards and loyalty programs. The groundbreaking HumanaVitality initiative, available now to all our Commercial members, unites a number of strategic principles that we have emphasized for the past decade and which are responsible in large measure for our success during that time: consumerism, actionable information, data, guidance, innovation and customized incentives based on actually sound models and the idea of making healthy things fun and fun things healthy. Going forward, we believe HumanaVitality will become an increasingly vital component of our dream of helping people achieve lifelong well-being through the long-term, personalized relationships involving a wide variety of health enhancing Humana products and services. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem for a detailed analysis of our financial results.
James Bloem: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Looking first to the quarter, we were pleased with our earnings of $2.71 per share. As indicated on the slide, the primary reason for the substantial improvement over the midpoint of our previous earnings per share guidance was attributable to operations, which contributed $0.51 per share of the $0.66 per share increase.  Approximately 85% or $0.44 per share of this better-than-expected operating performance was driven by lower benefit expense ratios for both our Medicare advantage and PDP businesses, thanks largely to our 15 percent Solution. The remainder was primarily attributable to the continued moderate medical cost trend environment in the Employer Group segment. We will review each of the 3 financial reporting segments in a minute. But before we do, let's briefly look at the 3 nonoperating items which in the aggregate comprised $0.15 per share of our $0.66 per share better than the previously anticipated second quarter earnings. First, higher period favorable medical claims reserve development added $55 million or $0.21 per share to our second quarter results. $33 million or $0.13 per share of this amount was attributable to prior years, while $22 million or $0.08 per share related to the first quarter of this year. We will further break down the prior-period development by segment shortly. Second, we also booked a second quarter expense of $23 million or $0.08 per share in connection with the Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition or LI-NET program. This adjustment results from a retrospective review of our contract with CMS and reflects the amount of gain sharing that we expect to pay CMS based on our solid operating metrics and performance to date. Third and finally, second quarter share repurchases and a slightly lower tax rate together added $0.02 per share to our previously forecasted second quarter earnings per share. Turning next to our financial reporting segment. We have increased our 2011 full year Retail segment pretax income forecast by approximately $80 million. To break this full year Retail segment improvement further down, approximately $120 million relates to the better-than-expected second quarter operating performance of our Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses. An additional $38 million is from favorable prior-period development, principally from Medicare Advantage. The remaining $22 million reflects the operational progress that is expected to continue into the second half of this year, net of the strategic Medicare investment spending that Mike described in his remarks. Based on our experience over the last 5 years, we strongly believe these investments will further benefit us, both in the short and long terms. Turning next to the Employer Group segment. We have increased our full year 2011 forecast by about $57 million. Approximately $20 million of the better-than-anticipated second quarter total operating performance improvement was due to the continuing low utilization of medical services by Commercial group members, with another $17 million coming from favorable prior-period development in the Employer Group segment. The remaining $20 million of additional increase in Employer Group pretax income guidance reflects our improved forecast for the second half of the year based on our favorable first half results. As I mentioned, we continue to experience a moderate medical cost trend environment with levels of utilization lower than historical norms. For pricing purposes, we continue to expect that trend levels ultimately will revert to more normal levels. Moving next to the Health and Well-Being Services segment. We've lowered our forecast for the year by approximately $35 million. There are 2 things to note here. First, approximately $15 million of the $35 million is related to our RightSource pharmacy business, which has experienced greater than expected price erosion from generic drugs due to, among other reasons, the recent availability of multisource alternatives.  While this price erosion both reduces our revenue and pretax income forecast for the Health and Well-Being Services segment, there is an offsetting benefit in our Retail and Employer Group segment forecast. Accordingly, on a consolidated basis, our full year 2011 earnings expectations are not adversely affected by these lower generic prices. Second, as Mike described, we plan to further invest $20 million in Humana Cares, HumanaVitality and other clinical infrastructure that pay -- that play a significant role in our 15 percent Solution. Again, based on our multiyear experience, we believe that further investments of this type will continue to generate long-term value for our Medicare members, the Medicare trust funds and our shareholders. Finally, consolidating these segment details, we've increased our pretax guidance range for the year by approximately $180 million or $0.75 per share, including $0.08 per share for year-to-date share repurchases and a slightly lower tax rate. Accordingly, this morning's increased full year EPS guidance range represents a growth rate of 16% to 17% over last year, a clear demonstration of the operating effectiveness that our associates strive for every day. With that, we'll open the phone lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If you could just talk to us a little bit about the Medicare Advantage agents and how you're doing given that, I guess, this year represents the first cohort of baby boomers? Just particularly interested if you see a change in the attitudes as evidenced by enrollment towards Medicare Advantage versus traditional Medicare.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. We like to think about growth from a lot of different channels and opportunities. The agent growth is doing well for us. The one thing that I would point out, though, is that because of the economy of late, I would suggest that agent opportunity is probably a timing issue for us and others in the business. More people are staying in the workforce past age 65. And so although with the baby boomers and the aging that we've shared with you in the past, there appears to be a bit of a timing item respect to people coming into the Medicare program. But overall, as you can tell from today's report, we feel very good about all of our growth prospects, including Group Medicare and other forms of enrollment opportunities.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes. Okay, great. That makes sense. And on the Commercial front, can you just give us a quick take on where you think -- see things, in terms of competitive pricing at this stage?
James Murray: Sure. As we've talked about in the past, there appears to be more competition in the over 100k size. We would point to our HumanaOne in our small group blocks of business that are growing nicely, and large group for us is an area that we haven't been growing of late. There isn't one particular competitor that seems overly aggressive. It just seems like because there's more of an opportunity for companies to negotiate in those k sizes, it looks like that's an area where it's a dog fight day in and day out. We feel very good about our overall Commercial book of business. But the large group, over 100k size seems to be an area that's more competitive than others.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady from Credit Suisse.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: Can you speak specifically to the Medicare components of medical trend?
James Murray: Sure. This is Jim again. The Medicare for us, as we've told you time after time, we generally assume about a 5% secular trend for Medicare. And then when we do our bids, we build in what we call trend vendors, which really represents our anticipation of the improvement on the 15 percent Solution. And then as the year plays itself out, and we've done this now for 3 or so years in the past, we see improvements on our margins because our 15 percent Solution is being affected and that seems to be the case again this year.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: And so specifically, can you talk to which initiatives may have had a meaningful impact? Or was it more a combination of many different initiatives that bent the cost curve in the Medicare Advantage business?
James Murray: We've shared the 15 percent Solution with you in the past. It includes a number of different elements. It includes identifying the right providers to be a part of our networks going forward. It includes the Humana Cares, which Mike referenced earlier and the ROIs that we're beginning to see on that. It includes nurses in the field doing case management work for folks who are in the hospitals or skilled nursing facilities. It's negotiating of contracts with ancillary providers. It's a culmination of a lot of different things that we feel pretty good about our focus on.
Michael McCallister: Charles, this is Mike. I've been saying for the last couple of years that I was really beginning to see an emerging better capability around the integrated clinical activities across all the things that we do, and I think we continue to see that. So I think it will continue to get better. And the lack of value for money in Medicare and the way the old program works is so awful that it just sets up a great opportunity for us to rationalize and get better value for the members, for us and everyone else. And it just -- and I've never been more optimistic than I am today around our ability to continue to get more traction there.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: You've talked about the duals being one of areas with the greatest opportunity, $300 billion a year on 9 million lives. And in light of the budget deficit reduction talks going on, do you have any sense for what to expect for duals moving into Medicare Advantage versus Medicaid HMOs and anything you're doing as a company to prepare for migration of the duals?
Michael McCallister: Yes. Boy, if they are really on their game in Washington, they will try to find a way to get all of these people into some form of managed care because -- and we have a lot of these dual eligibles today that came largely through the Medicare Advantage door. And we can see what's going on there, and it's just that everything I said in my previous comment is just exacerbated when you're talking about dual eligibles. So a big opportunity to get better care for this people and to save a lot of money in the process. So I think at the end of the day, if they get serious about this, they're going to have to take a look at these people and see how they're going to get them into managed care. We are interested in that. We've been at it for a while, and we're watching carefully as to whether that's going to go through the Medicaid door or the Medicare Advantage door and our intention is to be prepared for either. So I expect us to have an enduring membership over time in dual eligibles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: I just wanted to, I think, given we are past the June deadline for bids, just your early thoughts on your 2012 Medicare bids given medical costs appear to be higher here. What are you kind of thinking for that -- first that typical 5% margin you assume in Medicare on how 2012 might shape up?
Michael McCallister: First of all, I disagree with the costs being higher statements you made, Justin.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: I apologize if it's not higher.
Michael McCallister: Okay. Now that we're straight, here's a bit. I would characterize our bidding as -- we kind of had it in my comments that we were fortunate based on everything that's been going on that we could be pretty stable with our benefits and our premiums for next year across most of the country. So I think we're positioned perfectly for what next year can bring to us from a growth perspective. Having said that, we never know exactly where we're going to be until we see all of our competitors' specifics come in October. But barring something wildly unusual in the marketplace, I would expect 2012 to be a good growth year for Medicare, both Medicare Advantage and PDP.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Great. And then just quickly on capital deployment. It was great to see you get off to a strong start with the share repurchase. Can you tell us whether you think this a good run rate to assume, this $200 million a quarter for purchases going forward and whether there's any thoughts as to including some level of share repurchases in forward guidance, as most of your peers do?
Michael McCallister: Yes, generally, Justin, we don't do either one. Basically, we look at it opportunistically. We look at all of the things we're looking at in the pipeline for capital expenditures, for M&A, whatever else that we're working on. And then we also look at what's going on in the market with respect to the specs. So it's better for us to have a very discretionary program like we have in the past and continue to do that. And I think that serves our shareholders and helps us, again, balance all the ways we can deploy capital, including the ways that add to the business.
James Bloem: I would to add that we don't consider share purchases to be strategy, so we tend to be opportunistic with it. We've committed to doing it over the next 2 years. You know what the number is. We will do that, but the timing of that would be opportunistic in nature for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Just wanted to talk a little bit more about the specific investments that you're making in the Health and Well-being segment. You guys talked about the, I guess, good position that you're in, allowing you to accelerate some of these costs. So maybe just some specifics on what you're doing additionally in that 15 percent Solution and then as you talked about the Star bonuses, maybe where you are today versus where you want to be in the future.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. I'll give all of what the investments that Jim referenced in his remarks, and I won't talk about any dollars. But generally speaking, what we are attempting to invest in, in the third and the fourth quarter, you can break those investments into 3 buckets. The buckets would be growth. The second bucket would be Stars and quality initiatives. And then, the final would be clinical infrastructure. From a growth perspective, we were pretty successful last year with some brands then that we did right before the AEP, and we anticipate accelerating that based upon what Mike talked about a moment ago with what we saw when we were able to finalize our bids. We're also focusing on direct-to-consumer spending and accelerating that to the lifetime value calculations that we do. Because of what we're going to do there, we anticipate that we're going to need more market point reps throughout the United States, somewhere between 300 and 400, in pockets that we think have opportunity for us. And then, as you grow that membership above where we had anticipated, we're obviously going to need service folks to service the new membership. So that would be the category on growth. Under Stars and quality, preventative messaging, accelerating some of what we're doing to get folks to take better care of themselves around the HEDIS measures is where we are going to spend some dollars. Many of you know that the bonuses are in part -- significant part, based upon service metrics and so doing some things to add folks in our service infrastructure to drive some of those better results so that we can improve our bonuses and quality. This next category is an area HRA welcome call, reengineering and risk adjustment FTEs. We see a real opportunity to do some reengineering around our initial contact with our new members, identifying risk adjustments information and also finding out more about the folks in terms of what we can do to intercede in preventative measures. And we're doing some reengineering work there, and we're going to invest. And then finally, in the Stars and quality area, EMR investment. You may have seen some press releases that we've done here recently with companies like Allscript and Athenahealth and others where we're trying to get a lot more information in electronic medical records going forward, in line with what the government's doing. We think there's a real opportunity there. And finally, in the clinical area, the Care Hub, something that we talked about with all of you in the past. Our clinical messaging system and workflow system, more rules, engine and accelerating IT spend there. Mike talked about hiring more Humana Cares nurses throughout the United States, field nurses throughout the United States in areas where we anticipate growing. And then finally, we did some work here recently to in-source all of our DM programs, and we're going to accelerate that because we're seeing some nice results there. So that's all the investments that we are anticipating for the third and the fourth quarter, lots of focus going forward.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Great. Got you. And then just one quick follow-up on the bids for 2012. I think, Mike, you said you're expecting good growth in the PDP. So I was just curious you guys have seen some really strong growth there. Any region specifically where you had to make some changes in your bidding and any anticipated regions that could see a slowdown in the growth?
Michael McCallister: Well, it could be hard to grow as fast as we just grew because we introduced a whole new product with our relationship with Wal-Mart. That's kind of an unusual event. But I would argue nothing dramatic around the country relative to offerings or geographies. That's kind of my whole point. Things are pretty green light here, and we're going to have a lot of stability. And it's going to be really strong in terms of retention and lowering churn. So all of that gives us a fair amount of confidence in what next year's going to look like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to clarify a point that you made about how the quarter today both for a good 2011 and accelerate the kind of investments to produce an even better 2012, is that a comment about enrollment or a comment about earnings being better in 2012 versus 2011? Well, you guys are likely to beat your 5% margin when you talk about a 5% target margin next year, just that could be the delta between the 2. But do you feel good about the earnings being up next year?
James Murray: I was primarily talking about enrollment, but the 2 tend to go together. I mean, we do reset our margin each year, and this year we set that at 5%. We do that. And then fortunately, we continue to work on it, and we're working already on what next year's trend is going to look like as we sit here. So the bids we are putting there, 5 overall. We've said that. We do that way, and then we go about trying to do better than that. And so far in each year, we've been able to do that. So we're not going to guide our earnings or a specific enrollment today. But my growth numbers -- comments were more toward enrollment than anything else.
Michael McCallister: They do tend to run together, though.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: All right. That sounds good. And I guess, maybe then just going back to the trend comment. Obviously, everyone expects trends gets back to normal because that's what normal is. But are you actually seeing any evidence at this point that trend has started to accelerate versus where it was in Q1?
Michael McCallister: Your thought with that last question is more Commercial than it is Medicare. We've said for a long time that Medicare seems to be different than the Commercial because it doesn't appear like the economy is negatively impacting secular trend for Medicare. But for Commercial, we continue to do well relative to where we have thought the trends were going to be. We haven't seen any evidence yet that the trends are starting to uptick. But in terms of our pricing, we constantly always make sure that we price with secular trends in mind because this is a temporary situation, we believe. And we want to be priced appropriately if it were to return back to the previous levels.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Does your view on the better performance on Medicare MLR is not really, in some sort of industry-wide phenomenon, it's more execution on that 15 percent Solution?
Michael McCallister: That's what we believe, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Carroll from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: More specifically on your new PDP product, the low priced Humana Wal-Mart item that you introduced this year. Could you provide maybe some more color on what changes, if any, you've made for the products in 2012? It's been very successful. And then just secondly, in your slide deck you provided today, your second half operating improvement expectations are much less than first half. So I'm just looking for perhaps what's the primary driver of that conservative view, maybe it's all the investment items you just spoke about. But if you could, chat about that.
James Bloem: I'll start with the Wal-Mart answer. It falls into my broader category of earlier statements that the stability and benefits in prices is where we are with that, so no drama there. But we'll have another year where the relationship matures and people grow more comfortable with it, and so I think it's going to continue to be a good growth opportunity. And the second part of that was?
Regina Nethery: Why is there difference in earnings for the second half?
James Bloem: The second half earnings. And again, you indicated investments, and that's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg from Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: So clearly, upbeat comments about product design for next year. And I guess I'm just trying to get a sense for, are you -- is there any reason to believe why we shouldn't see enrollment gains at least equal to what we've seen so far in 2011? Or do you think 2011's numbers growth is running above what we should expect normally in Medicare Advantage side?
James Murray: Well, we're not going to get specific, but we're not using the term strong growth. It wouldn't consistent with the reduction in membership growth for next year. So I think directionally, we can get comfortable that it will be a good year.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. And then I guess this is more -- I think, last quarter you had said -- is there still a $0.10 earnings headwind in your numbers related to Penn Treaty?
James Bloem: Yes, there is. And it's in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold from Cowen.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: Two quick questions. First on Group Medicare, could you -- how do you express how that's going? I think a lot of the government agencies do a lot of that kind of midyear, July to October and then also corporations tend to move, I think, in January. How is that going for you and compare it, if you wouldn't mind, to this time last year? And then with respect to Medicare, am I understanding your comments correctly that you expect growth in MA and PDP to be greater in 2012 than 2011? Or are you just saying you expect strong growth?
James Murray: So I'll take the first part. This is Jim. We're in the processes, as you referenced, of bidding on a number of Group Medicare opportunities, both government and businesses. And I would suggest that the pipeline that we see this year is better than the pipeline that existed last year. There seems to be more interest in taking company or organizations' retirees to an MA program. I think those larger customers are beginning to get a sense that there's a longevity to the program and they feel more comfortable putting their retirees with companies like us. And we're seeing the uplift in the pipeline, I think, as a result of that. As to the growth, I'm going to let Mike handle that one again.
Michael McCallister: Let me try it one more time for those of you who did not ask this question. I mean, it's -- always remember that we're not going to see what our competition's got until October. And so when we talk directionally today about where we're going with growth next year, we try to connect a couple of things for you. One is we're spending some serious investments in the latter part of this year to prepare for an environment based on what we have done ourselves that looks quite good. And so that's what we're talking about here today. I mean, if we all turn our cards over in October and we've had competitors do crazy things, then things can change. And that's why we're not guiding to anything specific today. But when we do it in the third quarter call, we'll be able to get quite specific and we have a history of being pretty accurate with these projections. So I feel pretty good about what we're going to be able to do then. But I'm just signaling today that barring something unusual, we should have a good '12 in Medicare and that is why we're willing to spend the money we're preparing to spend in the latter part of this year to prepare for it. It's a nice opportunity.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And then on the Group side, is it you independently getting these group accounts? Or is it the CIGNA relationship you think firing off here?
James Murray: The CIGNA relationship is a part some of the cases that we're bidding on. But more, I would suggest, are us without the CIGNA relationship.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I wanted to speak a little bit more about your provider strategy. First, of the 3 million members that live near a Concentra clinic, how many at one point could be served by a captive clinic? And over what time period could you see that happening? And then second, if you could touch on your strategy for expanding the number of clinics, where could the number be in 2 to 5 years? Are you thinking about that as more organic or M&A? And would they also be located in work sites, or are you considering stand-alone facilities?
Michael McCallister: Yes, I'll start, and I'll let Jim fill in the holes. Again, we don't look at our Concentra delivery assets as some sort of a broad geographic national solution to network needs and that sort of thing. What we have is a nice opportunity to be opportunistic about situations relative to geographies, the need for urgent care centers. We're working through a detailed strategy at this point around how to approach each market with a combination of Concentra capabilities, risk sharing relationships where they can be done, medical home models. I mean, I think we're in an era right now where this whole idea of how primary care networks and physician networks more generally are going to be built is a work in progress because of all the dynamics in the marketplace with doctors getting together and hospitals buying doctors' practices and all of that. So again, I'll come back to we bought the capability to respond to a number of needs in the marketplace relative to doctors. We have a big opportunity in Medicare advantage which we constantly talk about, and I think we're going to, over time, get very good in integrating what Concentra can do in that business. And to the extent we're looking at acquiring things, I don't expect things of this scale to be a part of that because they don't really exist out there. So I think it will be much more opportunistic and probably market by market. But it's probably -- it's not probably, it is going to be an ongoing strategy of the company to continue to grow the capabilities to respond to doctor needs, market by market.
James Murray: Yes. The only thing that I would add to what Mike said, I think, was identifying the different relationships that we'll have market by market. Some of them will be with outsiders who are willing to accept risks and some will be with our own Concentra assets and our focus on creating rich arrangements and incentives and quality delivery in a lot of markets. The one thing that I would add real quickly is we see -- also see an opportunity to merge the Concentra work site capability with some of the health and wellness assets that we have here at Humana. Mike referenced earlier in his remarks the Vitality program and then many of you know that we already have the LifeSync and Hummingbird assets that are focused on health and wellness. So we see that as a tremendous growth opportunity in our Commercial lines of business, and we're also pursuing that with the Concentra acquisition. So we're excited about that as well.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay. And it looks like SG&A was guided up about $91 million to $92 million. How much of this increase is marketing versus Star ratings. And where do you stand with Star ratings as of today? I think as of the last release, you had about 581,000 in a 3.5 star and about 300,000 in a 3-star segment.
Michael McCallister: Right. Let's do the Star ratings first. We had 274 last year. We have 311 is our average or overall Star rating. And again, as Jim mentioned, one of the aspects of the spending that you're mentioning is going to attempt to enhance that. So as we look forward -- looking forward into how much of the spending there really is, you're right. By looking at the admin ratio or the operating cost ratio, there's just around 100. But if you go back through the different ranges that we provided with respect to the improvement in MER or benefit ratio in both the Commercial and more importantly in the Medicare part, you can see then that what falls out of there is a total spend number that's probably in the range of 180,000. So the range of all the spending, again, and Jim said we weren't going to get into that and we can't at this point because we haven't seen what the competitors are doing, but we've given you a good description of what we're spending the money on. So I've used that range, 100 to 180, in looking at the total investment spend for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you tell me, in your Medicare advantage membership, how many members did you drop this year due to nonpayment of premiums and things like that?
James Bloem: I don't have that exact figure.
Regina Nethery: Peter, it's going to generally be the difference or it's going to be the primary difference between where we are now and what we've projected for the year.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So these drops haven't taken place yet as of the . . .
Regina Nethery: Because they would be in the third quarter.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: They were dropped in the third quarter, okay
Regina Nethery: Yes.
Michael McCallister: Right, you can see that's pretty tight, that we've build that the increase guidance that we've given and where we are is pretty consistent to where we are right now.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And does that mean you no longer plan to drop as many as you were before?
Michael McCallister: That's what I was just going to say. It hasn't turned out to be as much as we had originally thought as we started the year.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then can you tell us that if there's been any update in terms of the RADV audits in terms of the timing of when that's going to come out? And also with such a strong quarter, did you think about taking a reserve for some of these other charges that may have ended up showing up?
James Murray: No, to the second part because we can't take a reserve for an uncertainty, especially one as big as this. So in terms of uncertainty, I would argue that we don't know any more than we've known all along. I mean, I've heard all the rumors and things out there and some of you have talked about things or written things. At the end of the day, at this point, we have no real news. I'll say what I've been saying all along, we expect integrity in the process. I think it will come out in a way that makes sense because otherwise, there's going to be a huge disruption and I don't think anybody's interested in that. So the process has been well underway for some time. It's been a very quiet. And at this point, I don't think there's any news. And the timing of it, to me, is totally uncertain. CMS can take as long as they like and until they tell us something, nothing has changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: I wonder if you had any preliminary views on how the commercial and national accounts and large group ASO selling season is shaping up for 2012 in terms of any known wins or losses.
James Murray: Well, for us as a company, our commercial membership is more in the individual, small and mid-sized cases. We have a few large accounts. But we're not a national accounts player like some of the other folks. And so we don't rise and fall on that stuff. We like to focus on more transactional kinds of case sizes, and that's our bread and butter.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just interested in terms of what the 2011 guidance now incorporates in terms of the Medicare operating margin. Clearly, MLR doing better here but you are reinvesting. So assuming you're somewhere north of the 5%, but what specifically is built in at this point?
James Bloem: It's around 6%, Scott. And again, looking at the reinvestment that's again our same procedure and process that we follow every year, to put that money back in, the money over 5%, to put that back into our benefits premiums.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it. And then just what's your new view on commercial medical costs trend for the year?
James Murray: We see secular trend being, right now, in the neighborhood of 5.5% to 6.5%, so let's say 6%. And when we talk about what we thought more normal would be, we would say that would be like 6.5% to 7.5% or let's say 7%. So where we're continuing again to price, as I've mentioned earlier in my remarks, we're continuing to believe and to conduct ourselves in the market as if we're going back to the more normal secular trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex from JPMorgan.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So I wanted to do something similar, though, focusing on the Medicare books. I mean, could you talk about how you start this year with an assumption of 5% secular trend. So could you level set us now kind of where you view on -- for your Medicare book is for trend in '11? And then give us the 4 major buckets where trend could be running this year, similar to like we would have done for Commercial for you guys in the past?
Michael McCallister: Well, we would still see Medicare trend, as Jim mentioned earlier, and I think I want to make sure that everybody goes away with this. We'd still be in the 4% to 5% range that we have traditionally and always said is the basis of all of our assumptions going forward. So we don't see, really, a lot of a change from that. There's been a lot of different discussions in the marketplace even over the last week or so about that. But we haven't seen, really, anything that we haven't talked about since the first of the year that would take us away from that 4% to 5% range. And again, that's sort of the range we've always had in the past. But again, we again, worked hard to improve the 5% operating margin. Those are the things that keep the trend down for us.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. And so and I guess what you're saying is that where you still see secular trend that your realized trend would be a period to be running far below that because of the trend vendors that you've put in? So what I was trying to understand is with the trade vendors, where are you seeing your '11 trend running right now. And I then I was particularly interested in getting to the bucket so we can see where you're having the most impact.
James Murray: Well, we're reluctant to get into the this and thats of the bucket. But I would guess that if we started with a secular trend of around 5%, the trend vendors that we're talking about could improve our trend picture on a net basis by as many as 200 basis points. But again, that's not what we're seeing in terms of secular trend. I want to be very, very careful that people don't think that secular trend is coming down in the Medicare business. It appears like for us and others that 4% and 5% is what the Medicare program runs year after year, and then we do things that we've talked about in the past around 15 percent Solutions that we think that brings our net trend down. And we ultimately then put those into benefits and premiums so that the stability that Mike talked about earlier is maintained. We're really happy to earn a 5% margin in our Medicare book of business.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Maybe one example I can get is, where would your bed days per thousand be running this year through your Medicare book versus a year ago? Kind of up, down, flat in magnitude?
James Murray: Yes, we're reluctant to get into that level of specificity. We're doing things with nurses, as Mike talked about, with Humana Cares and putting nurses in the field. And those are all paying a nice dividend. But we don't want to get into discussions around what our bed days are, then we're going to go into what our skilled nursing -- nursing facility days are. That would just become a slippery slope.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: But you wouldn't -- I mean, you dissuade me from thinking that your trend is running more like 0 right now, your actual trend.
James Murray: I don't believe it's running 0. It's not running 0.
Michael McCallister: What we would say is, we've talked a lot about the 15 percent Solution and the 4 components of that, the identification, the HRAs, those types of things. Then working into the guidance for both members and our providers and working it over, again -- and Jim went over this so I'm going to go over it quite fast. Within this, what we do with the providers, the hospitals, the doctors, that's the biggest piece. If you look at the proportions of those, we've already said the identification piece is 1% to 2%; what we do on the clinical things are 3% to 4%; 6% to 7% of the 15 percent Solution comes out of what we do with providers, both the ancillary, the physician and the hospitals; and then there's finally another 1% or 2% that we work on that fraud prevention, making sure that we're not being overcharged and things like that. If you take those proportions of the 15 percent Solution, you'll see that those contribute in the same proportions that they always have.
James Bloem: That would be another way that I would try to characterize it. And I'm the finance guy here, so let me just add. This is one of the reasons we spend a lot of our time focusing on the 5% margin because we have so many moving components that affect behavior of individuals, we have progress in various areas where we're putting in new clinical applications in work that at the end of the day, secular trend runs 4% to 5%, and we target a 5% margin. And those are the 2 key numbers we work with. But actual trend is going to be affected by an awful lot of other things. So it's a little overly simple to try to focus on that beyond what the secular trend is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So back to the SG&A question, what I was wondering was what is baked into your current guidance as far as SG&A ratio for the second half of the year and the full year of 2011. And then going forward, as you contemplate your changing mix of business into the Health and Well-being segment and the breakdown of Retail and employer, as you're phasing down your investments in Star and 15 percent Solution and RightSourceRx and also putting in some SG&A reduction initiatives, how much improvement would you expect to see in the base case, in the bulk case for 2012, and maybe 2013 and that's when things start to really get to a steady state?
Michael McCallister: Well, I would say that it's difficult to get to a steady state because of a couple of things. One is, for example this year, we're showing and we just raised in this morning's guidance 25 basis points on the operating cost ratio from last year. But when you look at this year against last year, that's actually quite an improvement because last year we didn't own Concentra except the last 15 days of the year, so that's one of the ways that we do reinvestment. Likewise, as we talked about this morning, now we're talking about accelerating different initiatives, and Jim did a very good job of enumerating each one of those things. Those are the things that we sort of reinvest back into. So it keeps the operating ratio in a way that conforms with how we're doing the rest of the business and what the opportunity is to better serve our members and to have ROIs that really help. So it isn't a matter of we get over a core group of spending and then we get to a more normalized lower level in a subsequent year that gives us a better return. Rather, what we do is we try to get rid of everything that's not useful, see what we can do it with those proceeds to, again, increase the ROI. And more to the point, being part of, again, not so much the 15 percent Solution because that's medical, but again, freeing up money and things that help that 15 percent Solution through the spend.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So you don't have in your target and to sort of get the organization behind any reduction initiatives? Do you have a target SG&A ratio of sourcing at 15 percent long-term or some kind of stretch goal that you're working toward?
Michael McCallister: Well because of what I said, because you're always looking at new reinvestment opportunities, it's very hard to do that. What we like to do is, what I said before, is to show progress on the base of expenses in prior periods so that we can reinvest that money not necessarily lowering the ratio, but also showing that you get better ROIs and more to the point, helps the 15 percent Solution.
James Bloem: That's over complicated. But as we grow and we're feeling very good about our prospects for 2012, that will also create a scale opportunity for us as an organization. So that's another key element of where we see ourselves going forward.
Michael McCallister: It's never going to fit your models very well, Ana, because as we grow Medicare, we push SG&A down on a percentage basis. As we grow our Health and Well-being businesses, we pull it up. And so the varying success levels against the targets that we have out there in those 2 lines of business will dictate ultimately what that looks for. I will tell you that there's an ongoing permanent effort here to bring SG&A in this company down and get to the right level of spending. And it happens every day, every month and we've had a great run over the last couple of years getting to some pretty serious savings, which will allow us to put some of that money back into other things. So it's a moving target.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Yes, sure enough it's a big hill to get -- whatever 10,000 a year on Medicare. So related to that then -- just segueing into the next question. So there is some disclosure that, that might be as much as 2% provider cuts in Medicare with this enforcement mechanism on the debt ceiling. And I was looking for some perspective on how you see yourself playing that in Medicare Advantage in terms of -- in contracting, would you seek narrow networks and bring your costs down? Or is there a vision where you potentially, in the medium to long term, could even have a better network than Medicare perhaps as the providers start to restrict access to original Medicare. In that way, you can drive your penetration so I was wondering about network breadth versus the cost strategy.
Michael McCallister: Well, I won't spend much time on the debt thing that's going on because it's, first of all, it's not even final. So but having said that, directionally, I don't think it changes anything one way or the other. We're moving as far and fast and as hard as we can to get the highest level of productivity and value for money across the country, and we're having some pretty good success doing that. And as to the last part of that where doctors might be more interested in participating in Medicare Advantage as opposed to the traditional program, we're actually already seeing that in pockets around the country. I mean, to the extent that physicians get connected to us, start getting good data and getting a better infrastructure and capability to do better for these people at lower costs, they benefit from that. Whether it's our medical home model or whether it's the reassuring relationships we have or any number of other approaches to the relationships with them. And I think there's a really good chance that physicians are going to look forward and say "This is where we need to be because it makes more," than being subject to ongoing fee cuts every couple of years as part of some budget out of Washington which just continues to put pressure on their ability to survive. And so I could point to a number of places around the country where that dynamic is already in play. So that actually bodes well for us. The data assets we have continue to get better and better in terms of understanding which providers are more productive, are more efficient, are hitting our scores, are hitting the things that drive Star metrics. All that capability continues to improve. So I consider the future of our relationship with providers to be very powerful for a number of reasons, and the economics are just one.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So your EPS guidance range -- or guidance raise, excuse me, is about a $0.10 higher than what you estimate in the second quarter. I wondered if that $0.10 -- the upside of that $0.10 is driven by benefit ratio exclusively. Or is there also some membership benefit to that as well?
James Bloem: Generally speaking, it falls out of the benefit ratio that we have increased this morning. In Medicare, we raised it 150 basis points and in the Employer Group, 50.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Second question then is, on your comments around investing in the Humana Cares program, is it possible to give us some sense of quantification about the cost savings, cost benefit that you can drive in that incremental 25,000 members, perhaps comparing your cost PMPMs to folks that are already in the program?
Michael McCallister: Well, we said in the beginning that we do a lot of work on return on investments on all of these sort of investments. Obviously, when you take the most fragile first 25,000 or 40,000 or whatever the number is, your ROI's going to be a lot higher because there's a lot more going on with these people. The further we expand this, the lower those returns are going to be. And it's just constantly tight trading the right level of investments versus what we think it'll do for the results. And so we're not ready to get specific, but I can tell you there if there is a point where we wouldn't have that sort of approach to the next 20,000 people, but we're not there yet. And we feel like we get good return for our investment, but also, we're going to have a pretty significant impact on these people's well-being and their health status. So it's a combination of all those things, and we're not there yet. I'm not sure we have a number out there that says we stop at a certain point because we continue to get better at it over time. But there are declining returns the more people you add to it.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Understood. And Mike, what's the cycle time? You get these people in the program, how long does it take before you start to see a meaningful improvement?
Michael McCallister: Some of it happens pretty quickly. It just kind of depends on their status. I mean, some of these folks have 2 or 3 chronic illnesses and are in significantly different states of wellness. And it's just a question of thinking. We start at the top. We get the sickest ones, then we just work our way down. But it's not long term. Actually, you can have a pretty significant impact with these people pretty quickly by intervening and getting ahead of what's going on with their various chronic illnesses. And so it's relatively quick.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I was hoping to sneak in one more. From the standpoint of share of wallet, your Specialty membership has grown pretty significantly. I wondered if you could comment on some of the drivers.
James Bloem: Sure. The Specialty membership is growing in 2 buckets. First, the individual. We're seeing a lot of nice growth on individual, dental and vision, significant growth there. And then on the group side, we're seeing a nice cross selling of dental, vision and workplace voluntary offerings. We acquired a couple of companies a couple of years ago, and it appears like us being able to put all of our benefit packages together and create a unified solution to employers, it's starting to catch some momentum. So we're pleased about that. Thanks for noticing that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald from Citigroup.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: I'd be interested in your expectations for the upcoming Star ratings this fall given the timing of when you made investment, and just how long it takes to move some of those metrics. Should anticipate a more modest improvement this fall with really a bigger improvement coming in fall of 2012? Or can things happen a little bit quicker than that?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. First, let me say without hesitation that we ultimately want to get 5 stars on every plan that we do business in. And I will say that with the program change that occurs, some of what we are getting paid for now happens in periods where we are just focused on this. We are very good at execution at Humana, and we'll ultimately do significantly better. We think we're going to get some modest improvement this next go-around. But you can see from the level of investment spend that we talked about earlier that this is a real area of focus for us because it can provide additional benefits for the seniors that we serve and that's what we think is the most important thing that we do.
Michael McCallister: Let me add to that. Let me just level set everyone on this subject, and I'll try to do it as I visit with you, all, over last year or so. Humana is one of the few companies -- well, maybe the only one that has gone nationwide with a full array of product designs. So I would argue these Star awards are best achieved in really tightly well-managed systems. And if you look at our membership and a number of PPO members we have across the country, a whole level that's wonderful because it's a new benefit. And it's a great thing for the seniors and we've been able to manage that quite well. It's a little harder there to get the Star ratings up because you don't have the same sort of tight-knit position environment. We have to do a little more work. I'm with Jim. I think we're going the 5 everywhere. But we don't look like other people when it comes to the makeup of our membership. So therefore, I see this whole Star opportunity as all upside, and I'm happy with the progress we've made so far. And I think we're going to continue to make very good progress here. But we're going to look different than others for a long time because of being national in scale and having multiple product offerings.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: And then the Commercial business, be interested if you've seen any uptick in interest from employers, say, 100 to 500 lives in terms of converting from the risk product to the ASO product, relative to what you've seen in prior years.
James Murray: This is Jim. I don't think that there's a significant uptick. Periodically, people always or companies will always evaluate whether they want to take the risk of going to a self-funded kind of an offering. I don't think we're seeing anything that would suggest that there's a big shift going on in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson from Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: I was just wondering. As we're thinking about trends and the comments that have been -- and the commentary in the call this morning, what are some of the better forward trend indicators that we should be looking at as sort of the canary in the coal mine for trend? Just how do we think about that and what is -- what have you learned from previous upturns in the past that may carry over to this time?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. I'm assuming you're talking about Commercial trend as opposed to Medicare trend?
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Yes, that's fair.
James Murray: Okay. So what we look through -- look at everyday our base per thousand admissions. We also have a pretty much of an early warning system in terms of pharmacy spend. We get pharmacy spend information on a daily basis, and we can generally see when pharmacy costs are accelerating that it may be a harbinger of an uptick. But again, we haven't seen anything that would suggest that that's occurring as we sit here today.
Michael McCallister: I'd even go further to say I think that Jim is talking about or giving you indications that it's already begun. So we've got a pretty good radar around what's happening at the moment. It doesn't really help you all that much to tell you what's going to happen 6, 8, 9 months down the road. We remain pretty conservative in terms of how we think about that because that's where people have missed it, is being able to pick it out 6 months from now because we're pricing things today for medical costs 18 months into the future. So I think it's important to remain conservative until we can ultimately determine whether this is a permanent state. I don't think it is, so I think we've got the right approach at this time. But in terms of seeing it when it occurs, we can absolutely do that. But that's not quick enough.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then maybe just to switch on the Medicare side, just to confirm the comments earlier around provider reimbursement stability. Is that -- can we assume that with the 2012 bids, you'd be baking in a doc fix into the way you're thinking about underlying trend in that book next year?
James Bloem: That's correct.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then any color you could give us on thinking about potentially PDP conversions into MAPD offerings? Just specifically thinking about the Wal-Mart numbers you have this year, what's that opportunity look like heading into 2012?
James Murray: Obviously, for us, we think it's going to be better because of the growth that we've seen with the Wal-Mart plan. The one thing that I would suggest is that we've also have a Wal-Mart MA offering out there as well, which we think will allow more of a conversion rate than we might have otherwise expected. We, generally -- this past year and the year before, because our PDP membership were shrinking, we were seeing 25 to 30 folks shift from PDP to MA. One of our programs this year will be to have our market point reps specifically speak to some of the Wal-Mart PDP folks to talk to them about the benefits of MA approach and do a needs analysis with those folks. So we expect that we'll see an uptick in that, and that's all baked into some of the growth discussion that we had earlier today.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That was 25% to 30%?
James Murray: 25,000 to 30,000 members per year this past year and last year. And that's in part because our PDP membership had been shrinking. And now we're happy that we've got an additional 800 to 850 for this year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Michael McCallister: Let me wrap it up by saying we had a good quarter. We think '11 is going to be very good, and we've guided to that this morning. Directionally for '12, we like where we are from a Medicare perspective as we've shared with you, and we will have more specificity on the third quarter call once we see what everyone has done. I think we see good progression on our clinical integration work and our data analytical work. And so we're very optimistic about where our business is going. And as usual, I'd like to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call today for making these results possible. With that, thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Michael McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee James Murray - Chief Operating Officer Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc. Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley Thomas Carroll
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2011 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humana's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our first quarter 2011 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook for 2011. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen into both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts.  This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with the virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website.  Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website.  Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you know from our April 26 news release, and as was reaffirmed in our release this morning, Humana recorded earnings of $1.86 per share in the first quarter, well above our previous expectations. Jim Bloem will describe the reasons for this positive result in his remarks. My comments will amplify last week's news release by setting strategic context for our new segment reporting described in detail in that release. The updated segment reporting represents the culmination of our work over the past decade, when aligning our businesses around the customers we serve to create long-term, one-to-one relationships that enable us to offer an increasing variety of products and services, all linked to helping people achieve lifelong well-being. There are 4 strategic considerations that underlie this segment reporting and are reflected in it. First, the primacy of the individual in our business model. No company of our scale and our sector has developed individual relationships to the extent we have. 2/3 of our revenues are in the individual space. It makes us unique in the industry, and we believe, uniquely well positioned in a post-reform environment, where traditional group health insurance faces numerous challenges. Second, the importance of information technology and data analytics to provide individuals, employers and providers with actionable real-time online transparency on cost and quality. The kind of information that explains why buyers are so powerful in the rest of the economy and so powerless in healthcare. Third, a growing emphasis on lifetime customer value, as we substantially expand the volume and variety of our products and services. And finally, the ongoing building of an innovative, integrated, well-being ecosystem that increasingly features personalized wellness and rewards. I'll highlight 2 crucial changes in our realigned segment reporting. The inclusion of Medicare Advantage and standalone PDPs in our new Retail segment is an important manifestation of what I've been saying for some time: that while Medicare is a program partially funded by the government, we treat it as a product that features individual accountability for choosing among a wide variety of benefit and premium choices. This approach has enabled us to create a Medicare value proposition that is extremely attractive to seniors at a time when the senior population is experiencing accelerated growth. As for the new Health and Well-Being segment, while not the largest today, it is projected over time to outpace the growth of our other segments. It includes our rapidly expanding Pharmacy business, our Concentra primary care subsidiary that we acquired late last year and a spectrum of coordinated care and integrated wellness services with vast growth potential in terms of both revenues and product diversity.  The new segments reflect the recently adopted structure for managing our business going forward. Our core businesses of Medicare, TRICARE, Individual Medical, Group Medical and Ancillary and Specialty products will remain the foundation of our revenue model. Consistent with our emerging focus on lifetime customer value and the expansion of cross-buying opportunities for individuals, we will leverage these core assets through vertical integration opportunities close to our core.  Finally, we will explore emerging adjacencies a little further out from our core assets. This is where our M&A activity, increasingly, will focus, along with joint ventures or new products around care-giving services and lifestyle enhancements. The elements of the strategic structure will not operate in isolation. Instead, they will benefit from growing cost-cutting synergies that enable us to operate more efficiently enterprise-wide. These synergies include, but are not limited to, shared physical locations, shared customer relationships, data integration across platforms, cross selling and administrative leverage. I'll now briefly cover 2 first quarter operational highlights before turning the call over to Jim. In TRICARE, we were pleased that the U.S. Department of Defense announced in February the award of the next South Region TRICARE contract to Humana Military Healthcare Services.  Also in February, we announced the launch scheduled for later this year of a joint venture, which we expect will become the centerpiece of our commitment to personalized lifelong well-being. HumanaVitality will capitalize on the evidence-based rewards and loyalty expertise, as well as the actuarial sophistication of Discovery Holdings Ltd., the South Africa-based world leader in the field. A joint venture with Discovery's U.S. subsidiary, HumanaVitality, will offer employers and individuals an integrated comprehensive wellness solution based on customized incentives and personalized health guidance, all designed to drive positive, sustainable behavior change. These and other first quarter successes confirm the increasing efficacy of our well-being growth strategy. We believe we are strategically positioned for success in the post-reform environment and tactically effective in implementing reform's various requirements. Beyond these operational considerations and underpinning many of them, we're pleased that our balance sheet enables us to vigorously pursue our growth agenda.  Our overall confidence in Humana's long-term financial future was evidenced most recently by our announcement last week of a quarterly cash dividend policy, the declaration of a $0.25 per share quarterly dividend to stockholders payable this summer and a fourfold increase in our share repurchase authorization. In addition, as you also saw, we revised our full year 2011 earnings per share guidance to a range of $6.70 to $6.90 per share, up from the previous range of $5.95 to $6.15 per share. In summary, the news in Humana today and last week should send several messages: one, our businesses are strong and producing solid operating results and cash flow; two, our balance sheet strength allows us to begin a more aggressive capital deployment program, while fully supporting the continued execution of our corporate strategy over all; third, our strategic focus on growth coming to the individual space is very timely; and finally, we are prepared and confident we can respond to the challenges presented by the implementation of health insurance reform over the coming years. With that, Jim Bloem will now provide further background for our capital deployment decisions and give an in-depth view of our financial results and projections.
James Bloem: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Looking at the first quarter, we were pleased with our earnings per share of $1.86 versus $1.52 in last year's first quarter. As previously reported, our first quarter 2011 results were favorably impacted by $0.31 per share or $84 million related to prior period development of medical claims costs. For comparison purposes, it should be noted that the first quarter 2010 benefited by $0.37 per share or $100 million for the same reason. The remaining $0.37 per share of first quarter improvement over our previous EPS guidance midpoint of $1.18 was principally due to the following 2 items: first, we continued to see lower medical claims trend levels, primarily, in our Employer Group segment; second, we also experienced a lower than expected benefit ratio in our Medicare Advantage business. Looking further at the year, we raised our 2011 earnings per share guidance by a net $0.44, in addition to the $0.31 of favorable prior period development in the first quarter. As indicated on the slide, we now estimate that our full year 2011 results will include $0.10 per share or $27 million of expense, as our pro rata share of an industry-wide assessment for policy-holder claims against Penn Treaty, an unaffiliated insurance concern now approaching insolvency. Although we do not know exactly when this assessment will occur, we have currently included it in our second half internal forecast. Finally, with respect to the full year 2011, the midpoint of our updated earnings guidance of $6.80 per share also includes the effect of the first quarter items I just described, plus approximately $0.10 per share attributable to the expected increase in our full year membership growth projections for both our Medicare Advantage and standalone PDP businesses, as well as approximately $0.07 per share, primarily, for Commercial trend and Health and Well-Being Services earnings, roughly in equal amounts. Turning next to the Retail segment. Our 2 main positive first quarter changes versus our previous estimates were: First, the lower than expected benefit ratio; and second, the increase in our full year membership expectations for Medicare Advantage and PDP. In terms of claims trend, both our Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses remain in line with our expectations.  The unfavorable first quarter and full year year-over-year pretax and margin percentage comparisons in the Retail segment reflect significantly lower favorable prior period development, as well as the impact of health insurance reform, particularly, the medical loss ratio minimum on our HumanaOne business.  Additionally, it's important to remember that due to its plan design, the PDP product runs a mid-90s benefit ratio in the first quarter of each year, and therefore, the pretax benefit of PDP membership growth is heavily weighted toward the second half of the year. Finally, with respect to the Retail segment, I would note that we are experiencing both membership and revenue growth in every Retail segment business line, including our HumanaOne and Specialty products as indicated in the statistical pages of this morning's press release. Moving on to our Employer Group segment. We continued to experience a favorable trend development during the first quarter. Having said that, we still anticipate that trend will revert to more usual levels this year. Accordingly, we now expect full year overall secular trends in the 7%, plus or minus 50 basis points range for the Employer Group segment.  Additionally, it's important to note that this year, the beneficial effect of lower-than-expected claims trend will be offset to a great degree by a commensurate increase in the expected medical loss ratio rebate, a rule that was not applicable last year. Because of the new minimum MLR requirements, the favorable trend development we saw in our Small Group business in the first quarter will have only limited impact in our full year results. I, also, would remind everyone that Employer Group products typically experience their best performance financially during the first quarter due to the calendar year reset of member deductibles and cost-sharing. Finally, about $21 million of the $27 million of Penn Treaty expense, described a few moments ago, was included in our $143 million of full year pretax income guidance for the Employer Group segment. Turning next to our Health and Well-Being Services segment. We're now providing enhanced visibility into this distinct part of our company's strategy. Each of this segment's service businesses was fully described in our press release of last Tuesday, with revenues disclosed by each of the 4 major service categories in this morning's press release.  The largest part of this segment is our Pharmacy Solutions business, which includes our PBM and our home delivery pharmacy operations. Application of PBM industry accounting principles results in revenue recognition for the prescription drugs used by our members in their medical plans, making this aspect of our business comparable to external PBMs when comparing the revenues and pretax of this segment to the PBM industry. However, the intercompany revenue attributable to pharmacy utilization of our own members is eliminated in consolidation, so that our overall consolidated results remain comparable to our health benefit plan competitors. As shown on the slide, both revenue and pretax earnings are showing significant growth over 2010. This is primarily for 2 reasons: First, the increase in volumes for our PBM and home delivery pharmacy operations are the result of increased Medicare Advantage and PDP membership, as well as increasing same-store home delivery penetration levels. This results in higher revenue and pretax levels for both the first quarter and for the full year; and second, the acquisition of Concentra, which occurred in December of 2010, contributes to our full year 2011 results. Concentra revenues are included as part of primary care services. The final 2 slides give context to the increased share repurchase program, and $0.25 quarterly cash dividend announced last week. Many have asked us one or both of the following 2 questions: first, why are we doing this now and why didn't we do it sooner? And second, won't these 2 items interfere with Humana's ability to make the acquisitions and investments needed to further its strategies to help people achieve lifelong well-being?  The first question centers on timing, while the second involves the availability of financial resources in our capital allocation process. Let's start with timing. Humana's total statutory capital for each year-end, represented by the bars on this slide, grew from $1.2 billion at the end of 2005 to $4.3 billion at the end of 2010. This $3.1 billion increase or over 250%, primarily, was driven by the increases in membership, revenues and income earned annually since 2006.  At the same time, the risk-based capital or RBC requirements of our operating subsidiaries also predictably increased substantially. These state-specific statutory requirements, primarily, are driven by membership revenues and new geographies, each of which include -- increased dramatically, as we expanded from the Medicare HMO model in roughly a dozen metropolitan markets in 8 states to our multiproduct Medicare offerings nationwide.  The blue line on the slide shows our year-end RBC as a percent of the authorized control level capital ratios for the 5-year period, while the red line shows our minimum targeted 400% RBC authorized control level threshold. The 400% RBC threshold is desirable both from the state regulatory standpoint and is compatible with both the financial strength ratings of our various operating subsidiaries, as well as the debt ratings of Humana Inc.  As we continue to grow throughout the 2006 through 2010 period, we prudently and strictly conserved capital in order to continue to annually progress toward attainment of the 400% RBC threshold. As the target shows, at the end of 2010, we surpassed the 400% threshold, making now the time to move forward with the increased repurchase program and the $0.25 per share quarterly cash dividend. We will continue to target above 400% RBC authorized control level as the desired level of aggregate statutory capital and surplus.  Last week, Standard & Poor's recognized our product -- progress with a one-notch upgrade in our debt rating to BBB, citing, among other things, strong financial flexibility. This final slide summarizes the availability of financial resources in order to demonstrate that our increased share repurchase program and cash dividend do not interfere with our ability to further implement Humana's strategy. From the standpoint of available financial resources, we have 3 non-equity sources: first, parent cash and investments; second, our $1 billion bank credit facility; and three, our historically low current debt-to-total-capitalization ratio.  With respect to parent cash, we expect to receive $1,075,000,000 in 2011 dividends remitted from our operating subsidiaries to Humana Inc. by June 30. This amount compares with $747 million in 2010 and will enhance our March 31, 2011, parent cash and investment balance of $367.8 million. In addition, our $1 billion bank credit facility remains undrawn as it has been since mid-2009.  And finally, our current 18.7% debt-to-cap ratio gives us additional borrowing capacity in debt capital markets. We continue to target a debt-to-total-capitalization ratio of 25% to 30%, which is consistent with our debt ratings. Together, these 3 components give us substantial non-equity financial resources should the right opportunity or combination of opportunities arise.  Finally, with respect to our capital allocation process, in addition to our newly established quarterly dividend and a more robust share repurchase program, we expect to continue to constantly review strategically important potential acquisitions and investments, as well as capital projects, both with returns that raise the enterprise value of Humana by exceeding our weighted average cost of capital, which currently is 9.3%. Thus, the capital allocation process used for the last 10 years, including the high opportunity of rapid growth 5-year period we just successfully completed remains intact and is now enhanced by our share repurchase and dividend plans.  With that, we'll open the phone lines for questions. We request that each caller ask only 2 questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays Capital.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: I have a timing question as well. I guess, just talking a little about the segment reporting. And I know, Mike, you mentioned this is sort of the culmination of a decade of work that you guys have been putting together. But I'm just curious, what was the catalyst to do this in the first quarter of 2011?
Michael McCallister: Well, Jim can have this. But I think the Concentra acquisition really sort of put the whole idea of the -- on the front burner, because it was not going to fit into our segments at all. And we were going to have to make some change to be able to do that. And so I think that began to get the ball rolling.
James Bloem: And I think also, Josh, if you go back to Investor Day last November 18, we began to show you the rainbow chart that was in Mike's script. And again, when we did the Concentra acquisition later in December, then we said, "Hey, we're going to really move to do this in the first quarter." It's the easiest to do in the first quarter, also, just for comparability. But also, we really began the year by beginning to think about managing the business, again, from the standpoint of who buys the product, what customer are we focused on, not who is the plan sponsor or what is the product that we're talking about.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay. I got you. And then second, you guys talked about it on the call, but also in the press release, you mentioned that the strong results are allowing you to begin a more aggressive capital deployment program. So should we read into it that the share repurchase and the dividends, or should we think about, going forward, you're now going to be more aggressive on M&A and things like that?
James Bloem: I think that what we are trying to show here is that we have a more balanced approach. That this is -- we've now come, as I mentioned in my remarks, to the point where we've got the adequate RBC thresholds for both our subsidiary financial-strength ratings and our parent-debt ratings that we've wanted for a long time. And that because of our growth and our increasing geography, we're -- eluded us, basically, over the 4 years prior to last year. So now we have the ability, really, to do both, Josh. We, basically, can look at acquisitions and investments that further the strategy, and also, we're able to make these commitments to the shareholders in terms of a more robust share repurchase program and the cash dividend.
Michael McCallister: There's been no change in attitude relative to M&A. We've done those things that make sense when we had opportunities, and we'll continue to do that.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: So Mike, you said there's no change in attitude, but there's a change in ability, I guess, is that the way to think about it?
Michael McCallister: Well, we've always had borrowing capacity and could have done things. I mean, I think, that the overall strength of the company is quite obvious. And the fact that we can do the capital deployment on dividends and the share buybacks and not have to worry about the ability to execute on the rest of our strategy, I think, is a real sign of strength.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from UBS. And your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I was hoping you could provide us some more color on the utilization levels as far as what that meant for bed days, if it was more pronounced than any certain products or geographies. And if there's been any incremental uptick in the last 2 months trending differently from the first 2 months of the year.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. The utilization that we're seeing in the first quarter of 2011 for the Group business, that we had the separate segment for this year, seems to be mirroring that, which we saw in 2010. But for purposes of projecting the rest of the year, we anticipate that, that utilization will revert to levels that we saw prior to 2010, therefore, our guidance points. The Medicare utilization seems to be very consistent. 2009, '10 and '11, we don't see significant ups or downs in the Medicare business. So primarily, the Group business seems to be performing better than we had anticipated, and we'll see how the rest of the year plays out.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Got it. And what margins does your guidance assume on the MA business now?
James Murray: We've always talked about 5% margins in our Medicare business, and we're probably going to stick to that for as far as we can see.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And that's inclusive of the first quarter utilization levels and prior period development still?
James Murray: That's correct.
James Bloem: Yes. They were in line with -- our utilization levels and our claims trend in Medicare were in line with our prior expectations. What was better was our membership.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom Carroll from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Thomas Carroll: First of all, in thinking about the decline in the Retail segment income, which had a greater impact, the MLR minimums on your HumanaOne business or perhaps the lower margin mix of the standalone PDP products?
James Bloem: The biggest one -- the biggest reason for the decline is the lower -- is the lack of favorable development. So remember, always remember that first. Then when you look at the other things, they're pretty much in line with what we had thought before. But again, looking at our first quarter performance, year-over-year, it's basically, an issue of whether or not the favorable development is basically the entire difference.
Thomas Carroll: So PDP is the big -- I'll just have to look at that again. And then secondly, just given your enhanced liquidity that you've described to us this morning, on the M&A side, maybe give us an update on your thinking about what businesses or industry direction you may add to, going forward, especially given the segmented Health and Well-Being group right now.
Michael McCallister: Well, I mean, we would obviously be in the market for Medicare lives, to the extent that they come with an infrastructure management. We've said that for a long time. So Medicare Advantage would be something we'd be interested in. PDP as well, we'd also be interested. I've mentioned it in the past. I think at the end of the day, we're going to find ourselves in some home healthcare services, and it could be both traditional home healthcare, after-hospitalization type of care, as well as some business around helping people stay at home, those sort of things. So those emerging adjacencies around seniors and everything that goes with that. So those are sort of what are thoughts are.
Thomas Carroll: So adding around the core MA PDP business is still your number one priority?
Michael McCallister: Yes, I'm not sure that's number one. Its hard to find those opportunities, but when we do find them, we're pretty aggressive in terms of pursuing them. So I think, we have clear strategy, it's well laid out, and we're going to look in every space. And we don't drive the timing of those things, unfortunately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady from Crdit Suisse.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: I just wanted to ask you to elaborate a little bit when you talked about the highly competitive environment for both the risk in ASO Group Commercial business.
James Murray: Yes. This is Jim Murray. The HumanaOne that's in the Retail segment and the Small Group, which is in the Group segment seemed to be performing very nicely in 2011, kind of a carryover from what we saw at the tail-end of 2010. Where we're seeing some competitive pressure is in case sizes that we here at Humana call portfolio, which is 100 to 300 employees, seems to get a little bit aggressive in terms of pricing from some of the competition. No one in particular. The self-funded business seems to be on periodic cases, which are very large, you'll see some unusual guarantees that would be a part of some of our competitors' equation. When we see those, we don't generally try to chase those, because we don't think those make a lot of sense. So from our perspective, what appears is like happening is that some of the larger players, national players, are getting a little bit more aggressive in terms of the pricing on the larger stuff.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: Got it. Can I ask for your comment on a couple other trends that I wonder if you're also seeing. One, in that portfolio, or the 100 to 300 business, is some of what you're characterizing as price competition really a shift to a self-funding-type arrangement in that end market?
James Murray: We've heard about one of our competitors buying a block of business that had that kind of characteristic. I'm not certain that I'm seeing that significantly. So I haven't seen that begin to develop in the marketplace yet, although that's something that is intriguing because of, some of you know the rules around healthcare reform allow a bit of a opening there that we're also looking at. But I haven't seen that begin to develop yet.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: Got it. And then finally, the other thing to clarify, on the price -- on the competitive environment, is there an increased focus on the part of your larger customers on -- the ASO customers on the total cost of care? Are they increasingly looking at things like your network discounts or ability to manage trend and factoring that into the equation?
James Murray: That's always been a part of the equation. That's a real, I don't want to say art or science. It gets a little bit crazy, when you have an outside consultant, who becomes part of the process. And some outside consultants don't have the ability, in my opinion, to evaluate claim cost trends, if they don't do a very detailed job. So hopefully, all of our customers in that space will look at the total cost of care, as the way to look at this. Years ago, we saw where procurement departments focused on the fees that were related to this, the administrative costs. That seems to be going away, and companies are looking more at the total cost. One of the things that they don't continue to do, unfortunately, is look at the whole package, where some will carve out behavioral or disease management or pharmacy. What we would love customers to do is to look at the entire bundle of products and services that we can bring to the equation. We haven't seen that develop yet, but that would be something that would be intelligent for larger companies to begin to think about.
Michael McCallister: Charles, let me add something at 50,000 feet for a second, because it has something to do with our strategy. I think, the days of these big companies being able to work around benefits and find -- try to find discounted networks, and then try to win on messing around with an annual bid for services is -- that game is kind of over, and so then we'll work around the edges. But I can tell you, it's becoming highly obvious to most of them at this point that they're going to actually have do something about the health status of their employees, if they're ever going to get control of this because just working on the insurance side is not effective. So it's one of the reasons we are pretty excited about, frankly, getting into these work-site clinics and getting involved with HumanaVitality and Health and Wellness programs, because I think there's a wave coming and these employers are going to have to turn to something else besides trying to get the insurance companies to compete with each other to solve their problems.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Two quick questions. First, on Concentra, can you talk about -- identify what these integration costs that you're looking at there this year and maybe just kind of give us some color on what you expect the long-term net income margins might be in that business versus kind of the low single-digit margins that were implied in the 2011 guidance?
James Bloem: Yes, Justin, Jim Bloem. In looking at Concentra, one of the things that was very important to us is that we continue to do the business and that they continued to build the business that we bought from them. And then we have the strategic emphasis that we have, with respect to what Mike said about Concentra, that is, we can do a lot more with our members. We have 3 million members that live within 7 miles, et cetera. We've got lots of ability to do our members. But in terms of synergies or knocking down costs or integration costs with Concentra, there's probably not as many as you would think, because, again, we have that $800 million or a little less of core business that they did that are kinds of businesses that we weren't in before. And we're working very hard to preserve that, and to continue to enhance that. And so the real costs are really sort of building out ours. And we're doing that any in a more gradual and nuanced fashion in order to, again, begin to take their capabilities and make them into our capabilities and then do that in places where, again, we have concentrated membership.
James Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. I would suggest that we don't have any significant costs whatsoever. In fact, we're looking more at opportunities as the 2 companies get together. We had a meeting about 2 or so months ago where about 40 people got in a room, and we came up with 57 ideas, which we cut down to 15, because we wanted to make sure we were very targeted and effective, things like urgent care steerage are things that were taught. Mike referenced the work-site product being linked with Vitality. We think that there's a real opportunity there. Corporate relationships, we've obviously got a lot of relationships with a lot of companies because of what we've been selling as do they because of their workers compensation and occupational medicine relationships. So we're in the process of putting customer lists together. There are some opportunities in our Humana Military to do some business between Humana Military and Concentra. Procurement, a lot of the things that they buy, we buy, and so what can we do in terms of combined buying power. And then finally, and most importantly, the sole area around primary care. They have 700 docs on staff, and there's been a lot of talk about ACOs and things of that nature. And there, being a platform for that opportunity for us, is something that really excites us going forward.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. So to be clear, the return on investment, if I just measure net income, the value [indiscernible] of low single digits and then [indiscernible]. You don't expect that to improve on a standalone basis? I mean, x synergies and trying to build this into your own business? You don't expect any improvement there in '12?
James Bloem: Yes, we do. We're not guiding to '12 right now, but yes, it will continue to get better, because again, as we both said, to enhance their capabilities and to have them continue to do what they've been doing before we bought them, you get the benefit of both of those. There's no retardation or there's no diminishment because we're going to try to switch them over which is what some people have thought prior to our discussion of it.
James Murray: You sound just like our Board of Directors, and believe me, we have a pretty wholesome plan going forward to make the numbers that you're asking about work.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, great. And then just last question on capital. You put in an interesting slide that talked about your RBC ratio kind of now trending up above 400%. Can you give us an idea, it looks like you kept some -- you didnt dividend up everything you could have this year, because you wanted to build some -- go above that 400% range for 2011. Is that correct?
James Bloem: Actually, we always dividend. Every one of those years in there, we dividend as much as we could. But again, because of the growth that we had, particularly, the first 3 years, we had -- it's not on the slide, because you can't put everything on the slide. But the debt to capital of the company just 2 years ago was over 30% because of the borrowings and things that we had to do in addition to leaving the money there and having smaller dividends. And so this year, we weren't as encumbered. But every year, commensurate with what we think the requirements of the state and our credit ratings and the care and feeding of our insurance subsidiaries, our regulated subsidiaries, we dividend as much we could.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. But you don't expect that 400 -- that RBC ratio to need to increase beyond where it is right now?
James Bloem: No, I don't. I'm sorry, yes, that's exactly what I was trying to say in my remarks. Now that we're between, let's say, 440% and 450% we feel very comfortable. And again, as the slide shows, the blue line, you can see there was a certain discomfort for the 4 or 5 years before.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And so, will we expect that dividends coming from the subsidiaries as a percentage of net income would increase, because you don't need to increase RBC? Or am I not thinking about that correctly?
James Bloem: I think that the best proxy are the earnings of the company in the preceding year, now that we're at the 440%. So this is the best year we ever had, 2010. So this is the highest dividend we've ever taken.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Question about if you can give us any update on the ongoing discussion over the RADV regulations. Do you have any idea on timing there, or the process or how that -- any better idea of how that may impact you?
Michael McCallister: There's no update now. Basically, they did receive a lot of comments when they asked for them. You saw what they said publicly, but there's nothing new at this point.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Circling back to another topic, when you referenced the unusual guarantees on some of the self-funded contracts, is that -- are you seeing that from multiple carriers or not that you'll highlight the name, but is there one in particular? I'm just curious, because a few years ago, we had seen that it, I think it was one carrier in particular. And I'm just wondering how that's playing out this time.
James Murray: Periodically, we'll see a company guarantee claim costs, which changes an ASO contract to a fully insured contract, and that's the game that we won't play. And I can't tell you that there's any one in particular. Periodically, one of our large cases will get a bit of a surprise with some of what we hear the competitors' willing to do. But I don't see anybody in particular doing that broad-based.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And lastly, can you talk a little bit about what you've done with the HumanaOne product, with regard to managing the level of price versus expected rebate liability or maybe terminating some product offerings if you've done that in response to the new regulations?
James Murray: Sure. You all are very familiar that our medical expense ratio on the HumanaOne product was below where the current minimum is sitting. So after we adjusted for the benefit changes that were a part of healthcare reform and after we did some things around trend, we've looked at where we were going to be as a company in 2011 and 2012. And we began to change our pricing to reflect a rebate level that we thought was reasonable and prudent. We didn't want to write significant rebates, but we did want to write some amount of a rebate check. And so our pricing over the last several months has gotten nicely competitive. We are seeing some nice growth on HumanaOne. As we look forward, what we would expect is that HumanaOne will continue to grow. When we step back and think about where HumanaOne sits in our family of products, right now, in 2011, we expect that we'll come close to breaking even. And as we continue to work on our administrative cost structure around HumanaOne, given some of the things that we've had to do because of the minimum medical expense ratio, we say that over the next couple of years, that we can take the medical margins to a number that's reasonable. And our strategy as a company is to create a relationship with those members and sell them all other kinds of products and services, and you see our success in that, in some of the stat sheets that were given. We don't think that the HumanaOnes or the Small Groups or the large group Commercial products long term that the medical piece of that will be significantly profitable. And that's why you've seen us do a lot around Specialty and Ancillary lines. And some of the things Mike talked earlier with, the work site and the rewards and wellness capabilities as an opportunity to make more of a lifetime profit from those members that we have relationships with. That's probably more than you asked for, I apologize.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg from Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I don't want to get too far beyond 2011, but can you give us a sense for how the final MA rates shaped up relative to Humana's expectations? And if possible, give us a sense for maybe Humana's specific average rate change in 2012, or a sense whether it would be above or below what the industry average will be?
James Murray: We've had 2 of our regions in doing their 2012 bids. The other 2 are in this week and next. And based upon what we received from the government and the success of the 15 percent Solution, we feel pretty good about what we've seen so far in the first 2 regions. And we think that one of the things we learned this past year with the nice growth and retention that we saw is that stability in terms of premiums and benefits is well received by the seniors that we serve, and that's going to be our philosophical goal going forward. And we think that a lot of the things that we're working on as an organization, particularly, around the 15 percent Solution, allow us to create that stability. And so we're pleased so far. And as we look at some of the 2 regions that are coming in, we don't anticipate any significant market problems to make our pricing and benefits nicely stable again in 2012.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. And then just on your guidance for this year, specifically. There's nothing specific that's worth highlighting on the MA enrollment decline relative to where you ended the first quarter. Is that just conservatism at this point?
James Murray: We've got some premiums out there with some of the members who are low-income subsidy members, and we're wanting to make sure that those premium levels are acceptable for those members. And we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. We haven't seen anything yet that would suggest that we won't get those premiums from the members collected. But we're just being cautious.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I had a longer-term question. You referred to the ACOs, and how you're excited about them. Can you comment on after you've seen the CMS rule, what your beliefs are about future penetration for Medicare Advantage? It's about 25% now. Is your growth strategy, you think, likely more from just the pie growing more, or do you see more shifting or more penetration into the private plans? And then just associated with that, how do you see your product in the MA value proposition competing with this service Medicare in the ACO on moderating cost trends?
Michael McCallister: Well, the ACO rules that came out were rather lengthy, and so that kind of a complicated environment. So we'll have to wait and see whether the providers respond to that. I think that our history has been pretty clear. I mean, there's been things out there for a long time that look an awful lot like ACOs, and we do business with them. Theres integrated systems, there's PCP-based system, there's hospital-based systems. So we have a lot of relationships with folks that are in the business of being paid in a capitated way, seeking out productivity in medical spend and doing better by doing so. So the basic principle behind this is not new. I think, we will have opportunities to work with some of these to the extent that they are ready to step into that environment. But I think the level to which providers are going to step in is really uncertain. Actually, I've never seen quite so much hype about something, frankly as I have about ACOs. The consultants are doing well in this business, but I don't know at the end of the day whether the providers are actually going to step in here. Based on the math, I'm not sure there's enough upside in there for them. Theyre probably much better off working with a private Medicare Advantage plan, if they really want to work in the space. So we're prepared to go in any direction. We've had meetings with some of these folks that are talking about getting into this business. And we've referred them to others that we do business with, in a similar fashion. So we're in the middle of it, we're keeping an eye on it. I think there's more upside here than anything for us as a company. I think it's real uncertain how big this is going to be.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And then related to that, you also made a comment about Concentra and how excited you are about the ACO thing. Do you see Concentra as being, primarily, a Commercial play and work-site clinics and all of that? Or do you see that going over time, becoming something you leverage into ensuring the supply chain remains competitive for the MA product?
Michael McCallister: Now we can spend a couple of hours on all the implications of Concentra to Humana. I would say that it's going to be doing a little bit of all of it. I mean, it has a real future in helping us with our Medicare business. Clearly, there's going to be a demand for a lot of services, for a lot of newly insured people over the next few years. So just the primary care capacity opportunity is good. And so we'll see. I love the fact that they're big into the work-site clinics space, because it's a different relationship with employers. It gives us an opportunity around health and wellness. So they're going to have multiple facets to their platform, and that's exactly how we think about it, and that's how we spoke about it when we made the acquisition. This is a platform to allow us to respond to needs in a number of places, and the future around Medicare is going to be good with this organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald from Citigroup.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: I was interested in an update in terms of what you're seeing in the Medicare M&A environment. Any changes? And certainly, you've seen, or at least sounds like more interest from some of the larger plans in getting into the business, maybe more interested from a seller perspectives or how they are thinking at this point.
Michael McCallister: Well, I don't know that I've seen any real change here. These plans come up periodically. If you look at a place like Florida, there's new plans that open up every year in Medicare. And some of them make it, some of this don't. Those that don't call us. And if you look at around the country, there's others. I wouldn't be shocked by some of our competitors looking to buy their way into the Medicare space. I've said all along it's hard to get in at this point organically and the timing is tough. So I think that when these opportunities pop up, I'm sure there's going to be competition for those properties, and we'll see how that goes. I think we're a great place for M&A -- or for Medicare plans to make a home and our history would say that we get chosen a lot in these processes. So I feel pretty good about our opportunity to buy things. I think it will be more competitive, and I think others are going to realize that they're going to need to be in this space, and this is one way for them to get there.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: Just in terms of the type of prices that are being asked, has that changed or the -- whether you're looking at price per member or whatever metric you're looking at, is the acquisition prices going up?
Michael McCallister: To me, if you've seen one deal, you've seen one deal. It just depends on how big it is, where it is, whether it represents a tuck in or whether it represents a new market entry. There's a lot of implications around how things get priced. And so I don't think there's any rule of thumb you could really hold to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies & Co.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thinking about your benefit expense ratio in the Retail segment and the mix of business there. I guess, I'm thinking long-term, or my question is around your long-term views of your ability to manage that benefit expense ratio down to the floor or close to the floor once all the pieces of that segment are subject to a floor. Just wondering your thoughts about that in light of rate increases and all the implications.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. The 15 percent Solution that we've talked about in the past would give me comfort that we'll have the ability to manage the medical expense ratio in line with the minimums that go into place, I believe, seeing as it relates to the Medicare Advantage business. As respects the HumanaOne piece that's included in the Retail segment, we're seeing some ability currently to manage that in line with the minimum medical expense ratio. So I feel comfortable that we'll be able to make a small single-digit margin in a couple of years as we, as I said earlier, manage down the administrative cost structure. Key to all of the Retail segment is the ability to create a relationship with an individual and cross-sell a lot of different products and services, which will allow us the ability to enhance the margins that we enjoy away from the medical margins that we just discussed. And so that's all an integral part of our strategy, creating a base or a core and a relationship with that individual around a medical product. And then enhancing our ability to cross-sell new products and services into that individual going forward.
Michael McCallister: I would add to that, Dave, let's just talk about Medicare for a second. I mean, if the question is, can we run our 5% target profit and live with an 85% benefit ratio? The answer is yes, we think we can do that.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess, implicit in the question is can you run better than that if these adjustments allow that floor to really be 83% or 82.5%? Can you push that envelope?
Michael McCallister: We're not looking to have a margin higher than that. So even if we did, we would turn it, put it right back into products
James Murray: Correct.
Michael McCallister: In terms of benefits or premiums. So it would potentially help us grow because we have more -- stronger value proposition.
James Murray: And the other thing that happens when you grow is that your administrative efficiency continues to get better and better. And so it just really feeds on itself.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Certainly. So second question real quickly, you've commented -- I think Jim Bloem commented that claims experienced so far in the year was pretty much in line with expectations. In the PDP business, I'm wondering if you could drill down a level and comment on whether the claims experience is consistent within each of the types of products, so consistent in Wal-Mart and then the others.
James Murray: The results that we're seeing on the claims line for each of the individual products, the Wal-Mart plan, the enhanced plan and the complete plan are very much in line with what we had expected. We're very excited and happy with how each of those lines of business is playing out. And we find ourselves nicely positioned for 2012.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just curious about the intercompany transfers and the eliminations. And were there any changes between last year and this year? And how did that business go, or that elimination go from a $7 million loss to a $9 million gain? Obviously, I can see the interest income and interest expense and DNA. But this was above like $10 million of corporate cuts, or what else was in there?
James Bloem: Yes, Peter, that's generally it. The difference is, basically, the interest expense now all appears in the Corporate and Eliminations section and the rest of it is basically shareholder-type expenses and other things that add up to the -- to whatever the difference is. But again, we didn't feel it was really meaningful to highlight it any further. And just basically to take a look then at the interest, the investment income is allocated to the segments based on their capital requirements. And there's an amount that comes over, as you can see, into the consolidated line, into the corporate and others as well.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I can see that. I was more looking about the transfer prices for the other parts, the intercompany transfers there. Did you change those between years, or did that stay consistent?
James Bloem: No, those are consistent. It's just a matter of, again, trying to show more transparency around the different segments by the customer who buys the product and not the sponsor or the product itself.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson from Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Mike, just building on your comments earlier, as you think about the evolution of health coverage, and as employers step back and think about how they want to be positioned in 2014, do you have any early thoughts as to how primary care may evolve if we do move more retail? Maybe just kind of connect the dots back to your Concentra comments, but just trying to think through, do you expect to see employers move to more of a situation, where they essentially carve out the benefit, and employees are picking up the tab, but the employers are negotiating the structure? And just how do you see that dynamic working out?
Michael McCallister: Yes, I've been saying for a while that I think these exchanges are going to have more business in it than a lot of people think. And I think employers will step forward in some ways and move to sort of a defined contribution environment. On the primary care side, I think some directional things are pretty clear, at this point. I mean, it's true that if you suddenly had 30 million people out trying to find primary care, they'd have trouble getting access. So I think were going to see continued growth of extenders, nurse practitioners, other lower-tiered providers of sorts filling in some of the routine care. So we've seen that with the small clinics and pharmacies and all that sort of thing. So I think, high-volume demand for PCPs, and I think directionally, you're going to see extensions of all sorts. Whether we have a true shortage long term, I don't know, because I don't know what new technologies and other capabilities are going to come along that would somehow drive demand in one direction or another. But Concentra is beautifully positioned for us to respond to wherever this goes.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And then just thinking about some of the comments you made earlier about the M&A pipeline, I mean, you obviously felt confident. You put up the dividend, raised buybacks. Any read through to what that means for the M&A pipeline? Is it -- you don't think that's maybe a 2011 type event, but you expect to see stuff coming down the pike a little further down the line?
Michael McCallister: No, not at all. I think we have the capacity to do all of it. And Jim outlined our debt capacity that's out there still. We got line the credit that has not been tapped. I mean we have plenty of flexibility. And I would not have done the capital deployment move we have done, if I thought it was going to, in any way, affect our ability to execute on the rest.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then if I can sneak one last one in. We're seeing some change, obviously, to the distribution side; you have the shorter MA selling season and then the broker commission model change this year with the new rules. Is this kind of a one step process that in 2011 distribution shifted, or is this something that you think will be more evolutionary that plays out again in '12 and '13 as the market evolves?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. There's a lot of changes that are going on in distribution right now. And we're in the process of trying to figure out where the puck is headed, things like strategic alliances. The career shop that we have known and loved with our market point associates, we think that, that's a real opportunity to cross sell a lot of products. You referenced the shortening of the MA selling season and the PDP selling season. We're in the process of identifying products to allow those individuals who support us during the open enrollment to sell throughout the course of the year. And so you're seeing some of the positive effect of that in our retail growth results. Call centers, digital sponsorships, associations, affiliating with payroll companies, there's other things, branding relationships. We're in the process of trying to step back and say, "Okay, how have we sold in the past and how do we see this thing migrating over time?" And we're making nice incremental steps to reposition the way that we sell business going forward. It's probably going to take place over the next several years. But we still have a strong broker network and relationship that serves us very well. I just see there's going to be other ways to sell business going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold from Cowen and Company.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: I just wanted to clarify. Does your guidance contemplate a 5% Medicare margin, or have you incorporated the better than expected results? Because I know you're kind of over 6% last year.
James Bloem: Right. Christine, still, right now, we're at a 5% operating pretax margin.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: And is it safe to say you were over that in the first quarter?
James Bloem: Yes, we were slightly over that. But again, we continue to work very hard on delivering through the 15 percent Solution, the enhancement to the 5% throughout the year. And until that shows up, we generally don't recognize it, because, again, we need to earn that. Our bids, which are just, for this year -- which were just, we're now into May, we'll talk about during the year. But if you look at our pattern of earnings guidance through the year, this is very consistent with what we've done in the past. And then again, people can see how the 15 percent Solution is working. And all the questions we've had today before this, again, come back to the fact that we've run the company really on an 85, 10 and 5 model for a long time. And again, we're going to continue to do that.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And then as we think forward to the exchanges, you talked a little bit about having this individual presence and how post reform that's a good thing. Do you feel that you need to have a presence in Medicaid because some of these exchanges may look more like Medicaid than Commercial in some of the markets or not? How are you thinking about Medicaid, long term?
James Bloem: We continue to look at it. You know it's never been one of my favorite lines of business. But there's issues relative to dual eligibles, where you've Medicaid overlapping with Medicare. We're constantly looking at that. The whole analysis of what's happening -- going to happen in those exchanges is still underway and how we are going to respond to that. So I think the answer to all that is, are we rushing out to jump into the Medicaid business? Not so much, but we're definitely keeping an eye on it both from the standpoint of the exchanges and the individual relationships, as well as dual eligibles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I wanted to go back to your commentary about the change in disclosure policy. I mean, certainly more information around Concentra is warranted. But can you just talk a little bit more about the thought process behind the other changes? I mean, I guess, when you think about -- do you think there's going to be a very different growth trajectory as the Retail business versus the Group business? Is that part of really what you're trying to underscore here? Or is that, it's more important to think about the company as Retail versus Group than it is, Commercial versus Medicare? I mean, I guess, I'm trying to understand, because historically, I've always thought about Medicaid business as a business, with a 5% margin, and now you're kind of breaking it up, and I just want to understand how you're thinking about that, going forward?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. Just to add some thoughts on a part of our deliberations. When we think about -- to your example just there, the Medicare business has the individual sales that we make on a retail basis. And we do that across the table with our market point reps. And it also includes the Group Medicare business, which we sell to companies. And so for us, having a relationship with a company allows us to sell not only Medical products and Specialty products, but also the Group Medicare products. Mike referenced earlier the Vitality and the Concentra product that we're going to be rolling out here shortly. And relationships with companies will allow us to sell all of those as a bundle. And so a part of this decision was about how we align or organize our management of these different businesses and the end customer and getting closer to the customer as opposed to being closer to a particular product. So that was a big part of what we contemplated when we made these changes.
Michael McCallister: I think the biggest piece is this idea around the individual. I mean this company has more going on with individuals as one-on-one customers than I think anybody in our space. And so I don't think that was clear the way we used to report the company. And I think by doing it this way, it's pretty clear and it will be easier for you to see what's going on, relative to the businesses that we think the future is all about, as well as getting some clarity around some of these support businesses we have such as the PBM activity. That had been buried in the company for a long time, and I think making it visible lets people understand better what we're doing.
James Murray: To add to Mike's comments, not that they need to be added to. But when you all came in, in November and we had our investor conference, for years and years, we have always included the Pharmacy business in Commercial, and we just think it's time that people get an opportunity to see what might happen with this Pharmacy business. And you can see that playing out with the guidance and the year-over-year improvement in the Health and Well-Being Services. A lot of that is because of what's happening with the Pharmacy operation. And we just think it's better for you guys to think about it that way, as opposed to burying it in Commercial results.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, maybe, to that end, do you have any thoughts about the long-term growth rate of those different business lines or the target margins on those different lines as they evolve?
James Bloem: Well, I won't use rate, but Medicare is going to continue to grow in the company and so is the individual business, barring something desperately wrong with the exchange environment. So that's going to -- clearly, going to be a growth sector for us. And then I think the Health and Well-Being space is going to grow faster. And I think one of the reasons it's going to be interesting to watch the group health insurance is that it didn't get to do much. And I think we're, in some ways, pretty reflective of what the industry's going to like in that segment. So I think it's important for you all to see and for us to be able to highlight and focus on those things that we know we're spending our energy and time and our growth efforts around. And I just think it's better clarity for everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Q&A session. I turn the call back over to Mr. McCallister.
Michael McCallister: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I would characterize the quarter as a really good start to the year. I think the company benefits around a clear strategy at this point. We were pleased to be able to do the capital deployment moves we've announced.  And then lastly, I would like to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call for making Humana a better company every quarter. We'll see you next time around. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Michael McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee James Murray - Chief Operating Officer Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc. Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc. John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC Thomas Carroll Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Regina Nethery: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humana's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our fourth quarter 2010 and full year 2010 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook for 2011. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts.  This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website.  Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all available on Humana's Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana announced fourth quarter earnings of $0.63 per share, in line with our most recent guidance. Our underlying operating results were very strong during the quarter. Excluding the $1.02 per share in incremental fourth quarter expenses highlighted in this morning's press release, this quarter results were actually up compared to the fourth quarter of 2009.  Our full year 2010 earnings per share of $6.47, in line with our previous guidance, reflects the strength of our businesses and was driven by our Medicare membership growth, our disciplined pricing, continued focus on our 15 percent Solution, our administrative cost reduction initiatives and the benefit of unusually low medical cost trends. The fourth quarter expenses that were not included in our prior guidance were the strengthening of our long-term Care reserves, the contribution to The Humana Foundation and transaction costs associated with our acquisition of Concentra in December. Additionally, the quarter included incremental investment spending for the 2011 Medicare enrollment season that we have discussed in previous calls. Jim Bloem will provide more color around each of these items in his remarks. In the just-completed Medicare enrollment season, our net sales for both Medicare Advantage and standalone PDP offerings were better than we had previously projected, and our commercial operations continue to improve as well. Accordingly, we have raised our 2011 EPS guidance this morning to a range of $5.70 to $5.90 from our previous range of $5.45 to $5.65. My remarks today will focus primarily on the 2011 Medicare open enrollment season, our continued progress in improving seniors' health outcomes through our Medicare clinical initiatives and our strategic acquisition of Concentra at the end of 2010. But first, I'll briefly touch on the topic of interest to many of you, the risk adjustment data validation or RADV Medicare audits. Just this past week, CMS issued a statement that it was thoroughly evaluating all comments received on its proposed methodology, and based on that input, it anticipates making changes before issuing the final RADV audit methodology. As we noted in our comment later to them on this matter, we believe the proposed methodology is incorrect. We hope CMS' statement is indicative of substantive changes forthcoming to ensure Medicare Advantage payment models are actually sound. A lack of substantive changes to the proposed methodology would, we believe, jeopardize the program itself and disrupt coverage for the 12 million seniors in Medicare Advantage Plans across the nation. For their part, seniors continue to depend on the value proposition our Medicare plans offer, as evidenced by our recent sales results. Starting with Medicare Advantage, while we had previously projected 2011 to grow by 60,000 to 65,000 net new members, we now estimate net growth of 90,000 to 110,000 members. Both gross sales and member retention exceeded our expectations. By developing robust networks in multiple areas of the country over the past few years, we made it possible for many of our Private Fee-for-Service members to transition automatically and seamlessly to network-based products. Further, for the 115,000 Humana Private Fee-for-Service members who needed to actively enroll in an HMO or PPO offering for 2011, we experienced a higher-than-forecast number who chose network offerings during the 2011 enrollment season. As for standalone PDP offerings, our innovative Humana-Walmart Plan drew a great deal of interest and sales significantly exceeded our expectations. Weve recently evaluated the geographic distribution of the membership in this nationwide premium plan, as well as pharmacy claims dated through first month of the year. These are in line with our expectations for the Humana-Walmart offering. Gross PDP sales, particularly for the Humana-Walmart Plan, together with an increase in auto assigned membership resulted in us raising guidance for standalone PDP membership growth to a range of 525,000 to 575,000 net new members during 2011 versus our previous guidance of an increase of 325,000 to 375,000. It should be noted that our Medicare sales results were achieved against the background of our annual Medicare margin reset overall. As in the past, we believe it to be prudent policy to target a 5% margin, longer term. Hence, to the extent we exceed our longer-term goal, we in turn pass that incremental margin back to our Medicare members in the form of lower premiums and/or richer benefits.  Just as importantly, we will continue to strive diligently in the interest of our members to improve outcomes while lowering costs for them, for the company and for the country. It's no exaggeration to say for the country, whatever else it might have done or will do, last years health insurance reform debate put the spotlight on the fact that the nation's rising health care costs, especially in Medicare, and the growing incidence of expensive and largely preventable chronic diseases such as diabetes, is unsustainable. Unless consumers are engaged in their health and most companies like ours with a track record of success and consumer engagement continue to offer attractive programs that make healthy things fun and fun things healthy and at lower costs, the crisis will soon be upon us.  We're doing what we can to mitigate such a crisis and for our own members seeing very good results. On the most basic level, favorable comparisons versus traditional Fee-for-Service Medicare and such important measures as hospital admissions, readmissions and emergency reviews, which I've shared with you the past, are the result of an integrated program of member- and physician-focused services that simply does not exist in original Medicare. We believe that the consequence is better health outcomes and quality life for our members along with lower costs compared with seniors in traditional Medicare. The program begins with health risk assessments of new members and follows that up, where warranted, with proactive outreach for clinical guidance. This outreach can be in the form of personal nurses, disease management programs, integrated medical and behavioral health and/or hands on assistance with feeding, bathing and other key components of daily living. There are also a wide variety of healthy living, healthy eating options available to members including the SilverSneakers fitness program, Well Dine for nutrition, health and wellness classes and a variety of plan-based and community-based support services for our most at-risk members through Humana Cares. As it evolves, our clinical program is increasingly aligned with CMS' star rating system in anticipation of coming changes in the Medicare Advantage revenue model. Such alignment has already yielding progress. From 2010 to 2011, Humana's star rating summary score improved from 2.74 to 3.1 stars, a 13.1% increase. For the 30 Humana plans rated in both years, 17 plans improved their star ratings decrease, 13 remained constant and none experienced a decrease.  As you probably know, star ratings are comprised of service metrics, as well as clinical ones. To give you a sense of the progress we're making on the clinical side, certain clinical measures such as rheumatoid arthritis management and controlling blood pressure Improved by at least 15% year-over-year.  It's worth noting that for every star measure, Humana tracks data on which members are compliant and which are not and follows that up with a focused outreach effort. Last year in our Florida HMO, for example, we conducted more than 9,000 colon cancer screenings, 5,000 glaucoma screenings and 2,000 kidney function tests for diabetics after analyzing member compliance data. Once again, in comparison, none of this proactive health support is available to members of traditional Medicare. Looking ahead, we anticipate further improvements in star ratings through the implementation later this year of automated personalized member messaging. Clinical standards will enable us to identify Medicare Advantage members who could benefit from our programs according to evidence-based care guidelines and will customize messaging through a variety of channels, telephonic, electronic and one-to-one conversations with clinical experts.  Beyond Medicare, making a difference to the level of individual health is one of the reasons we acquired Concentra late last year. As I've said on several recent calls, Humana is progressively expanding its strategy to embrace the concept of lifelong well-being. The Concentra model is a good stepping-stone in this overall strategy. Through its affiliated clinicians, Concentra delivers occupational medicine, urgent care, physical therapy and wellness services to workers and the general public for more than 300 medical centers in 42 states. The geographic fit with Humana is ideal, nearly 3 million Humana medical members live near a Concentra Center. Concentra is the respected market leader, with more than 14% of work-related injuries in the U.S. treated at a Concentra center, and it has relationships for formal accounts with more than 100,000 employers. We expect Concentra to support our Commercial business immediately while we simultaneously proceed with plans to expand the availability of these services to our Medicare members, all while being accretive to our 2011 financial results. We will continue to look for acquisition opportunities like Concentra as part of evaluating the most prudent near-term use of capital to ensure long term value appreciation for our shareholders. In summary, Humana completed in the fourth quarter a very solid 2010, which we believe positions us well for 2011. The 2011 Medicare selling season in November and December surpassed our expectations, and we continued to advance our ability to improve the quality of life and health outcomes of our members while achieving ever-higher value for money in the Medicare program. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
James Bloem: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by summarizing our 2010 financial performance, followed by a discussion of today's increase in our full year 2011 earnings per share guidance range. As indicated on the slide, our 2010 earnings per share of $6.47 came within our previous guidance range of $6.40 to $6.50. However, the $6.47 per share includes four noteworthy items, which arose since the time of our Investor Day on November 18. Since three out of the four were unusual expenses, we are pleased with our fourth quarter operating performance. Let's quickly review the four post-November 18 items in order of their size. First, as discussed in this morning's press release, we strengthened the reserves for our closed block of long-term Care policies in the amount of $138.9 million or $0.52 per share. This block of 35,000 policies was acquired in connection with our acquisition of KMG America in late 2007. No policies in this block have been sold since 2005. This reserve strengthening occurred as part of our annual year-end review of these long-duration liabilities. In this year's review, we revised our original acquisition assumptions with respect to three things. First, the amount and frequency of regulatory allowed premium rate increases; second, annual claims and claims management expense levels; and third, expected rates of investment returns over the 30-plus year expected life of these liabilities. These revised assumptions were based on our experience over the last three years with respect to premiums and expenses, as well as the current outlook for long-term interest rates. Second, on the positive side, we experienced greater-than-anticipated favorable development of prior year's medical claims in the amount of $37.8 million or $0.14 per share during the quarter. This brought the full year benefit of better-than-expected prior year's medical claims development to $231.2 million or $0.86 per share.  Finally, we incurred two other significant expenses during the quarter that were not included in our previous guidance of November 18: First, a $35 million or $0.13 per share contribution to The Humana Foundation; and second, $15 million or $0.08 per share of transactions costs associated with the closing of the Concentra acquisition. With respect to The Humana Foundation, we believe the company's philanthropic efforts are an important part of its mission. We've not been able to make a contribution of this scale since at least the year 2000, and we were pleased to be afforded that opportunity during the fourth quarter.  Our remaining fourth quarter results of $165 million pretax or $0.61 per share compares favorably with our previous guidance. This better-than-expected operating performance consisted of approximately $90 million from the Commercial segment and $75 million from our Government segment. With respect to our Commercial segment operations, we continue to benefit from the unusually low medical cost trends experienced by the entire health insurance sector during 2010. Of the $90 million of commercial operating over performance in the fourth quarter, a little less than 1/3 was favorable development from the first nine months of the year, with most of the remainder reflected in the continuing run rate cost trend improvement.  Our Government segment operations benefited from another strong quarter of performance in our MAPD business, primarily driven by cost trend improvements arising out of a continued success of our 15 percent Solution. Turning now to full year Government segment results. Our 2010 Government segment pretax income increased by approximately $150 million versus 2009. As noted on the slide, there are four items that are included in this $150 million net improvement. First, we benefited in the Government segment from $182.4 million of greater-than-anticipated prior year's favorable medical claims development in 2010. Second, we incurred about $77 million of additional SG&A expenses associated with the Humana-Walmart PDP Plan launch, which was $40 million, and with the change in the 2011 Medicare Advantage enrollment period which was $37 million. With respect to the Medicare enrollment season, 2010 was unique in that we incurred first quarter marketing and selling expenses associated with the 2010 enrollment season and then also absorbed what we would normally have spent in the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010 because of the mandated shortening of the enrollment period for 2011. Third, the portion of The Humana Foundation contribution that was attributable to the Government segment was $26 million. Finally then, the remaining pretax improvement of approximately $70 million results primarily from the growth of our Medicare Advantage membership, our SG&A cost efficiencies and the benefits of scale that come with being a larger competitor.  You will recall that we discussed on Investor Day that we reset our overall Medicare pretax margin to 5% for 2011 and continued to pursue the beneficial effects related to the 15 percent Solution. We also continue to expect to record between $50 million and $75 million of charges in the fourth quarter of 2011 related to the assumed termination of the current TRICARE contract on March 31, 2012. Approximately $50 million of these charges relate to goodwill, and the remainder relate to the transition of the contract. These are the same assumptions that we originally used with respect to 2010. Moving on to our full year 2010 Commercial segment results. While we benefited from much lower-than-expected medical cost trends as well as some greater-than-expected favorable development of prior year's medical claims, we also incurred some significant expense items. Most notably, the new Health Insurance Reform Law mandated $147.5 million write-down of deferred acquisition costs on our individual major medical block of business in the second quarter, as well as the previously described long-term care reserve strengthening during the fourth quarter. With respect to the medical cost trends, for pricing purposes, we've assumed a return to historical levels for 2011, which is reflected in our guidance for this year. Turning next to our 2011 earnings per share update. We've raised our full year earnings per share of guidance by $0.25 to reflect the impact of two items. First, higher membership in both our Medicare Advantage and standalone PDPs. This increase in membership Medicare represents about $0.15 per share. Second, we are reflecting some of the 2010 lower commercial medical cost trends, which will result in a lower medical cost base which will benefit 2011. This $0.10 per share increase primarily relates to our Large Group business, which is much less encumbered by the new health insurance reform minimums for medical loss ratios than our Small Group and Individual blocks of business. Accordingly, we have also increased our 2011 Commercial segment pretax income forecast by approximately $50 million to reflect this large group cost trend improvement, as well as the inclusion of Concentra's expected accretion of $0.10 per share, announced at the time of its acquisition in December. Moving next to selling, general and administrative costs. We expect that our solid progress in 2010 will continue into 2011. As mentioned in our third quarter earnings conference call, we achieved our $100 million of cost savings in 2010 and have entered 2011 with $200 million run rate savings goal that we set for ourselves at this time last year.  Our cross-functional administrative costs committee has developed processes which assure that these administrative cost reduction efforts are not just onetime events, but rather an ongoing source of both improved cost competitiveness and savings-funded initiatives, which allow us to continue to transform Humana to both meet the requirements of health insurance reform and also to implement the corporate strategy we outlined in detail on Investor Day. Our current 2011 SG&A ratio forecast, which includes all Concentra expenses, shows how we expect the payback of our cost reduction and savings reinvestments to lower our core administrative expenses, as represented by the blue bar on the slide.  Turning next now to our expected 2011 quarterly earnings pattern. This slide shows the timing of the major items that we expect will impact our earnings from quarter-to-quarter this year. These items include our annually discussed seasonality factors such as, for example, the quarterly effects of our PDP benefit designs and the ongoing migration of our commercial membership into high deductible health plans. The only change in this slide from last year is the elimination of the Medicare selling season for the early part of the year. As previously discussed, this elimination results in the concentration of our Medicare marketing and selling expenses for the entire 2012 selling season into the fourth quarter of 2011. Thus, other than the timing of the expenses associated with the fourth quarter Medicare selling season, we do not anticipate any significant 2011 differences from our 2010 quarterly earnings pattern. Accordingly, our first quarter 2011 earnings per share guidance range of $1.15 per share to $1.20 per share is approximately 20% of our current full year EPS guidance range, which is consistent with each of the last two years. Turning last to operating cash flows and capital deployment. Our capital deployment efforts remain focused on effectiveness building capital expenditures, potential acquisitions and strategic investments, as well as continuing to repurchase our shares. Based on record 2010 operating cash flows, we were able to do all three to an increasing extent in 2010 versus 2009, as outlined in this morning's press release.  Our 2011 guidance range for operating cash flows was increased by $200 million today to reflect the increase in our Medicare membership, the improved Commercial segment pretax outlook and the Concentra acquisition. This morning's increases in our 2011 guidance points for capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expenses primarily are due to the inclusion of the 2011 Concentra capital budget and asset ledgers, respectively. As we move further into 2011, we continue to believe that having and conserving ample capital and liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to compete effectively in a new environment as it continues to unfold. So to conclude, we're pleased with our financial and operating results for both the fourth quarter and for the full year 2010. Our increased 2011 full year earnings guidance range of $5.70 to $5.90 per share reflects our organizational competence and confidence, as well as our disciplined and intentional approach to the current operating environment. With that, we'll open the phone lines for questions. We request that each caller only ask two questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: I guess, Jim, just staying on that line of reasoning on the 2011 guidance, I guess your 2010 was, I guess, basically in line with your estimates from a couple of months ago, but that included $0.52 from the reserve boost for the long-term Care and then the foundation of $0.13 and Concentra of $0.08. And I guess, even if you took out the favorable development of $0.14, I'm still getting a net improvement of $0.59. So I guess, I'm looking at guidance up $0.25, but then the core operating in the fourth quarter alone is $0.59. I'm just curious, what's the disconnect? Were there fundamental -- was it just some of the upside can't come back next year because of MLR minimums on the commercial side? Or whats sort of the difference there?
James Bloem: There's two principal differences, and again, this is sort of what we talked about on Investor Day, too, so it's a good question. As both Mike and I said, we reset our Medicare margin to 5% every year. And then as Mike pointed out, we use, when we do better than that and the organization works very hard all year to improve on that, and again give better outcomes at lower costs to our members. But as we improve on that, then when we go to next year, we take that and put that back into the benefits and premiums, particularly in light of what's happened in the last couple of years with respect to reimbursements. So that's made us very competitive. And then also, on the idea of the -- just to get to the other part of your question, the Commercial side, as you know, this is the year where the 80% minimum MLR kicks in for small group and individual. So basically, the only real improvement we get to show there comes from the larger groups. So those are the two things that sort of help us, but also, really, you don't really get to start all over again where you left off the prior year.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: I guess, Jim, on the Medicare margin, I understand you guys put your bids in eight, nine months ago, I guess the first week in June, so if you're seeing better improvement in the fourth quarter, are you saying you're going to augment benefit in 2011 as we go? You can still do that now, is that the idea?
James Bloem: No, it just had to do with, again, when we do it back in June, again, looking at where we were for 2010, with an economic 10% problem of basically a 5% rate cut and a 5% trend and having the legislation having froze the solid increases, that we priced according to that 5% margin and then we did better. And so now as we get into '11, we've got a competitive price offering. And as the year goes by, we'll continue to look at and report what happens to us vis-a-vis that target 5% operating margin.
Michael McCallister: I think this is one month into the year and as we see claim payments and other clinical measures support what we saw in the fourth quarter, then we would obviously anticipate it and record it at that time. But we're going to wait until we see the favorable claim payments play themselves out a little bit further into 2011.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: But any expectations for the 45-day notice next week? Where do you guys think 2012 reimbursement will start at?
Michael McCallister: Well, we've seen a couple of write-ups by folks on the phone that would suggest that the range is somewhere between a negative two and a positive 1.5. And as we look through those documents, I can't find anything that I would take umbrage with. I think that, that would probably be a reasonable guesstimate as to where that will turn out.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: And do you think the RADV stuff gets included?
Michael McCallister: No, I don't believe so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex with JPMorgan.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Over the course of the reporting period, a few of the companies have noted they've made some -- as it relates to RADV, some accruals for repayment during the 4Q. So I think you guys have earlier on said you don't view it as estimable right now, so you wouldn't be doing that. Was there anything in your 4Q?
Michael McCallister: This is Mike. No, we have nothing in there for that.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So until you get a methodology, I suppose your point of view would be you couldn't put down accrual?
Michael McCallister: I don't know how you could, frankly. I think we're far from understanding where this methodology is going to come out. And CMS' note last week confirms the fact that it's a work underway. So until we know specifics of how it's going to work, it's not appropriate to be setting aside reserves.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then can you talk through the gross adds and losses in the Medicare Advantage book?
James Murray: Sure, this is Jim Murray. Just a few points. We sold a total of about 500,000 gross sales which includes plan-to-plan changes, so our market point organization, led by Patrick O'Toole, did an incredible job in a short period of time, where you just strip out the plan-to-plan changes of around 200,000, you would come up with net sales of around 290,000 which was an incredibly good result against what we thought was going to be around 270,000. So we exceeded our sales targets by around 20,000. In addition to the sales results, we also enjoyed some good retention. We had terminations of around 163,000 net against the target of around 210,000. So about 50,000 or 47,000 favorable retention against our goals. Some of that came from what we referred to as true terminations and some against the better job we did on selling members that we reported to you prior that were in exit, Private Fee-for-Service exit space. We did a much better job of selling those folks. The other thing that I would point out is that, that 200,000 plan-to-plan sales that we made, 80,000 were in the 115,000 that we reported to you that we would have to resell which was a really good result. And in addition to that, about 120,000 were from convergence into network-based options, further demonstrating the point that we've been talking about for a long time, that people are more willing to buy network plans than had been thought of in the past. So we feel very, very good about what's happened in this AEP and we look forward to 2011.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just on the last point that you had answered previously, just on the 45-day notice, so x the 45-day notice, have you estimated the impacts in '12 just from the transition to the new reform rules? So as you start phasing those in, what kind of increment you'd expect on that?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray again. Included in the 1.5 to negative two that we talked about earlier, there were some guesstimates as to what the implications would be for the health reform phase-in. And so if you use that as a starting point, and I'm just going to talk from 100,000 feet, let's pretend the range is a negative two to a positive two, so that's the money we would receive from the government, what's not included is our MRA work that we do and we talk about with you regularly. Some of the reports that we've read anticipate that there's a negative two in that range that I talked about earlier related to risk factor changes. So if you assume that our MRA work offsets that, which we've said for a long time that that's a zero-sum game, so minus two to a positive two, then you would add 2 percentage points for MRA. And then we talked with you for a long time about the 15 percent Solution, so let's identify or estimate that anywhere from a 2% to a 4% improvement because of what we call trend vendors that goes to support that 15 percent Solution. And then against all of that, you have to step back and think about what trend really is. We believe, and we've told you for a long period of time, that we think trend is anywhere from 4% to 5% year-after-year. So if you take all of those ranges that I've given you, you come up to about a negative two to a positive three. And we feel very good about our ability to manage within that kind of an environment, to continue to provide an economic benefit to the members that we serve and feel very good about our prospects for our 2012 bid season.
Michael McCallister: Let me just add to that, John. We've talked about this, and I'm not sure how much credibility you all give it, but this idea of getting better value for money and better clinical results is actually a very big deal on all this because you've heard me say for the last decade what a mess the traditional Medicare program is and how uncoordinated it is and what an opportunity there is to clean all that up, get better treatment for people, get it better organized and get better costs, that's what keeps us really in a nice position. This is not just a pure insurance sort of model here. This is all about health care, clinical organization and clinical integration in improving productivity. And across every metric we measure relative to our membership, from the sickest to the walking healthy, things are continuing to get better. And that's really what props up everything here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: First question, just a follow-up on the RADV commentary, your 10-Q has a great risk statement that gives a lot of clarity on the issues you see with these RADV audits. And specifically, it talks of the potential of not only taking a reserve if and when CMS comes out with a final methodology, but also talks to the potential for accruing or changing the way you accrue for risk scores in the current year, depending on how the methodology comes out. Can you talk to us about how that, from an accounting standpoint, would work and what are the two or three factors we should be focused on as far as that methodology, as to whether you would need to change your accruals and potentially change your revenue recognition for this in the current year, not just taking a reserve for 2007?
James Bloem: Well, I think that the primarily thing -- and again, we appreciate your reference to the risk factor, because it's been out there for a long time and we think that it adequately describes where we are right now. But with respect to the methodology itself, we believe that the methodology is incorrect and flawed and actuarially invalid. So until that situation changes, to me, there would not be a reason to accrue, and Mike made that comment just a few minutes ago. And I think that's the principal reason why it's inappropriate at this time. In addition, CMS put out the notice that we've all referenced, that they're looking at this carefully and theyre understanding better now what the comments are, so we'll wait to see what that is. But in the meantime, we think that the risk factor disclosure that we've made that you've referenced is very important for everybody to understand, and that this is a very important issue for our industry. And so as we move forward, we'll take a look at the facts and circumstances as they develop to decide what we're going to do. And one of the other things that you mentioned that's also important is that this is really a revenue-recognition issue, and not so much a contingent liability. And the accounting rules that govern revenue recognition are different than those that surround contingencies and losses. So anyway, I'll stop here.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Jim, maybe you can just specifically carve that out for us. I mean, I really wanted to understand the 2011 impact rather than the audit impact on 2007. So CMS comes to you and says, "We want $1 back for 2007 from this risk or audits." Is that going to change the way you accrue for risk or revenue in 2011 as well, meaning youll have to lower your revenue guidance for 2011 and increase your MLR?
James Bloem: If ultimately, and I say ultimately, that these matters were definitively to come out the way the original December 21 notice was, then after the final judgment and after the final consideration by everybody, including the agency and the courts and everybody else, then you might get to that situation. But again, we're going to watch this very carefully as it evolves. Right now, we believe we're appropriate. We've discussed it appropriately in the risk factor, and we've appropriately not accrued anything or reduced revenue for 2011 for this.
Michael McCallister: Let me just say this one more time. The proposed methodology they have out there is absolutely actuarially wrong. It is incorrect, and therefore, we're not sitting around here ringing our hands at this point because at the end of the day, we think we end up in a different place.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And Jim, just one last point of clarification, if CMS comes out of this methodology and says, "We're not changing it," you wouldn't change your accruals until after it's been bedded by the courts?
James Bloem: Yes, I believe that would be the appropriate thing because then again we would have all of the redressed avenues that we have for the incorrect methodology that Mike just mentioned.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And I'll just ask my second question quickly about Medicare Advantage membership. Can you talk about -- this aging into the population is obviously going to be very significant over the next couple of years or the next decade or two, I should say. I'm just trying to understand, the Medicare penetration overall, the 45 million, 46 million that are out there somewhere in the 20% to 25% range, I'm just curious, have you seen or can you talk to what the take-up rate is of the 65-year-old population and they age at each year? Is it materially different than that 20% to 25% of the overall population?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. I believe that we've done analysis in the past, but I have to go and dust that off that would suggest that when people do turn age 65 here lately, they are at a bigger percentage than the current market shares that we're seeing, and that's because people are more used to a network-based PPO kind of an option, which is what we're providing them. And we're seeing an increase in share as time goes on.
Michael McCallister: I think the other thing to remember is, until recently, there really were not really any national players in this business, so there were huge slots in the United States that had no Medicare Advantage even being offered. So we've got two things going on. People are seeing these products for the first time, as you know, and others are expanding across the country. And then they're having to deal with their experience or lack thereof with network plans and that sort of thing. So whatever the data would tell you today, I'm not sure it says much about the future. I think these plans are going to continue to grow because they do have a very high value proposition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: My first question was on Concentra. It looked like in the slides that there was a 225 basis point G&A boost from the expenses which works out to be about $832 million on the midpoint of your revenue guidance, and prior guidance was for about $800 million of Concentra revenues. So I was just wondering if there are some onetime G&A pieces in there or non-Concentra items contributing to the 225 basis point move, and then what the long term margin on that business looks like.
James Bloem: Sarah, you pretty well, I think, accurately recapped what it is. You can see that the other revenues' guidance went up by $850 million, and these expenses probably by $825 million. And that $25 million to $27 million difference is the $0.10 EPS that the accretion is based on. When we look at 2011, we were going to have integration expenses. We're looking at different ways, as Mike said, to take what Concentra does and move it from our commercial populations and toward our Medicare and our Humana membership. And so those will be the expenses that sort of weigh down '11 with respect to Concentra. But we're very optimistic over time that this type of business fits both strategically and financially.
Michael McCallister: And all of Concentra's expenses are included in administrative costs, including the physician salaries.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And then, I guess, on the enrollment guidance, it looks like the January numbers you reported were a little bit above where guidance was. So I was just wondering if there are some factors leading to your conservatism if that guidance could then come up to at least the January numbers or above?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray again. We're currently sitting at around a net 130,000 member increase. And I think we've guided to the midpoint being around 100,000. And we're being prudent. We've looked at some of the members that have stuck with us. They didn't term, and we've looked at some of the premiums that those folks have been delivered. We talked earlier that generally speaking, our premiums that we've delivered across the entire block stayed about the same, and that's one of the reasons why we were successful in this open enrollment period. But certain parts of the United States, certain geographies, did get some premium increases. So we're prudently looking at those geographies and stepping back and wondering whether or not those folks are going to be able to pay those premiums. And as time goes on and we see whether or not they are able to pay those premium increases, that 100,000 could move closer to the 130,000, but time will tell.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady from Crdit Suisse.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: On Medicare Advantage enrollment, are you able to tell yet what percent of your gross adds were age-ins versus share gains? And do you have any sense for roughly what percent of the age-ins are moving into Medicare Advantage?
James Bloem: That's difficult to tell with this AEP enrollment gain. What we'll be able to do better is, as the rest of the year plays itself out, we'll see how the age-ins are, as a percentage to the earlier question that was asked. We can't tell whether or not an individual who's joined us at this time was with a plan prior.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: Are you able to know their age, I suppose, to see if theyve recently turned 65?
James Murray: Sure, we haven't pulled that together yet, but we can pull that together fairly easily.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: On the star ratings, do you have a goal for ultimately reaching four stars or some certain level of stars and over what timeframe? And can you talk about whether your opportunity is really mostly on the clinical side or on the admin side for what you would need to improve to get the higher average star rating?
Michael McCallister: This is Mike. Charles, the goal is pretty straightforward, it's five stars everywhere. Having said that, we have a lot of different product designs, and some are more tightly managed than others. And so we're always going to have varying degrees of performance against this. I think the clinical, you may think counterintuitive, but I think the clinical side may be easier to handle than the other side because the clinical is going to be something we're going to have data on and understand exactly what's happening with these people and an ability through messaging and other techniques to get better quality and hit those stars. The service side to me, frankly, I think they'll eliminate those stars anyway. I think a lot of that stuff is not really powerful in terms of measuring how well this program works. But they are what they are for the time being until changed. We will work to make those better as well. But to the extent you're dependent upon downstream providers for customer service kind of implications, that gets a little trickier. So I think varying performance all over the country, it will depend on the type of structure of the plan. It will depend on the concentration of membership we have. And so we have a lot of moving parts. But you'll see us progressively improve across the entire book of business we have over time. And I think we're going to have our fair share of very highly rated plans overtime.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: Five is a theoretical goal, I understand it, but just to get a rough sense of timeframe, Mike, are you thinking, is it two years, three years, four years to get to four star average? And then how long to get to five?
Michael McCallister: Again, I think the clinical side, we can probably measure and be a little more predictable around. We're not talking a six- or seven-year journey here. There are people who realize they need to be on this. We need to figure out to improve these scores, and we'll move as quick as we can.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: Should we expect to see any special investments, more downstream, risk-sharing or anything else as you strive to achieve that goal?
Michael McCallister: All those things. I mean, we're looking for providers that are interested in working closely, being driven by metrics. Some will want to take some risk-sharing, some will not. It's not critical, they go either way. But the more tightly integrated you have and if they have any kind of risk-sharing relationship with us, they tend to be much more focused on the quality of health care, as well as things like service metrics and those sort of things. So as far as we can move down the path as fast as we can, with any provider that's interested in doing better, seeking better value for money, providing high level of service and participating in the improved payment methodology, the results of all that, we're ready. So we're looking nationwide as we speak right now, and there's a lot of interest out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson from Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Just walking through the one G&A slide, just trying to come at this a little bit of a different way, if we think about it being 13.8 in '09 coming down to 13.2 in 2010, and then if you strip out Concentra you're at call it the midpoint 12.5, if we were to look ahead into 2012, just trying to wrap all the comments you've made including potentially the investments to support the star ratings in the MA book, how would you see that sort of core G&A tracking looking out 12 months from now? And then maybe just on the Concentra side, the $225 million you're showing this year, it sounded like there were maybe some onetime types of stuff in there for 2011. So just trying to get at how that progresses this year and what the run rate might look like coming into 2012?
James Bloem: Well, as you've pointed out, we try to divide this into two things, and that's what the slide is trying to get at. What's the core rate, what's the SG&A ratio on the core expenses? And again, we're transforming the company, so we're not only getting more cost competitive, but we're using some of those savings to reinvest in the other things we need for our corporate strategy. So those are the two things we're always looking at. So it makes it hard, kind of, to look at it from the standpoint of whats it going to be in 2012. I think if you look at the blue bar on those slides, the dark blue portion, you can see that the trend is clearly down. And that's really what were about. Now we need to reinvest, we need to get to it, to do the strategy that we talked about. We need to do that reinvesting. As far as Concentra is concerned, we just have acquired that, and we're looking to see all the different things that can be done with that. There will be some investment in there. The investments that were going to make in 2011 that cause that sort of $225 million comes from the fact, as was mentioned before, all the Concentra expenses are in there, and we have to do the integration. We really have to bring the two organizations closer together and figure out how we can really get the synergies that we think are available to us through Concentra.
Michael McCallister: I would add that trying to figure out SG&A is going to be a little difficult for you all overtime as our business mix continues shift, and things like Concentra is a good example. But what we know internally here is that admin has to be very, very low in this new MLR world we're going to live in across all these products. So higher productivity internal is what we're focused on, and to the extent the mix changes some, it may be harder for you to see on a consolidated basis. But we are all over the idea that scale matters, our key investments have to be smart and our SG&A internally on our core businesses, has to be very low.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Well maybe just some color on the Concentra deal. How you see this fitting in longer term, I guess, on two fronts. One, just in general with provider contracting in the markets, did it have overlap; and secondly, how do you see this positioning you with respect to the quality employers in the 1,000 to 2,000 employee count? How do you envision structuring products leveraging the Concentra assets?
Michael McCallister: There's a number of possibilities. I'll go back to what we said when we bought Concentra. This was about acquiring a platform with good management and a basic position capability to locate offices, staff them, build metrics about performance, hire and recruit and retain and that sort of thing. So you can take our company, you can start looking at all sorts of spots where the ability to do that will be meaningful, but it's important to know that its going to vary dramatically by location. In some cases, we may only have a few of these. In some cases, they may be concentrated. In some cases, they may be the core of an insurance product. In some cases, they may strictly be a relationship with employers across wellness and well-being and this sort of thing, work site clinics. So we look at the company from a number of perspectives, and we think strategically, it fits into a lot of little corners of what we do. We like the idea of having them be the key component in our Medicare strategy long term because the primary care piece is critical in Medicare. And I think weve got a situation here where we have the capability to really have a tool that can be used in a lot of different ways. So it's not a simplistic view of it. In the meantime, it's a well-run company that's contributing to our EPS.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Carroll from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Thomas Carroll: Just to follow back up on some of the enrollment numbers that we talked about. It's really two things. I guess, first of all, what kind of dis-enrollment are you expecting? And I think it goes back to Sarah's question on your increased year-to-date on MA versus your guidance. So there's a 30,000 roughly person difference there. I guess, does this mean you expect 30,000 folks to dis-enroll? And what kind of dis-enrollment behavior have you seen year-to-date?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray again. The 30,000 that we referenced earlier was our stepping back, looking at what happened during the AEP and the pockets of members that stuck with us and the premium levels that we delivered to them and us stepping back and saying, "Is it likely for these folks to continue to pay these premiums and what would prudence tell you in terms of establishing a target?" And that delta was the 30,000 that we've come up with to the extent that as we go throughout the course of the year, those folks are paying the premiums that were a part of their planned benefits for 2011. If possible that, that 100,000 midpoint would go closer to the 130,000. For the remainder of this year, except for that, we would hope that our age-in opportunities would offset the terminations that occur as folks die and choose to leave the program. So we would think, other than that 30,000, that we would be generally flat for the remainder of the year and. And as I've said in my earlier remarks, we were very, very pleased with our persistency that we saw during the AEP. We did a lot of work to message folks in terms of those that were getting premium increases, any kind of benefit changes, messaging them about the possibility that we wanted to move them from a Private Fee-for-Service offering to a network-based option. Lots of connections, lots of relationships and we were pleased with how we ended up in terms of keeping significantly more members than we had anticipated.
Thomas Carroll: Second question, do you have a sense of maybe how much did your Wal-Mart arrangement contribute to your strong MA gains this year? So in terms of people having conversations about the Part D product, how much of that do you get a sense of translated into full-blown MA sales?
James Murray: We haven't connected the dots exactly, but I will tell you the opportunity to be in 3,000 Wal-Mart locations throughout the United States and having an opportunity to talk with seniors in terms of their needs and talk to them about not only the Wal-Mart Plan but also whether or not there's other kinds of products that would better suit their needs likely contributed nicely to the improved enrollment that we experienced. There's probably a really direct correlation to that, and we really enjoy the relationship that we developed with Wal-Mart. We look to do more with them in the future.
Thomas Carroll: Will you be sitting down with Wal-Mart to do kind of a debrief on how things went this year?
James Murray: Not only on how the Prescription Drug Plan work, but there are a lot of other good ideas that they and us are developing as a partnership.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold from Cowen and Company.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: I just wanted to probe your guidance a little bit with respect to the Medicare book. You're saying that your guidance incorporates the 5% Medicare margin, true?
James Bloem: True.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And you did better than that in 2010? True?
James Bloem: True, and '09.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: So I guess, what I'm getting at here is, you've historically taken that which you've done better and tried to incorporate it in benefits and premiums, and that you've still done better. Can you tell me in 2010 if my 83 8 Medicare MLR is reasonable?
James Bloem: Again, I think you have the basic thing because, as Jim mentioned, we've done it year-over-year. We start with five and then we work very hard as an organization to improve, and we've been successful in doing that the last few years. But we still end up with having to start all over again. Now what else is to do then, as Mike and as we've said on Investor Day, and really all through the last three or four years, the 15 percent Solution is the reason that enabled us - thats one of the primary reasons that enables us to do that, because we continued to deliver better outcomes at lower costs to those who are the most productly ill and have the greatest morbidities among our memberships. So that's the primary reason that we're able to go. When we get to this time of year, as Jim mentioned earlier, too, with only six weeks gone in the year, it's hard to really say, "Well now, it's time to raise that up." We wait until we see that, and then we say, "This is where we are, and this is the pattern that we've done every year."
Michael McCallister: Let me add to that. We're heading to an 85% MLR world in Medicare. And when you're there, the way you win and the way you grow and the way you have better value for people in the program is through cost management and low admin. And you plow up your margin above five back into those things every year, and this is going to be a top line growth story for a very long time for Humana. And I think the winners are going to be those who get better value for money and turn right around and give it back, and we're positioned pretty well in an 85% MLR world. We don't have to go much further than where we are right now to be there.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: And my ballpark where you did about 100 basis points better than the 5%, and that's what you're plowing into benefits and premiums?
Michael McCallister: The math is simple. We ran something just north of six and we move it back to five, and as I said from the beginning, we have no intention of running five in 2011, but that's the math as we sit here, and so we're working very hard today with everything I've talked about from a clinical perspective to get better value, more productivity and whatever that works out for '11, so be it, we'll plow that back in '12 and grow the top line again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg from Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I was wondering if you could give us an update on the longer-term status of the TRICARE contract and where that process stands at this point.
James Bloem: The government has come back to us and negotiated two six-month extensions. We wish we knew more about when they're going to make their final decision. The folks in the TRICARE organization tell me that the government could take as long as up to May before there's an issue with the terms of the timing. We're hopeful that smarter heads prevail and we are successfully put back into the program. But time will tell, and I can't tell you much more than that. It's frustrating, but that's all we know.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: If you could help me better understand what determines the contribution to The Humana Foundation? And then on the top of that, was there anything in the Wal-Mart expenses in the fourth quarter that would be ongoing rather than nonrecurring? And I'll leave it at that.
Michael McCallister: This is Mike McCallister. On the foundation, we try every year to put something in there as part of our overall social responsibility agenda. In five of the last 10 years, we didn't put anything in. In the other five, we put something in. So what you're looking at is a bit of a catch-up overtime, and we think it's a key component of what we do as a company, and we want to be good assistance everywhere we do business. And we do that both directly from the company as well as through the foundation. So you're seeing a number that's a bit of a catch-up over basically a decade.
James Murray: Your Wal-Mart question, there was some amount of continuing cost related to telesales operation and advertising programs that we thought would be similar year-over-year. The amount that Jim highlighted in his remarks is totally related to the incremental costs that we don't think will return next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: On the Part D book, and you've enrolled 500,000-plus members. As you're looking at the health profile of these people across low-income, subsidy retail enrolled in Wal-Mart or otherwise, are you seeing anything that gives you pause relative to your expectations actuarially from early claims experience? And is there any possible upside and/or downside to your margins with this new preliminary design?
James Murray: This Jim Murray. I expected this question. Weve looked at risk scores and they're very good. We've looked at scripts PMPM [per member per month], they look good. We've looked at generic dispensing rate, it looks good. We've looked at member risk share, we had that problem a couple of years ago that I wont ever bring up again on member risk share, that looks good. Mail utilization, that's one of the reasons why we wanted to do this program, RightSource and the mail, that we could do as a result of this program, that looks strong and the allowed costs look very good. So we're very, very pleased with the way the Wal-Mart Plan looks in its first six weeks.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: So it looks like more upside than downside than anything. So then on Medicare Advantage, you mentioned that your group has done pretty well. Is this a shared margin with CIGNA for 2011?
James Bloem: No, we didnt say that. We didn't have any significant group sales, we were reported. We're not expecting things to come out of our CIGNA relationship probably until next year.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: Switching gears, I was looking through the components on MA rates going forward 2012 and beyond. There was a letter from MedPAC to, I believe, to Donald Berwick on the $1.3 billion demo project and how that was not budgeted for. So as you're having conversations and consulting with them, do you see that piece at risk, and are you including that potential in the 2012 rate?
Michael McCallister: I think that it's included in there in that range that Jim mentioned from minus two to plus two. It's one of those myriad of factors that really kind of goes into what they believe the trend piece is. But again, I think it's a relatively small piece of that. But again, we'll wait and see when it comes out in terms of what the final is. We want to make sure that we're talking about the preliminary rate booked here. And as every year, we have our own bid ask as to what's going to be in there. But again, we still have the days afterwards to think about it and to comment on it. And then when it becomes final in April, than we go to work. So its still a long ways away in terms of whatever these numbers turn out to be.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: My question is just relative to the commercial MLR guidance. It looked like that ticked up by around 50 basis points from the guidance you had issued in November at the Investor Day. But it doesn't sound like you've changed any reviews on mid-cost trends, so maybe if you could just talk to the change in the in the commercial MLR guidance.
James Bloem: Again, I think what we've looked at is, the large group piece, because remember we have the 80% in our small group and our individual, and those are a large part. And we've also signaled that in the large group piece, there's a smaller number of members. As we approached the 80%, and so we've ticked up by 50 basis points, as you point out from when we did it last time. So again, it's all a matter of the mix. We want to tell you that we've given some weight to the low trend we had last year, and how it's going to affect this year. But again, that basically follows mostly to the large group. And that's why it's a $0.10 piece.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Kevin Fishbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I was wondering if you could maybe help provide a cash flow bridge to the parent for 2011, if you didn't do any buyback acquisitions, where do you think the cash balance might end at the year end?
James Bloem: Generally, we'd give a very strong indication of that in our second quarter call, which should be in August. And that would be after we've visited all of the states, extracted dividends in conjunction with consultations with them and also visited the credit rating agencies. I would say this qualitatively, we had an excellent year this year, as we've talked about all morning. And so we would expect the dividends to be higher than the $750 million we took last year.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: On the SG&A ratio, it looks like x the Concentra, that is down, I think, 50 basis points. And I was wondering if I'm looking at that apples-to-apples and what the drivers were of that.
James Bloem: Again, you are looking at it apples-to-apples. And again, the 50 basis points, again, looks that as we crossed over the threshold from November 18, went over year-end, we now have all our budgets in place. That's where the 50 basis points is.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald from Citigroup.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: I recognize we're only a few weeks into the year, anything you can point to at this point that would suggest that cost trends are accelerating relative to trends on 2010?
James Murray: This Jim Murray. It's very early in the year. So it's very difficult to make any predictions based upon the claim payments that we've seen, nothing significantly favorable or significantly negative.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I'd wanted to take another shot at that question of converting to the PPACA [Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act] rates. What portion -- maybe you can answer a couple of specific components of it, what portion of your business will be under a two-year conversion as opposed to a longer conversion? And then secondly, what portion or what percentage difference would there be between the PPACA rate and your bid plus rebate payment that you got in 2010, if that was to convert 100%?
James Murray: I can answer the second question, I'm not sure what the second question was specifically. The year phase-in is two years is 34%, four years is 39%, and six years is 27%. I need help with some acronyms and specifically what you're asking with your second question.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: The rate under PPACA that has the variation from 95% of Fee-for-Service to 115%. If you take the average for your book of business as to what that rate would be compared to what you were paid on an average payment from the government in terms of not the benchmark but what your payment was in 2010?
Regina Nethery: So the old payment versus Fee-for-Service versus what we think the new payment versus Fee-for-Service would be, post-health insurance reform?
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, if you had 100% of your business converted.
Regina Nethery: Peter, this is Regina. I take it you're asking about where MedPAC, I believe it has a study that says, for instance, in 2010, assuming the doc-fix [document fix] had happened, we were like 113% of Fee-for-Service, if theyd done the doc-fix properly, we would have been 107%?
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Correct.
James Bloem: I can just talk about my broad feelings as respect to any kind of what's referred to as an overpayment. When a lot of folks were here for Investor Day, we shared with you a slide that demonstrated that trends, as they restate over time, typically run in the 4% to 7% range. So I'll use 5%. And as many of you know, over the last two or so years, we've gotten either a flat or a negative trend estimate. And so if it were me, I would say that those were reductions from the theoretical overpayment, and then when you layer in the doc-fix, which I've been told is valued somewhere around 4%, when you put all those pieces together, I would proffer, but this is me, that we are nowhere near being overpaid the amount that we're hearing that there's an overpayment out there. And so over time, it's our strong belief that as trends restate to their proper levels, that, that will self-correct itself as time goes on, and that it's been very good management for us to get through the last several years, not getting the trend increases that were appropriate. And so I think we're really close to the 100% of Medicare Fee-for-Service that is designed by the health care reform.
Regina Nethery: But, I think that that's as clear as we can get for you today, Peter. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael McCallister: Okay, let me just close. Thanks for joining us this morning. We had a good quarter, and we're pretty excited about where we are for 2011, especially relative to our Medicare results on AEP. So we're positioned well, we're happy with that. I want to thank the Humana associates who are in the call for making this all possible. And with that, we'll say goodbye.
Regina Nethery: Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Michael McCallister - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee James Murray - Chief Operating Officer Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc. Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Regina Nethery: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humana's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our third quarter 2010 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook for 2010. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the investor relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's press release, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release and other historical financial news releases are available on our investor relations website. All of our SEC filings are also available via the investor relations page of Humana's website, as well as on the SEC's website. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana announced third quarter earnings of $2.32 per share, which compares to $1.78 per share in the year ago quarter. This favorable result was achieved because of strong operating performance in both our Government and Commercial segments. We have updated our 2010 earnings per share guidance range to $6.40 to $6.50 compared to our previous forecast of $5.65 to $5.75 based on this operating performance and on the anticipated extension of our TRICARE contract. Jim Bloem will discuss this TRICARE development in the course of his remarks. My comments this morning will be brief due to our upcoming Investor Day on November 18 where I'll be joined by key Humana leaders for in-depth discussions of our operations and outlook. We will also disclose 2011 guidance at that time. Today I'll spend just a few minutes highlighting our strategy and how our operating progress is positioning us for the long-term success before turning the call over to Jim. I'll start with Medicare. Our long-standing focus on Medicare as a one-to-one Retail business combined with our emphasis on disciplined and innovative approaches to managing trend and coordinating care has served us well and is proving to be well-suited for the post reform world. Humana's holistic approach to our members is the linchpin of our ongoing 15 percent Solution. The results of which were evident in our third quarter operating results. The 15 percent Solution involves providing better benefits to our Medicare Advantage members that had cost 15% less than the cost of baseline benefits under traditional Medicare with higher quality and better outcomes than original Medicare. Delivering on this solution requires integrating many different functions on a large-scale, starting with building efficient provider networks and then coordinating targeted clinical interventions to address high cost situations that can be managed more efficiently to produce lower cost and better results. This is becoming increasingly important in Medicare Advantage as payment rates continue to move toward parity with traditional Medicare. One important message of how this approach has positioned us well in relation to our competitors became apparent when industry-wide 2011 Medicare member premiums were announced at the end of September. Despite the economic challenge of Medicare Advantage payment rates being held flat with 2010, the success of our 15 percent Solution meant that Humana's 2011 member premiums for both Medicare Advantage and our existing PDP business went up only modestly. Separately, our innovative co-branded PDP offering with Wal-Mart has for the first time since the PDP program was launched in 2006, won price and won benefit structure nationwide. This makes it easy to understand the key element for retail consumers. Further, it has the lowest premium of any PDP plant in all 50 states and Washington DC. This advantage coupled with the linkage of two leading brands with high favorability among seniors, we believe, is generating meaningful, positive awareness of the new product. That's been helped by comprehensive marketing campaigns from both companies prior to the opening of the annual election period on November 15. Together, we're introducing a positive disruption in the standalone PDP market this year. The 2011 Medicare Advantage competitive environment reflects its own style of disruption. To be more specific, between competitor market exits, some Private Fee-for-Service market agents of our own, the introduction of network-based products to many of our existing Private Fee-for-Service members and the selling season that's been shorted by 90 days makes estimating net membership growth a bit more complicated than in prior years. Having said that, our preliminary estimates indicate we will still grow next year with our Individual Medicare Advantage membership likely increasing somewhere in the range of net for 2010. Now I'll turn to our Commercial segment. Our Commercial strategy involves using the retail strengths we've honed in Medicare to capture opportunities in the individual market once the volatility from reform settles down. In the near term, we expect a very challenging transition period. We'll keep a close eye on the evolution of exchanges and other reform-related developments while forecasting minimum net membership growth. Longer term, if the individual market expands, McKinsey estimates it'll grow from $23 million to $40 million in the next six years because of reform. We believe we'll be well-positioned. We anticipate offering not just individual health insurance or traditional ancillaries like dental vision and voluntary, but also new products related to consumers overall well being. Our goal is to create lifetime relationships with our individual customers, offering a variety of products and services based on incentives, rewards and loyalty. At the same time, we'll manage for profitability, our Group Medical business and expand our Specialty business in sections of the country where we have the scale and network position necessary to compete and win. We will meet with you at our Investor day on November 18th. We look forward to sharing more details as to where we believe we're well-positioned in the near-term for our Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses and longer-term for our Commercial business. The number of consumer-oriented programs launched are underdevelopment and with the success of our one-to-one retail approach to membership growth, solidly aligned with the continued expansion of Medicare, and potential retail opportunities in the individual market, Humana faces the post reform future with confidence. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
James Bloem: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by detailing the factors that contributed to our better-than-expected performance this quarter, as well as how they drove today's increase in our full year 2010 earnings per share guidance. As indicated on this first slide, there were four items that boosted this quarter's earnings per share, the last three of which pertain to our 2010 operations. With respect to the non-2010 item, we experienced an additional $56 million or $0.21 per share of higher than expected favorable medical claims development from prior years during the quarter. This amount is in addition to the prior year favorable development experienced in the first half of this year, bringing the full year benefit of this better than expected favorable prior year medical claims development to approximately $194 million or $0.72 per share. The beneficial effect by segment of the $56 million of prior year development recorded in the third quarter was approximately $41 million in the Government segment and $15 million in the Commercial segment. Moving on to the three 2010 operating items, first, we experienced approximately $28 million or $0.10 per share of greater than anticipated favorable development related to the medical cost estimates recorded in the first half of this year with approximately 80% of that amount attributable to the Government segment and 20% to the Commercial segment. Much of this favorable development continued to be due to both a lower level of healthcare services utilization and a lower severity level of services performed. For our Medicare business, this lower than expected utilization continues to be driven by the continued effectiveness of our 15 percent Solution and the group accounts we gained at the beginning of this year. For our Commercial segment, the utilization declines are across all Medicare lines of business. Second, in addition to the beneficial effects of lower utilization, we also continue to benefit from both pricing discipline as evidenced by our premium per member per month members and our administrative cost-reduction initiatives, which are on track to achieve our goal of $100 million in savings this year with a $200 million savings run rate for 2011. While our fourth quarter projections include the benefit of these cost reduction initiatives, we are more than offset by the shorter Medicare selling season, which this year, comprises all of our marketing expenses into the fourth quarter. Finally, as we disclosed in early October, Humana Military Healthcare Services was notified by the TRICARE Management Activity or TMA that it intends to negotiate with HMHS for a one-year extension of our administration of the TRICARE program in TMA South Region. While the extension is still subject to negotiation we no longer plan to record a right off of TRICARE good will in the fourth quarter. That, together with timing issues that resulted in a $0.06 per share acceleration of TRICARE earnings from the fourth quarter into the third quarter, increased our full year 2010 TRICARE earnings expectations by about $0.25 per share. Returning for a moment to Commercial Medical costs trends, we've reduced our estimated 2010 full year secular trend to a range of 4% to 5% in order to give effect to the unusually low levels of medical services utilization that we, as well as the entire industry, are experiencing this year. We continued to see low utilization levels for almost all medical services versus historical levels. Additionally, as mentioned above, the mix of services we are experiencing continued to be less severe than in recent years. Accordingly, we've raised our 2010 Commercial pretax outlook by $105 million today. So looking at the full year 2010, we are experiencing a Commercial cost trend that's roughly 3% lower than we anticipated at the beginning of the year, which in turn, has been reflected in the increased pretax earnings guidance we've issued as we've progressed through this year. Although we're not issuing 2011 guidance until Investor Day, we would expect that medical cost trends in the Commercial segments will revert closer to historical levels and we've priced accordingly. Turning last to operating cash flows and capital deployment. We've continued to generate strong operating cash flows during the third quarter, with $1,210,000,000 versus $940 million in the third quarter of 2009. This brought our 2010 year-to-date total operating cash flows to $2,290,000,000 versus $1,150,000,000 in the same period a year ago. The year-to-date cash flows from operations improved in tandem with our operating results, as well as the corresponding favorable changes in working capital items, particularly medical claims payable, as well as expense accruals. Given the increased fourth quarter administrative expense spending that I referenced a minute ago, together with our annual fourth quarter cash settlements with CMS, we don't expect an increase in our operating cash flows for the remainder of the year. Consequently, our 2010 full year operating cash flows are now expected to be in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion versus $1.4 billion in 2009. As always, we continue to evaluate bearing opportunities to ensure shareholders receive the benefit of our increasing parent cash balance. And we are pleased to repurchase an additional $50 million of our shares this quarter. This brings our year-to-date share repurchases to $100 million for just under 2 million shares. Our capital deployment efforts remain focused on effectiveness building capital expenditures, potential acquisitions and strategic investments, as well as continuing to repurchase our shares. Having and conserving ample capital liquidity provide us the financial flexibility that we need in order to compete effectively in the new environment as it continues to unfold. So to conclude, we are pleased with both our financial results and our operational progress during the third quarter. We are confident that our updated 2010 earnings guidance range of $6.40 to $6.50 per share reflects our organizational experience and competency, as well as our continued discipline and intentional approach to the current and coming operating environment. With that, we'll open the phone lines for questions. We request that each caller ask only two questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue. Operator, please introduce the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: I have a question just a little bit about the PDP strategy for 2011, particularly in light of the repositioning that we saw for 2010 and I know you've said in the past that not every product in every region has to be a 5% target for it, for a part of that overall goal. So maybe you could help us with the Wal-Mart product, the national product. What are some of the key factors that you guys put in when coming up with that pricing? Maybe talk a little about administrative leverage or ability to convert MA long term? Or how should we sort of think about that product?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. If you think about our average premium for our existing PDP membership, it's around $40 and the Wal-Mart premium, as you all know, is about $15. The factors that we evaluate with our actuaries and with the folks from Wal-Mart included us being willing to take a reduced profit from our existing PDP membership. We got better rates from Wal-Mart as you might expect than our base in our regular PDP membership. We're assuming that we'll have a much increased generic dispensing rate from our existing block of business. There is some amount of risk sharing that Wal-Mart was willing to take with us, that baked into that. Some of those favorable things are offset by our anticipation that our rebates would drop because of the increase in the generic drugs that people will take. And if you think about our existing block of business, there's a certain amount of risk element in that and although we are anticipating a slightly better risk profile and so there were some beneficial effect of that. When you put all those factors together, we were able to get to the $15 national premium, which we're very pleased about that as we work with Wal-Mart, they were very desirous of having one national premium and we felt very comfortable that we could do that. And as I think Mike has shared with many of you as he's gone around to the various investor meetings, what we think is that having a relationship with the senior population is going to benefit us long term. Additional products and services can be used in that existing membership base, the $15 thus produce a nice profit for us going forward and we just think it's an opportunity to grow our relationship with a significant number of seniors this year.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay, so you said maybe a lower profit percentage, but still a nice profit for you guys?
James Murray: That is correct.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Second question, the 15 percent Solution and continue to see the progress there, there's a lot of different phases and timings depending on county and membership, could you help us understand when do you feel like you really need to be there? When do you need to be at that full 15 percent Solution for your membership based on the reimbursement transition that we're going to see over the next, call it six years or so?
James Murray: This is Jimmy Murray again. As you all hear, when you're all here in November, we're very pleased with the progress that we're making on the 15 percent Solution. We monitor that regularly. It was helpful for us, as Mike said, in his remarks, to be able to produce premiums and benefit levels this year, which we think will favorably impact the persistency that we've experienced with our M&A block this past year. As we look forward, we anticipate that by 2014, we could be in really good shape as respect to the 15 percent Solution. And so for us, it's a journey. We expect improvement each and every year, which will help us to keep our premiums low until 2014 and we would hope that by 2014, the 15% or more solution is in place in a lot of the places that we do business. We're very pleased with the progress we're making.
Michael McCallister: Josh, this concept of managing care and organizing care has been around for a long time and I've been saying for the last year and a half, that I'm really becoming comfortable that we're starting to see traction as we integrate all this because it is a different approach than historically what we have bore out of the Managed Care world. We are dealing with better data sets, better customer relationship management capabilities. We've learned a lot with the work we've done with the most fragile folks we take care of. It's just been interesting now we're beginning to connect better information flows, better data, very focused ROI approach to deciding where we're good to spend our money and where we're going to work. It looks pretty good in terms of being able to squeeze out what I've been talking about forever, which is a huge amount of waste and nonsense in the Medicare program.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Could you give us an update on your bonus for your stars for NCMS?
James Murray: Yes, we've got the scores on about 42 Humana plans. We're not doing, as well as we would like. We look at the process and the methodology. We're working with the Government to try to create something that we think would be a better measure of quality, and we think there should be more waiting towards clinical evaluations as opposed to some of the other measures that are currently a part of the process. Now that it's a part of our payment methodology, rest assured that Humana will become very good at quality. But again, we would really like to have a discussion with folks in Washington about a better approach towards quality and what quality can ultimately become for the seniors that we serve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe I could ask couple of questions on the Commercial side of the business. I'm curious what you're seeing in terms of the trend on your individual non-employer book going into next year. And the extent to which HHS granting some leeway for states to phase in the MLR rules is critical on that product from your perspective.
Michael McCallister: I'll start. Well, we don't -- barring some changes in terms of the implementation of the MLRs, next year is not going to be a good year for the R [ph] Individual book of business we've separate forward. We're fortunate that it's slightly bigger than it is. But the 80% just doesn't work in the short-term and the administration knows that, we know that and the insurance commissioners know that across the country. So that's why you're seeing so much noise around people trying to think about exceptions to that, deferral of it, delay of it, transition of it. It is very disruptive to the individual market and while it's something that we're not happy with in terms of the impact that Humana, it's not a huge impact to us. And I think at the end of the day, as we get for the rest of it, they're going to realize that this is going at a minimum need to be transitioned, if not, put off completely. But news on 11 on that.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And maybe more on the group side of the business, are you seeing a pickup in interest in self funding, I know it's been out there, but is that -- has that increased at the higher end of your, maybe in the middle market and certainly in the large group?
James Murray: As you know, the self funding has escaped the boundaries of healthcare reform. There's no minimum MERs for self funding, there's no exchanges and there's no premium tax. So we look to self funding as an opportunity for us and we're looking at ways to think about whether we want to go to smaller case sizes on a self-funded kind of a basis. But frankly, we're not seeing any strong movement towards self funding in the last several months, but they're always looking to see whether we're seeing changes in the way that companies buy our products but haven't seen anything of that of late.
Michael McCallister: Clearly, that health reform will push people in that direction over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Just the first question on Medicare Advantage membership, I think you mentioned that you expect the individual membership to be similar to what you had this year. Can you break that down for us again? And also, any commentary of the corporate market for 2011?
James Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. We've gotten into some discussions and relationships with large, mostly Government accounts. We don't have any for January of this year. As I step back and try to figure out why that's the case, it appears like the governments that we do business with run in packs, if you will. The first group that we were able to sell for January of this past year, I would characterize as very progressive in terms of their thinking and solutions. And so we were very pleased that we were able to write so many this year. We're having conversations with others. I would suggest that there might be some opportunity to sell some larger cases during the course of 2011, not January, and perhaps more towards January of 2012. What we're trying to do is to demonstrate to these folks that we've seen great success with some of the large cases that we wrote in January of this year, we'll share some of that with you when you're here in November. As respect to our individual sales, there's lots of rhetoric about the number of Private Fee-for-Service exits, just the kind of -- summarize a lot of that, I would suggest that there's probably 700,000 Private Fee-for-Service members where their current carrier is changing. And of that, we're about 100,000 or so of those directionally, which leaves about 600,000 members that are held by our competitors. Of that 600,000, our competitors have products that would cover 250,000 of those individuals and so we'll see the success that our competitors might have on selling them from a Private Fee-for-Service to a network-based offering. So that's something that has to play itself out. Outside of our footprint is another 100,000, so that leaves about 250,000 folks that are in our footprint and don't have competitor offerings that we have to deal with. And so as the leader of the market point organization shared with me, we'll sell as many of those as we possibly can and so that's what we were really targeted on. Other things that are impacting this open enrollment period is the shorter selling season, so that negatively impacts us to some extent. Offsetting that is the stability of our premiums and benefits, and we're looking to see that our persistency improves because of that. So there are really a lot of variables that we're trying to evaluate when we give guidance and when you're here in November, we'll share a lot of that information with you. But at this point, we're comfortable saying we'll sell as many individual members next year as we did this past year.
Michael McCallister: I would add that in the large group Medicare space, I don't know that that's going to play out to be a January event every year. This is the type of business where they can change during the year and we've seen some of that in the past. So the timing might be a little bit different on it.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: One other question just on the Commercial business, without getting into specifics, it seems like there's, like you mentioned, some headwinds on the individual side. Can you kind of give us directionally how you think about Commercial operating profit next year? And maybe any offsets you might be able to put in place via commission changes?
Michael McCallister: Well, we will definitely be looking at commissions and we're looking at administrative costs and a lot of things we can do to soften the impact from all this and we're doing all of them. You want to add to that?
James Murray: The only thing I would add is that, this past year, we and others in our industry have enjoyed a very good utilization season. We're not anticipating that, that will recur next year because we want to be careful. So our pricing and visions but our trends will go back to normal levels and the windfall that we received this past year might not recurr. So that would be one of the things that I would put out there as you're trying to figure out our earnings from our Commercial block of business next year as something that will impact us. The other thing is the individual business, it's a good thing that it's only 2% of our total revenue. But the MER changing from where it's running today to 80% is a negative.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Rigg from Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just a quick question, could you provide any color on any areas of specific utilization declines? And if possible, give us a sense of any differences you've seen in the Commercial versus the Government side of the business?
Michael McCallister: As I mentioned, in terms of the trend, you've seen basically, and as Jim has just mentioned, basically we've seen trends dropped 3%. Generally speaking, the most improvement we've seen is in the severity area, the rates continue to be, tends to be good competition and good pressure on the rates, but the severity that is of the services performed have been the larger component of the decline.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And then just a quick follow-up on the G&A savings you're expecting for this year, I think you had talk about previously of $100 million and $200 million long-term. Can you give us an update as to where that savings plan stands at this point?
James Bloem: We're very pleased with the progress that we've made so far. We know that we have $100 million realized and we have the run rate of $200 million that we're working our way to get in terms of the run rate. We're very assured that we're going to see that for 2011. When we look at our overall spending, though, part of what we said with our administrative cost reductions is that they would be also accompanied by a sort of reconfiguring our competencies to get more in line with what the competitive realities are going to be and what the law was going to require. So when we look at it in an overall sense, you can't really see it on the income statement, although we're very pleased with third quarter results and year-to-date results. But when you look at our SG&A and ratio, that's where I think you can see the real impact of it, if you remove the debt write off that we made in the second quarter, you put 40 basis points off of what we're saying for the year of between 13.5 to 14 so that takes into the 13 in a quarter range and we think that's very good progress given what we've needed to invest in to become compliant and to become effectively competitive in light of the new environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady from Credit Suisse.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: I want to understand the expectations a little bit better for the narrowing of the marketing window. And to what extent does a shorter window really hurt you in the enrollment process? And any initial read you have on that and whether you've taken that in consideration in the preliminary outlook for 2011 enrollment that you shared at the beginning of the call?
James Murray: Sure. The narrowing of the window for selling is about, we think, 65,000 less sales that we would make. Offsetting that to some extent, however, is the fact that when you narrow the selling window, you also narrow the termination window. And so we think those are somewhat offsetting, but that in time will play that out for us.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: And when you pulled forward the expense, so you're going to be spending about the same amount of money in total? Or are we able to reduce the actual total annual spend as a result of the shorter window?
James Murray: When we pulled it forward, we have a couple of things that we've mentioned we're going to be spending in the fourth quarter. Last time we mentioned the $75 million or $0.28 a share, but we didn't describe it to Wal-Mart because we haven't announced Wal-Mart, but that's what it is. But then there's the non-Wal-Mart part, and again, because of the acceleration and because of wanting to make sure that we get ourselves into making expenditures that help us grow profitably, but also give us multiple years of savings and also reduce our medical costs, those are increasing our fourth quarter spending a lot. And again, coming back to your question then I think that, that does pull a lot of it into the fourth quarter in terms of what we're going to be looking at next year.
James Murray: I would agree with that. Just a little bit of color. From a short-term perspective, the shortening of the selling season impacts our career selling organization. But we're really excited with a lot of the focus that we got on other kinds of products throughout the course of the year. And I would suggest that over time, and this will be a journey, that as our selling organization creates relationships with folks around other kinds of products and services that Humana will offer on a retail basis, that the need to do the amount of marketing spend in the last part of the year will begin to diminish. And so that's kind of how we see this playing out. But short-term, as Jim said, it was probably the same amount as last year, plus a little bit more for Wal-Mart.
Charles Boorady - Crdit Suisse AG: So 2010, you have a double whammy because you spent at the beginning of this in the first quarter and now you're spending a full year's worth in the fourth quarter on an ongoing basis next year and beyond, will the total annual spend be about the same? Or more? Or less?
James Bloem: That's not determined until we actually sort of see where we sit from a competitive position. So we always have a number out here that we have in mind. But that moves every year, and we've been doing this for several years now based on what we learned relative to our competitive posture.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: First just a quick question on the MA sales relative to the 2010 guidance for the 250,000 to 260,000 adds, how would that break out between individual versus group sales?
James Bloem: The group sales for 2010 was about $198,000, so the rest is $730,000 in total, there's plan to plan changes of $150,000.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Just you gave some good initial color just on sales expectations for MA in 2011 and can you maybe walk through the same exercises just around preliminary views on Commercial group enrollment for 2011?
James Murray: We'll do a lot of that in November, if that's all right with you?
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Just on the change in your guidance for in-patient and out-patient rates, you're now looking at low to mid-single digits which looks to be very favorable. How does that road break out between improvements, let's say, in the severity adjustments as compared to the base rates? Are you seeing base rates actually coming down to that level? Or is it really just that you're seeing a much more favorable dynamic around severity?
James Bloem: It's the second one, Scott, the severity is the main driver. There a lot of pressure on rates, but severity is what's driving the reduction in trend.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Where would you qualify your base rates within at this point?
James Bloem: We think that the guidance we gave is pretty close on rates. But again, you saw that from last quarter, it's like that two knives dropped. So within that range, again, we still believe that severity is the most, but now that the utilization is down and the number of episodes is down, there's pressure on the rates, too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess I wasn't clear on this earnings guidance chart, but the Q4 guidance where you take $0.06 out of the x TRICARE earnings. What is that related to?
James Bloem: What we have had before was, we had said in the fourth quarter because of the contract, we were going to write off goodwill, we're not going to do that. In addition to that, we have some transition costs in there which were about $0.06 that went along with exiting the contract and that's stated there. And then one more, there's another $0.06 and that's the $0.06 that comes with the improvement in TRICARE's performance for their overall for the year. So again, TRICARE, that's why we basically said that we, looking at TRICARE for the year now, are saying $0.25 a share is the improvement from when we talk 90 days ago to today.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company, LLC: So even though the $0.06 write off was related to TRICARE goodwill, you called it improving operating performance x TRICARE?
James Bloem: It was basically, with the TRICARE write off team, additional cost to transition out of the contract because the goodwill write-off is a matter of matching up cash flows with the carrying value of goodwill. But then there were also was originally in there some transition costs. The improvement was basically a forwarding on the operating side of what we would probably have in the fourth quarter into the third quarter.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And I then guess on the cash flow statement, the cash balance on the corporate year seems -- to me, it seems like it's burning a hole in your pocket. How do you think about deploying that cash? Is there a timeline for presenting about how much cash you need at corporate? How quickly you want to deploy the capital? And whether there's a situation where you say, hope there's some time line if i don't see an acquisition, then share repurchase makes more sense.
Michael McCallister: First, let me say it's not burning a hole in our pocket, let me make that clear. So nothing really has fundamentally change. Obviously, we had great cash flow for the quarter. We're positioned beautifully to do what we need to do strategically. We continued to look at things constantly in terms of the types of things we've shared with you in the past. Around our base businesses, as well as some purple types of things. So we'll continue to do our work, try to find the best use of that cash. We will continue to do that. You saw that we, in fact, bought a few shares this last quarter to kind of keep our toe in the water there and will do so going forward when it makes sense. So nothing has fundamentally changed. I just think it's a pretty high-class problem to have right now given some of the inflection points we're looking at relative to health insurance reform and that sort of thing. So I like where we are.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Is there a good time though where you think things might shake out? Or any data points in particular that you're looking forward to, to kind of gauge when things might change and allow you to deploy that capital.?
Michael McCallister: We can never drive the timing of these things, but I would expect some things to occur over the next year or so. We've got a lot of our lions under fire, but nothing to report today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex from JPMorgan.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I want to follow-up on your comments on severity and severity coming in better. So typically, when you thought about the economic impact of low utilization, it's been kind of a more practitionally primary care. A lot of procedures have come out and in fact, we think from the hospital reports that we see case in this index rising. So it's lower acuity care isn't occurring and using your overall severity increase for most of the hospitals. So seems like you're kind of seeing something different. I just want to get a little more color about what do you see going on in terms of depressed utilization that is biasing away from what you would think could be a kind of more emergent stuff to the more primary care.
Michael McCallister: I think that last comment is really what it is personally, when we look at it slightly shorter stays, less intensive procedures, more monitoring around the care that's given, again, as an industry and particularly us as a company. And this comes back to the administrative spend we talked about before. We're getting better at figuring out what the appropriate care is and making sure that the people who really need that care get it. And again, continuing to bargain for rates. And so we put the baseline rate with the severity and talked about them together, but says it was mostly severity.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And are you seeing something different? Again, I'm seeing case mix index rise across all the hospitals because lower duty stuff is not happening, and so you're seeing kind of the opposite. I'm just wondering if maybe you're breaking it out different when you're talking about the severity actually coming down where we're seeing mingle and that everywhere else?
Michael McCallister: It could be. Again, the way we think of severity, again, has to do with when you look at a given procedure, you compare that procedure to the prior year and prior periods. It seems to us that there's less and there's less complexity in the cases. And again, as an industry, and us as a company, making very sure that the appropriate care has been given and being given to the appropriate patient.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And the underlying trend there being kind of similar between your Government program books and your Commercial books in terms of this?
Michael McCallister: Actually, not so much. There, again, in terms of the Medicare, as Mike has mentioned and as we've talked at length and you'll see when you come later this month, the 15 percent Solution has a lot to do with how care is administered and how we help coordinate care, and integrate care for better costs, for lower costs, for better quality, for better outcomes. So that part, we can look that. What I was speaking more of and when I talk more about these trends, I'm talking more about what the Commercial looks like.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then not to jump too far to your point on later on this month, but you've kind of actually laid out in a way a couple of the maybe headwind and tail winds to getting some operating earnings growth next year and I wondered if you could just go through that, just frame up just broadly. I know you're not giving us earnings numbers till a few weeks from now, but broadly could you say what the big blockers are to achieving operating earnings growth next year?
James Bloem: I think the best thing to do really, John, is to wait until you come here because it is a story that takes a long time to tell that's why we're going to devote a half a day to it. We'll be issuing the guidance I have on the same-day as that. So I have a great feel of time to go through each of those factors. The ones that we've mentioned today, though are the major ones and again, but there's again a lot of new answers and there'll be a lot more questions, I think, if we get into a summary and go on with that. We'd much rather have everyone plan on coming for the half day on November 18.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I mean would your expectation be that you should be able to achieve some operating earnings growth next year?
Michael McCallister: Well, we'll get into that on the 18th. You've heard the big items there, the Medicare Advantage is going to grow, we've got an interesting opportunity with the PDP, product with Wal-Mart, that's likely to grow. We've got some challenges on the individual business relative to the MLR and I think beyond those major headlines today, I think we'll just wait till the 18 to get into.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte from Sanford Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: Just going back to the Medicare per debits, I think your margins are somewhere in the high singles as I understand. Can you tell us a little more, quantitatively, what your expectations are in the base case a little of the margins with this new product design? And then in terms of downside risk to those margins, either if the new membership trades down and you have lower co-pays or the health risk is less predictable, can you point to some elements of the preliminary design and how you're managing risk around that?
James Murray: We prefer not to talk about the profitability of any of our individual products. We have a nice margin on our PDP that fits in our 5% framework that we've talked with you about before. What we are anticipating with Wal-Mart also fits in that 5% framework. We've done all kinds of scenarios to identify the best case and the worst case. In terms of risk selections and we feel comfortable with the $15 pricing that we put out there. The formulary is tighter than our existing PDP formulary. We think it's a good formulary. The Government has to approve it. We think it fits nicely with the overall Wal-Mart program and we feel comfortable that the $15 and the structure of the benefit program will allow us to produce a profit, that again, fits within the 5% framework that we've talked with you about many times.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: Switching gears then to Medicare Advantage, there have been a couple of transactions, one was the HealthSpring in bravo and then mimicry recently picked up Windsor health with sterling life. So would it be fair to say that your strategy seems to be more growth through organic approaches and you feel comfortable that you don't need to engage in transactions? And then, can you give us some color on how you see the competitive landscape evolving across your self in United, Kaiser, to Commercial players, and then possibly the smaller guys consolidating more actively?
Michael McCallister: Well, I think the future of Medicare Advantage is consolidation. The requirements that we're going to be dealing with, whether it's MLR, whether the cost of healthcare, we call it a 15 percent Solution, all those things are going to require investments, a lot of focus and execution and it's good to be difficult for smaller players to hang in there. So I think longer-term, you're going to see a couple of national players. You've named the other one. I think some of the smaller plants will ultimately do with these folks have been doing, which is sell out, and we look at those things whenever they pop up if we're given the opportunity. So we're not opposed to doing acquisitions. We've done them in the past in Medicare and if we can find a good plan that's got a decent infrastructure and physician community, then we would be most interested in it. Having said that, we have awful a lot of confidence that I think we've displayed over the last few years that we have the ability to grow organically. And as more moving parts are thrown into this, which is what we had with health insurance reform, I think that's actually an opportunity for us as it does sell to do quite well on Medicare. So we remain very focused on it, well buy if it makes sense, we'll grow organically under all circumstances and I think the future's pretty bright as long as there's good execution around the 15 percent Solution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities: Can you talk a little bit about the CIGNA joint venture and how the marketing event is going at this point?
Michael McCallister: We're underway with it. We said in the beginning it is probably more of a 2012 type of thing that it is in 2011. We've been working to get our act together and I think we're well down the road and I think there's big opportunities out there. There's about 11 million people that are getting retiree health care. And I think that represents a nice future opportunity for us as we fine-tune our relationship with them and our ability to give to these employers and show them the value proposition. I can tell you that the value proposition looks very, very good when you sit down with these employers. And It's just a question of how inertia-bound are they? What's their real interests relative to their retirees? And I think it's a nice opportunity, just one of many inside of this Medicare space.
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities: They're on track but not really adding to January group of Medicare business?
Michael McCallister: No, I'd look to '12 before you start to see traction there.
James Murray: We're seeing some small sales. So the relationship is starting to develop and we've got some small successes, but again, this 2012 looks like where we're headed.
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities: Then just one more piece of clarity of the $0.06 of negative operating performance in the fourth quarter, is any of that incremental marketing spend on top of the, say, the $0.28 that you talked about last quarter for added spend in the fourth quarter?
James Bloem: Yes, it is, and I looked to it earlier, but I didn't quantify it. But yes, it is in terms of -- we have because of the shorter selling season and because of all the non-Wal-Mart pieces, again, these are the kinds of things that help us grow membership, not in the Wal-Mart, but in the other places, help us lower medical costs. We talked earlier about Humana Cares and how we're working hard to get the top 5% of our most chronically I'll people into more integrated care and we're working hard on that. And also, the kinds of things that give a small over year administrative cost savings. So those are the kinds of things that are in the fourth quarter that are not the Wal-Mart.
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities: So is it all that $0.06, is it all added to the $0.28 so it's like $0.34 now of incremental marketing and advertising spend? Or there is something else in there?
James Bloem: It's all in there, but it's not explained by that totally. I mean, there's probably about $30 million to $40 million of additional things for the things that I mentioned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald from Citigroup.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: I just wanted to see if you have a sense of how the transition from Private Fee-for-Service to the new network products are going. Does the seniors how to opt out of it, is there any sort of milestones that you can look to? Or is it simply just hoping to not get the notification that they're opting out?
Michael McCallister: One of the things we say around here is, the people can vote with their fate. Currently, our PTO membership has grown from the year end of 352,000 up to 646,000. So I would suggest that, that's a pretty solid demonstration that folks are comfortable with the networks that we've assembled. I think as time goes on, and Mike has shared this with a lot of you in the past, the baby boomers have grown up being comfortable with PPO kinds of products and as we create relationships with the seniors that we serve, I think they get to know Humana and appreciate what Humana does and are willing to accept some network as opposed to the indemnity kinds of things that came with the Private Fee-for-Service offering.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson from Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: First, sort of a housekeeping question, the $0.14 that you broke out for reserves strengthening for individual at Q2, is that still in your Q4 expectation?
James Bloem: Yes, it is.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: So that was included in the $0.61?
James Bloem: Correct.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And then a lot discussion around trend that the comments that it's obviously coming in lighter than the expectation, and you commented do you expect it to ramp overtime? Just in helping us to think about the timing and the way that would impact the numbers, if we think about what you've seen this year and the changing benefit designs, do you expect a bigger ramp in Q4? And then a subsequent bigger dip in Q1 if we hold through constant, which obviously could be a swing factor? Just thinking of the next six months, how this may present itself in the numbers.
Michael McCallister: I don't think those things can actually be known. We're in the middle of an economic situation that this country hasn't seen in decades. So we were seeing last year in '09, some ramp up of healthcare expenses, we think people are moving all their spending forward as they're worried about losing their jobs. I think we've seen a whiplash on the other direction this year, but there's really no way to know exactly why it's doing what it's doing. So as you look forward, I think the smartest thing for us to do is not assume the level of news we have today going forward because this industry, I've been around a longtime, has been through this before for some reasons expenses have softened up and people started adjusting prices and they always miss the bottom of that when it goes back up again. So we are going to be cautious here. We're going to assume that we get back to more normal rates in the future and that's just our ongoing assumption at this point and it's going to take an awful lot of more data and time for us to get comfortable that we've seen a sort of a permanent change.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: But as you slice and dice the different offerings across your book, is there any intelligence to be gained from that as to how much of it is going to be sticky and persist longer term and how much of it is sort of a factor, just the exhaustion as factors you're talking about?
James Murray: I don't know that we have everything that would give us great insight into that right now.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And then maybe I'm just thinking about the commission changes that we may see, the logistics around that, how should we think about that flowing into the market with respect to both timing and mechanism? How is that going to be communicated, just that process, how do you see that playing out?
James Murray: This Jim Murray again. It's kind of interesting. It looks like everybody is going to wait for everybody else to do something with respect to the commissions and we're in that camp. We've seen two companies, commission structures come out and most of the commission changes, frankly are impacting the individual business. The small group where we've done a lot of studying around that and trying to figure out what we need to do, but frankly, small group for us hasn't been as impacted by health care reform as individuals. So I think what'll happen is, that sometime in January, everybody's going to lay their cards down and we'll try to react accordingly. We've seen again two other company's programs and we feel very good about what we've got coming out. One of the things that we'll share with the brokers that serve us, is that we are making available lots of other kinds of products and services, trying to make it easier for the brokers to do business with us. And so to the extent that we reduce our commission levels, hopefully they can make up some of that by participating in our other programs. And so I think we've got a nice rollout plan. We're waiting for a lot of other folks, so you'll see us rolling out a lot of information in January. We've got a nice tactical plan around that and we feel reasonably comfortable that we'll be in good shape. A lot of what has to happen over the next several years is we've got to move to other distribution channels and we're in the process of doing that. And I think others will do that over time as well.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And should we think about that timing of that as lining up with the way it plays out with respect to phase-in periods to the exempt or granted?
James Bloem: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Freds [ph] from Gleacher & Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Jim, in your August guidance, you had $0.14 of incremental policy reserve in the major individual major policy claims. Is that still in the guidance? What is it? And is that a fourth quarter item?
James Bloem: Yes, it is. It' still in the guidance. And again, there were some in the third and some on the fourth equal amounts of each, just $0.07 and $0.07, if you're looking for the $0.14. It has to do with again, strengthening the reserves, the individual business basically helping it move to the near 80%, let's say required at the minimal MNR threshold requirement.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies & Co.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Mike, in your prepared remarks, you talked about managing the Commercial Group business for profitability. I wondered if those comments implied any more aggressive moves going into 2011 around that business? Any change in strategy or trajectory there?
Michael McCallister: I don't know of anything significant but I was referring to a couple of things. One is, We're not going to price to the current cost levels and as a result we may lose some business if we have competitors, that in fact are willing to cast their fate with that. So we're just not going to chase that. We've been in this posture for quite a while. I mean, this company has done very, very well in the back of Medicare and some other things. We haven't had the same sort of pressures to have Commercial do but I think that others had to do. And I think we're still in that spot. So we can be smart, we can be cautious and our success is not going to be driven by dramatic, Organic, Commercial business. So we can be cautious and that's what we're going to do.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And Jim Bloom, on the guidance, I want to make sure I'm understanding the fourth quarter impact. that It looks like to me if I take all the mid points, then the amount that you are not flowing through this quarter is upside to fourth quarter is about $0.11, it looks like $0.06 of that is TRICARE. Have you touched on the other $0.05? Is that the marketing spend that you mentioned to Peter, or am I calculating this wrong? Or is this something else?
James Bloem: It's basically that marketing spend that's close to the amount. There always are a number of variables, the pluses and the minuses, but the biggest factor would be what I would call a non-Wal-Mart investment spending to get ready for 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I'm trying to put together some of the pieces surrounding your pricing and cost-turned assumptions. You mentioned this morning that 2010 benefited from care management coordination and giving the appropriate levels of care and how this positively impacted your bad days per procedure or total expenditures per procedure. And then you also mentioned in 2011 that you expect trends to return to normalized levels, which is up about 200 to 300 basis points or so. So can you just conceptually walk us through some of the cases of how you got back up to that level next year?
Michael McCallister: Sarah, again, when we talk about that 300 basis points, that's really a Commercial, and we're looking at a trend and the trends I mentioned in the guidance, back in the Commercial part of the business. Again, as Mike and Jim has said, that's the smaller part of the business that's basically 10% of our pretax. The other part is our Medicare part, that's where we talk about 15 percent Solution and that's where we talk about how give the, as I've mentioned, the appropriate care to those patients who most need it. And that part, again, has helped us and has helped explain, again, how we can continue to keep premiums and benefits level in a year where, again, we've got a 10% challenge in 2010 and we're now saying that overall as a company, we're probably, our earnings will be the best that they've been. We also face the '11 situation where we have in Medicare a 5% trend and we're not getting any increase in rates. Again, we feel good about that. We'll talk more to you about that on the 18th. But again, thinking about those two things, one Commercial and the other Medicare, and then that's how we respond to what has generally improved performance have we talked about today.
Michael McCallister: Let me just follow up and then I'll say it one more time. We don't have everything in front of us that says, expenses are going to go up in the Commercial business next year. All we have is experience and we've seen a strange '09 relative to utilization. We're clearly using a strange '10. So We're in sort of an odd spot right now in terms of trying to predict what medical expenses are going to look like next year. And all I've said, in order to be conservative about our outlook, and not give ourselves in some sort of a buying, we're assuming more normalized numbers for next year. But I don't have anything in front of me right now that from a data perspective that would say that's going to happen.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And then on your part B strategy, I just wanted to understand a little bit about the seniors purchasing decision in light of the positive disruption that you're creating in the market this year. I know you mentioned that you're announces should decrease in confusion in senior is there nationwide price would be an important factor in selling the product and one of your competitors shared some of theirs. And now ours is showing that on their book, seniors preferred your deductible, and I know that differs from your strategy this year with Wal-Mart with the low premium and the year end $10 deductible. I was wondering if you could just give us any color on your analysis, maybe showing if you found seniors will prefer the lower premium or anything else driving your purchase decisions.
Michael McCallister: You were breaking up at the end of that, I didn't get the end of it.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Sure, I was asking if you could share any of your analysis around the seniors purchasing decision if it showed that they will prefer the lower premium over the zero deductible or anything else that would be driving their purchase decisions?
Michael McCallister: No, I'm not going to get specific, but I will tell you we've studied seniors buying patterns extensively and we know that they segmented into different groups and to think that they're homogenous group would be wrong, they're not. And so, certain people are attracted to certain product designs that's why we have more than one product on the street. Some are focused on the benefits specifically, some are focused on the premiums. And knowing who they are and how to approach them is sort of the secret sauce around here in terms of being able to sell. So we know that this Wal-Mart offering is going to appeal to a pretty wide swap of folks because of this low premium in a way that it's structured and the fact that brands attached to it are quite strong. So all of that matters, we studied it. We continued to do it. We want to get better and better over time and knowing how to reach the market and we've learned a lot in just the last four years and in an area where you're going to have pretty short selling periods, you better be very good at this, so we think it's a critical component of how we operate our Medicare business just to understand how to approach these people. And if we've tripped a couple of times as we've learned this business, as some of you know, but right now I feel pretty good that this particular product is very focused on a pretty wide swap of the population, but it is built on the back of our understanding of what people want.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Tom Carroll from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just a quick last-second clarification, on your MA growth comment, were you speaking from a net expectations perspective? I missed that.
James Murray: On a net basis, yes.
Operator: There are no further questions in the quarter.
Michael McCallister: Okay, terrific. Well, Thanks for joining us this morning. We have a lot of work ahead of us. We have a lot of people in this company implementing our health insurance reform bill and we are fully engaged in doing that and we're pleased with the quarter. The year looks good. We're excited about what Medicare is going to do for us in January. We look forward to seeing all of you later this month and I'd like to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call for making this great performance possible. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Michael McCallister - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee James Murray - Chief Operating Officer Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc. Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Maria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may now go ahead.
Regina Nethery: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our second quarter 2010 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the investor relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the investor relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's press release, as well as in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's press release and other historical financial news releases are available on our investor relations website. All of our SEC filings are available on the investor relations page of Humana's website, as well as on the SEC's website. Humana's results for the second quarter and year-to-date in this presentation include financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures is included in both today's press release and the slide presentation. This slide shows the reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures being used today. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael McCallister: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks this morning, I'll speak not only to Humana's operational progress, which was the primary driver of our favorable second quarter results but also to how Humana continues to invest in innovative delivery and care management support systems to help our members in the post health insurance reform environment.  I'll begin with our financial results for the quarter. For the second quarter, Humana earned $2.11 per share on a non-GAAP basis, $0.44 above the midpoint of our guidance. This compares to the $1.67 per share we reported in last year's second quarter. We are very pleased that our underlying operating earnings and cash flows demonstrates solid operational progress in both our business segments for the first half of this year.  As we look ahead to the remainder of 2010, we now expect full year earnings per share in the range of $5.65 to $5.75, reflecting our improving operating results, higher-than-expected favorable prior-period claims development and the write down of deferred acquisition cost, as well as some offsetting newly anticipated expense items for the back half of 2010, all of which Jim will discuss more fully in his remarks.  We continue to experience strong operating performance in both our business segments and believe we are positioned to ensure that momentum carries on in the long term. To that end, continuing to gain traction with our Medicare Advantage 15 percent Solution becomes all the more critical, and as we shared with you in the past, there are four primary elements to the 15 percent Solution. One is the early identification of members most in need of integrated care; two, ensuring that our members benefit from the integration of clinician-based support; pharmacy solutions; physician guidance and wellness and productivity initiatives that all comprise our clinical guidance model; and three, managing claims costs through diligent timely reviews of provider coding and admission status, as well industry-leading fraud detection and lastly analysis for physician outcomes versus utilization to ensure we develop an efficient and effective network for our members. I'll spend the bulk of my remarks this morning discussing how our progress on the 15 percent Solution increasingly creates a value proposition that we believe will continue to be appealing to seniors for many years to come. I'll also highlight Humana Cares, one of the many 15 percent Solution clinical programs that provide a great return on investment for both our senior members and Humana.  Let's start with our provider network development activities. Approximately four years ago, we began to expand our Medicare network to ensure long-term access for our senior members. We have long believed that Medicare Advantage payment rates would eventually be at parity with original Medicare and recognized the importance of network solutions in helping to address medical costs. This map demonstrates the results of that work to date. It clearly shows the broad extent of our networks, the factoring ensuring our Medicare members have the access to doctors and hospitals they need and want, while at the same time providing a more cost-effective alternative, thus enhancing our value proposition. Our networking initiatives are also expected to result in a smooth transition for our Private-Fee-for-Service members in 2011. We have filed for network plans around much of the nation and anticipate approximately 95% of our current PFFS members will have the option of either remaining in their current plans or transitioning to a network plan next year.  Now let's look at how our clinical guidance positively affects health outcomes. I'd like to briefly describe Humana Cares, a good example on how we put the 15 percent Solution into action. Humana Cares is a new holistic approach to consumer engagement whereby a multi-disciplinary team coordinates a Medicare Advantage members care in close cooperation with the member, the member's doctors, pharmacy, family and community-based resources. This complex chronic care management program focuses on the member and his or her experience, not just the case or the disease. The program employs predictive models to identify individuals before critical events occur. A primary nurse is assigned to the member and becomes that individual's personal contact and advocate across the healthcare system. This primary nurse works with the team, including physicians, who continue to own the treatment plant, family, community-based support and behavioral and social service experts. The member also becomes an active participant by developing individualized self-care goals, which support behavior change through proven psychological techniques, while maintaining the critical support system I just mentioned.  This program is especially effective with our most fragile members, many with multiple chronic conditions and restrictions on activities of daily living. More than 75,000 Humana members are projected to participate in the Humana Cares program this year. For those who have been in the program at least a year, clinical outcomes include reductions in hospitalizations, which are down 36%; emergency room visits, down 22%; outpatient procedures, down 14%; and physician visits, down 23%.  The improvements in quality of life are equally impressive. As detailed on the chart, Humana Cares members reports life-enhancing progress across a number of factors, including health status, pain levels, sleep disruption and depression. Further, an independent survey revealed that 77% of Humana Cares participants are more confident and comfortable proactively addressing their medical conditions.  Humana Cares is only one component of our broad-based 15 percent Solution. Let's step back and take a look at how the four major elements: early identification, clinical integration and guidance, claims cost management and provider contracting come together in an integrated fashion to provide comprehensive results. The comparison of Humana's utilization to traditional Medicare provides an overall snapshot of the effectiveness of the 15 percent Solution. Inpatient acute admissions were more than 7% less for Humana's Medicare Advantage members compared to traditional Medicare, while the hospital readmission rate within 30 days of a discharge was approximately 9% less. As expected, outpatient surgery visits were 30% higher. Emergency room visits declined nearly 16% with only a nominal change in physician office visits.  I often speak about productivity gains in Medicare spending. Increasing outpatient surgery volume traded against lower inpatient utilization is a good example to why such productivity gains are good for the patient and for Humana. While these utilization reductions are impressive, weekly value quality improvements in the lives of our members and strive for progress across numerous measures. Comparisons to original Medicare measures have been historically difficult due to a lack of data transparency, but our industry is now beginning to gain access to more expansive data from CMS.  We consider data like that shown on the right side of this slide as further evidence of the value our coordinated clinical efforts add to the good work of physicians around the country. This work represents a growing body of evidence that healthcare for seniors can be organized and improved and that our government needs the good work of companies like Humana to help with the solvency of the Medicare program over the long term.  Ultimately, the 15 percent Solution must help position Humana for long-term success in an environment where payment rates are changing. As you can see from this slide, our efforts, though not complete, continue to bear fruit. This chart shows our current medical cost positioning versus the adjusted Medicare payment rates we ultimately expect to receive as the new Medicare payment quartiles are phased in over the next several years. We are very pleased with the good work the leaders and associates across the company have done and continue to do here.  Were it not for our 15 percent Solution work, our Medicare Advantage members would likely have seen substantial benefit reductions in 2011. This graph shows the medical cost trend used by CMS in determining Medicare payment rates each year, broken down between the current year forecast and the catch-up adjustment as prior-year actual experience becomes known. Clearly, there is a disconnect that we believe will get better over time as original Medicare claims history from the most recent payment years completes. The funding formula must by law reflect actual costs in out years as data matures, so that the payment rates more accurately reflect long-term cost trends in the Medicare program.  In the interim, we've invested the payments we received, which were above original Medicare, in recent years quite wisely. Using these dollars to not only improve coverage for seniors across the nation but also to: one, build expanded provider network systems, some of which have tested and proven innovative payment models; and two, to build technology support in the care management systems that drive innovative delivery system models. This investment has positioned us to reduce the unfavorable impact on our senior members of the temporary imbalance of 2010 and '11 between Medicare payment rates and what actually is happening the with medical costs. Turning briefly to health insurance reform, although it might appear that major aspects of the new laws won't take affect for several years, a number of them are already in place. As you can imagine, insuring that all elements of health insurance reform are incorporated into our businesses seamlessly is no small task. We have well over a 100 leaders across the organization actively involved in health insurance reform project teams on a daily basis. These leaders represent all lines of business in functional areas. The lead more than 10 strategic teams and more than 30 tactical project teams. Product filings and rate filings are at or on their way to state DOIs in approximately 40 states. About 20 Humana leaders from a number of functional areas are actively involved in regulatory committees at the NAIC, AHIP and the American Academy of Actuaries. A number of external experts linked to reform are also providing us additional perspective. By quickly establishing appropriate processes, we are moving down the path to ensure what we believe will be a smooth and effective ongoing transition for our members over the next few years. With initial commercial business implementation deadlines of September 23 of this year, we believe we are well positioned. In fact, within a month of the bill's passage, we've demonstrated our commitment to rapid progress by becoming one of the first companies in our sector to offer coverage for dependent children up to age 26.  With respect to our TRICARE business, the Department of Defense has issued several RFP amendments since our last earnings call, each superseding the previous one. However, just this past week, we submitted our final proposal revision to the TRICARE Management Activity. Our team has shown its mettle in dealing with the many starts and stops that are inherent in this process. Given this uncertainty, our projections continue to assume the contract will transition to another carrier after the first quarter of 2011 that we continue to be hopeful that we will retain the contract. Turning now to our Commercial segment. Our underlying operating results have improved substantially versus the prior year. Non-GAAP second quarter pre-tax earnings for this segment were $115 million compared to the $35 million we reported for Commercial segment pre-tax earnings in the second quarter of 2009. This improvement reflects a combination of pricing discipline, lower levels of healthcare services utilization and our focus on lowering administrative costs. With respect to membership, we continue to adjust our commercial footprint to focus on those geographies where we can compete and win. We are also working to increase the value of each commercial member through cross-buying opportunities for our specialty, financial protection, behavioral health and mail-order pharmacy products.  Nationwide, reform is likely to increase the individual market over the long term by between 23 million and 40 million new eligibles according to a recent McKinsey study. While it is clear the individual market represents a significant growth opportunity, we will need to learn more about the regulatory implications of state's approaches to product offerings and exchanges to fully assess this opportunity. What we do expect is that the knowledge we have accumulated through our more than 25 year focus on the retail senior population will serve us well in this market, which clearly is going to evolve towards a more individual consumer focus.  In summary, some have expressed concern over future growth opportunities in Medicare Advantage. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has projected significant disenrollment across the sector as payment rates move towards original Medicare. Against this backdrop, we believe the higher quality and lower cost embedded in our 15 percent Solution will enable us to continue to grow. This is particularly good news, not only for seniors enrolled in Humana's Medicare Advantage plans, but also for the millions of baby boomers nationwide who will age into the Medicare program in coming years.  With the continued success of our consumer-oriented approach to health benefits and now to lifelong well being, Humana faces the post-reform future with confidence. Our aggressive approach to preparing for and implementing reform is already paying off. Our traditional strength in Medicare Advantage and in the one-to-one approach is directly line with two post-reform mega trends: the coming vast expansion of the individual market and the age wave of baby boomers moving into Medicare.  Through it all, we continue our relentless and successful focus on four operating principles that have served us well, and we expect will continue to do so for years to come: consumer-focus products, industry-leading cost, robust actionable data and constant innovation to help our members improve their health and well being. We look forward to expanding upon these concepts with you at our Investor Day on November 18 here in Louisville. Regina can provide details regarding that event offline. We are pleased with this quarter's operational progress and believe our forecast for the full year 2010 demonstrates the success our associates and leaders can achieve despite the numerous changes faced by our sector today.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
James Bloem: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by detailing the changes in our earnings per share since we reported the first quarter results on April 26. As Mike alluded to in his remarks and as indicated on the slide, there were several significant items that affected our earnings per share for both the second quarter and our full year 2010 outlook. First, during the second quarter we recorded $148 million or $0.55 per share of expense to recognize the substantial impairment of deferred acquisition costs or DAC associated with our individual medical product line. These costs, which include first-year broker commissions, as well as underwriting and other policy issuance costs, had been capitalized and then amortized over the life of our individual medical policies. We account for this line of business as a long-duration insurance product due to the guaranteed renewability provisions of the various contracts, plus, our fundamental approach to underwriting these plans. This results in pricing this book of business with a policy lifetime target medical expense ratio. From an accounting perspective, the amount of DAC on the balance sheet is continually compared to the ongoing actuarial assessment of the financial performance of these policies in order to determine whether the DAC asset is recoverable or impaired. In the second quarter, our assessment of the impact of health insurance reform, including among other things, the 80% minimum medical expense ratio, resulted in the DAC impairment charge. Additionally, in order to meet our new lifetime policy target medical expense ratio, we expect to record an additional $38 million or $0.14 per share of individual medical policy reserves in the second half of 2010. Thus as the slide shows, a total of $186 million or $0.69 a share of expenses will be recorded this year to conform our existing individual book of business to the mandates of the new health insurance reform legislation. Neither the DAC impairment charge nor the additional policy reserves affects 2010 operating cash flows. Second, we experienced an additional $38 million or $0.14 per share of higher-than-expected favorable medical claims development from prior years during the second quarter. As you may recall, we experienced $100 million of greater-than-anticipated favorable development during the first quarter. So with the additional $0.14 per share we experienced during the second quarter, we now have included $138 million of benefit from favorable development in our year-to-date earnings. The additional $38 million of prior period development recorded during the quarter consisted of $25 million associated with the Government segment, with the remaining $13 million being derived from our Commercial segment.  Third, and turning now to our 2010 operating performance, we also experienced approximately $79 million or $0.30 per share of greater-than-anticipated favorable development from the first quarter's medical expense estimates. This amount was recorded during the second quarter. Approximately $52 million of this $79 million related to the Government segment, with the remaining $27 million coming from the Commercial segment. Much of this favorable development was due to a lower level of healthcare services utilization, which has continued through the second quarter. Accordingly, first half year-to-date effected these lower medical cost trends, drove the majority of our over performance in the second quarter. I will elaborate on these trend improvements by business segments in just a minute, but as the slide shows, we've been cautious about re-projecting these lower utilization levels in our outlook for the second half of the year. Continuing with operations, the second quarter also benefited from favorable performance in most of our Ancillary and Specialty lines of business, as well as better than expected selling, general and administrative cost reductions. In the first half of 2010, we have made significant progress in realigning our cost structure and organizational competencies for the future. Finally, and still with respect to 2010 operations, as we move into the second half of the year, we now anticipate investing $75 million or $0.28 a share on two things: first, certain targeted growth initiatives for our Senior Products business; and second, enhanced infrastructure. For our Senior business growth initiatives, we've identified specific opportunities that we believe will enhance our ability to continue to grow membership in 2011. We look forward to sharing more of the details around these efforts in our third quarter earnings call, when we anticipate giving initial 2011 earnings guidance. That call is scheduled for November 1.  With respect to the enhanced infrastructure costs, we foresee investment spending on such items as increasing our capabilities with respect to the CMS five-star quality rating system, as well as continuing to build out our data capture and recording capabilities as required by the new health insurance reform law. To conclude this section, there were several significant items moving in opposite directions with respect to our second quarter results and our increased 2010 earnings guidance. Also, it's important to note that while we hope to retain the contract, our earnings guidance continues to include $50 million to $75 million or $0.19 to $0.28 per share of TRICARE charges associated with the loss of the South Region contract.  Turning next to the Government segment, As I previously mentioned, our second quarter results included $77 million of greater than anticipated favorable development, $52 million of which was derived from the first quarter and the remaining $25 million coming from prior years. Looking at our strong overall Government segment first half results, we experienced better than expected performance, primarily in our networked Medicare Advantage offerings, especially in our PPO plans. As we have discussed before, we've added approximately 190,000 Group Medicare members to our regional PPO plans in January. We've been pleased with the performance of these new groups, which experienced lower first quarter medical cost trends than previously estimated. We invested significant time and upfront effort when we enrolled these members in order to ensure that they were quickly integrated into our care coordination processes and clinical outreach programs. Accordingly, we have experienced lower than expected utilization of outpatient and physician services, as well as a higher generic substitution rate for these members.  As I mentioned in my opening remarks regarding our full-year earnings outlook, we have been cautious in projecting medical cost in the second half of the year. We have not assumed that the first half utilization improvement will continue at its current level through the second half of this year. In addition, since we experienced a significant increase in new Group Medicare members on January 1, we also remain cautious due to the possibility of a durational effect. The durational effect results in lower than normal claims cost during the initial month of membership, with claims reaching normal levels after the transition period is complete.  Moving on now to the Commercial segment. The second quarter results included a charge of $148 million for writing down our DAC asset, as I previously described. Additionally, we experienced $40 million of greater than anticipated favorable claims development, $27 million of which was derived from the first quarter, with the remaining $13 million coming from prior years.  On an operating basis, we're also pleased with the improvement in both our retail and group offerings. You will recall that last year we began experiencing higher than anticipated trends during the second quarter as a result of the number of issues, but primarily the deteriorating economy and the job markets. Thus comparing our year-to-date this year to year-to-date last year, we have experienced lower than anticipated medical cost trends and in particular, we've seen nearly flat overall physician costs, combined with negative inpatient admission trends and only a modest uptick in our outpatient utilization in the first half of the year. These trends also have been widely reported in the media.  Once again, however, we remain cautious about re-forecasting these trend improvements through the full year. I would also note that we will have some newly mandated benefits from health insurance reform beginning in the fourth quarter. In summary, we're pleased with the turnaround in overall improvement in our Commercial business this year, especially after a very challenging 2009.  Turning last to operating cash flows and capital deployment, we also are pleased to note solid progress on both these items. First, with respect to operating cash flows, we continue to generate strong second quarter operating cash flows of $325 million versus $162 million in the second quarter of 2009. This brings our total 2010 first half to $1,080,000,000 versus $207 million in the same period a year ago. As we detailed in our first quarter earnings conference call, this year's first half cash flows from operations benefited both from the nearly 190,000 increase in Medicare Advantage members since year end versus the first six months of last year, as well as the accompanying normal initial claims payment lag. And conversely, in 2009, the first half was unfavorably impacted by significantly greater PDP membership losses and corresponding claims runoff when compared to the first half of this year. Consistent with our improved but yet cautious earnings guidance for this year, we've raised our 2010 operating cash flows guidance range to $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion.  Second, with respect to capital deployment, we completed our annual discussions with the various state Departments of Insurance and the credit agencies during the second quarter. These discussions included reviews of our current statutory and surplus levels, our 2009 performance and our 2010 projections for each of the major operating subsidiaries. Based on these discussions, we remitted $747 million of dividends from the various operating units to the parent company this year. These dividends were the principle factors in the increase in our parent cash and investments to just over $1 billion at June 30, 2010.  We continue to both have and conserve ample liquidity and capital, which in turn continues to provide us with the financial flexibility needed to compete effectively in the new environment as it is unfolding. We were pleased to repurchase $50 million worth of our shares late in the quarter, following the conclusion of our discussions with the states and the rating agencies. Our capital deployment efforts remain focused on effectiveness building capital expenditures, potential acquisitions and strategic investments, as well as additional share repurchases.  To conclude, we are pleased with both our overall and operating results for the second quarter. We're confident that our updated 2010 earnings guidance range of $5.65 to $5.75 per share reflects the organizational experience and confidence that we have, as well as our continued discipline and intentional approach to the current and coming operating environment. As we move into the second half of 2010, we believe that we are both able to help our members face the uncertainty of the coming health insurance reform changes, as well as to remain financially strong and flexible as a company. Accordingly, we believe we're well positioned for continued success in providing high satisfaction to our members and solid operating results to our owners.  With that, we'll open the phone lines for questions. As usual, we request that each caller ask only two questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin from Barclays Capital.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: First question relates to Government segment and maybe more specifically your Medicare margins running a little bit above your 5% target. So curious just in terms of the timing of the recognition of that positive trend and maybe juxtapose that with your June bidding, and how we should think about margins for 2011 to give sort of know about all the good news? Or do you think some of this trends into next year?
Michael McCallister: Josh, I'll start by again setting the context. I mean we've always said we're targeting a 5% overall, and we did that again in the bid process. And the only question is, is where were we in terms of these trends. And there's no question that costs are soft enough this year, but we don't make any long-term assumptions off of relatively short-term data. So I think we did what we normally do, we bid based on what we knew at the time and put a 5% target for our overall business in place.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: I guess my thought is sort of understanding every year you target that 5%, but if you see favorable trends running post the submission of your bids, is it fair to assume that, that continues because your bids were just too conservative now with more hindsight?
Michael McCallister: The only way that can work, but even the 5%, as you know, we always continue to work on that. I mean, I target my bids at 5%. I always want to run better if I can because it means I'm further getting further down the path of solving my 15% problem. So again, the 5% is a target, we bid it that way, we try always to improve it, we reset it and what you're describing, which is happening to some extent here, we get a little bit better news. It's something we can't do much about it, the bids are already in.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: And then just sort of related to that, could you talk a little bit about the change in benefit design for 2011 maybe versus some of the changes that you made in 2010? Would you say it's not as dramatic, more dramatic? How did you guys think about from a bidding perspective?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. Mike went into a lot of detail around the 15 percent Solution, and also talked a little bit about the trend environment that we were beginning to see as we did our bids. And so I would suggest that next year's not only benefit designed but also the premiums will be very positively received by the senior members that we currently have or that we hope to acquire next year. I think that one of the things that we had is a going in desire was to reduce member angst or disruption, and we feel very, very pleased with the way we were able to accomplish that in the bid process.
Michael McCallister: I'm actually anxious to see where the rest of the industry comes out on this because I know in Washington there's a fair amount of fear that premiums are going to shoot up or benefits are going to go down or some combination of both as a result of no premium increase, given what we noted the trend to be. So it will be interesting to see what happens for the industry word. I think we're in a little different spot because we've been working at this a little bit longer and we're starting to see some good traction around some of our medical management work.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Then last part of that, what date do you send your letters out to your current members on the new benefit?
Michael McCallister: I believe it's sometime in early October, late September.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from UBS Investment Bank.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: First, just given the introduction of new government-mandated benefits via reform, I was hoping you could talk about what you think the impact of these benefits will be to a cost trend and pricing starting in the fourth quarter and into 2011?
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. On the commercial block, we've looked at the benefit changes that were mandated, and for our small group and large group, we don't think it will have a significant impact. The line of business that it does impact primarily is our Individual or HumanaOne block of business. I've heard or read about ranges that have been thrown out there of 2% to 4%, and I would suggest that the impact that we're seeing would be on the higher end of those ranges that I've read about. But we feel very comfortable with our ability to absorb that cost increase, given where we're running on a MER basis and the 80% target that's in place for 2011.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And then just a follow up on the Medicare Advantage side. The table that you put in the slide deck here that looks at your cost versus Fee-for-Service is interesting. I'm just curious, can you give us some color there given clearly you've done a great job in the HMO and that has proven to be sustainable. Can you talk a little bit about the Private Fee-for-Service book and the PPO book look versus Fee-for-Service costs and how you're able to take costs out there?
Michael McCallister: Justin, we've been talking about this for a long time, we've been working at it for a long time. I mentioned in my comments that we have been receiving obviously payments above old Medicare. We've done two things with those: we improved the benefits for the seniors just on pure a benefit design perspective; but we've also been investing in taking what we can of what we know about managing and organizing and coordinating healthcare and trying to take it to those looser models, which are the PPOs and the Private Fee-for-Service. So we've been expanding that across the country, we've been growing those capabilities, we've been adding people, technology and platforms and everything we can do to take best-known methods over to those more loosely operated plans, and we're seeing some decent traction. That is why we have some work to do over the next few years there. We have some work to do to get those type of plans as productive as we can possibly get them in terms of medical spend, and that's where the focus is. So are we optimistic that we can take good management across all these products? Yes. The most effective organizational structure is a well-run HMO. That's a fact, but HMOs are not attractive to everyone. They're new ideas as you take them through much of the Midwest and parts of the Western part of the U.S. So we have to take a product that people are interested in, in the short term as they get comfortable with being in the private sector. And so I would characterize the whole thing as it's going well. We have a lot of upside still. It's one of the reasons we have a fair amount of confidence over ultimately meeting the targets that are necessary for Medicare Advantage as a long-term big footprint.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Is there a number you can put on even the PPO side? Is it 2%, 5%, 10% that you've taken out?
James Murray: The chart that was included in Mike's slide deck included obviously the HMO, the PPO and the Private Fee-for-Service, and I would suggest that the PPO is performing better than the Private Fee-for-Service and not as well as the HMO. But we're well on our way towards the 15 percent Solution in all of the lines of business, and as you know, the Private Fee-for-Service ultimately goes away and becomes a network-based plan over the course of the next several years. But we're making very good progress on the not only regional but also local PPOs.
Michael McCallister: Justin, I would also remind you that if you look at the bill in terms of how the payments ultimately come down, there is a little bit of breathing room in some of these more rural areas because the rates don't drop as far, giving us a little more premium, we're going to have a little more time, to go into those areas where it is harder to introduce an HMO.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: You guys have talked about targeted cost saves on the G&A side of $100 million this year and $200 million over a little bit longer time period. And I want to get a sense of whether the cost saves that you're seeing here are an acceleration of that, or whether you feel better about maybe exceeding that cost save outlook.
James Murray: What we've done this morning is basically if you look in the comparison with the second quarter of last year, you can see that in absolute dollars spent, we only spent $10 million more in the quarter than we did last year. That's 1%, and we had a 9% increase in our revenues this time. So we're getting real operating leverage, and then what that translated into is if you look in the SG&A ratio guidance and you look at the things that we called out special, the spending and the other things, you'll see that we actually are taking that ratio down by 10 basis points for the year. So we think that we're ahead of schedule. If look at our employment levels, all the commitments we made at the beginning of the year are making very good progress on the $100 million we expect to save this year and the $200 million run rate.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: So those two numbers still stand, though?
James Murray: Yes.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And I guess I appreciate maybe give me some more color on some of these initiatives on the Q3, but I guess wanted to get a little bit of a sense now for the extra spending on the Medicare initiatives. What drove the process now versus a quarter ago at the beginning of the year? And then is this something that should be an ongoing assumption above the baseline? Or is this something that is kind of, I don't know, onetime spend heading into a difficult rate cut year?
James Murray: This Jim Murray. As we looked around some of our competition and what might likely happen with some of the Private Fee-for-Service membership that they currently hold, we saw a tremendous opportunity to make our name more well known to those 500,000 to 600,000 Private Fee-for-Service members that with our competitors now. And there's other products that we would like to introduce this 2011 that we want to get some media recognition for that came together very nicely as we were doing our bid process, and so that's why we didn't talk about them he last time. So we're very, as Mike said earlier, very focused on growing our Medicare business, and we think that the spend that we're talking about here, some of which is probably ongoing and it has been for the last several years but because of some of the wonderful opportunity that we see out there for 2011, probably some of it is, as you described, onetime in nature.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Rex from JPMorgan.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Could you just compare or maybe actually contrast for us what you're seeing in terms of the lower utilization you're noting? When I say contrast, I mean within the government book as against the commercial book. Is it just trending directionally the same? Are you seeing anything unique in terms of the patterns of the lower utilization trends there?
James Murray: This Jim Murray again. We are seeing a slowdown in the utilization across all the books. However, I would suggest that where in last year we saw a pretty big acceleration in cost in our Commercial lines of business and not so much in the Medicare, the impact of the favorable is not as strong in the Medicare as it is in the commercial. This year it just seems like folks who are in the commercial environment, who get their coverage either by paying for it themselves or through their company, it appears like that utilization is more impactful this year than I would say that the Medicare business has been. We've tried to evaluate all of the things that might have caused that. I think Jim was very clear in all of the things that we've looked at. We looked at last year's economy versus what might be impacting things this year. Obviously, some of you have proposed that there is a high deductible health plan impact that's going on and there's probably some of that, the light flu season is contributing. And then navely we would like to take some credit for the good work that we do here, not only in the Medicare space, but also in the Commercial space in terms of our care coordination activities. So there's a lot of things that come together, we think, to create what we're seeing this year.
Michael McCallister: John, let me add to that. We've talked about it for years that Medicare is not real cyclical in nature. Occasionally you can get a flu season or something that'll change things a little bit, but generally it's relatively stable. If you look at the economics and the structure that sits with these folks that are in Medicare, that actually makes a lot of sense because they don't have the same economic impact from changes in the economy and this sort of thing. So if, again, it looks like that is holding to be true again. Medicare is a more stable business. It can be event driven as we saw last year, but when it comes down to cyclical in nature it doesn't seem to have much of it.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But while lower magnitude than the commercial book, I mean, would it be fair to say you're seeing a decline in utilization in all four of the major cost buckets in Medicare also, like you are on commercial?
James Murray: That would be a fair comment, yes.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And are you attributing that to the economy also when you think about, I know you talked about some of the Group business you picked up, but when you think about kind of your same-store membership, however you want to characterize it, are you attributing that to more the economic impact?
James Bloem: No, we're not. I mean, what we said this year was we've gotten new members, and those members we're looking at somewhat of a durational affect. But remember I said also, we spent a lot of time with our new members getting them enrolled, getting them introduced to our clinical integration, our outreach programs. We think on the Medicare side that's been very helpful.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And, John, I was thinking about kind of x those new members, that impact that you described in your comments, when you think about kind of your same store membership. When you look at that, is that just trending then the same as -- you haven't seen a change in utilization in those legacy books then?
James Bloem: Yes, not as much, and again, that sort of goes to Mike's comment that Medicare year in/year out sort of is much more constant.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just the last thing. You made one interesting comment. You were seeing lower unit cost on the inpatient side also. Could you describe what you're seeing, what's driving that?
James Bloem: Lower utilization, not rates.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I saw in your prepared commentary also a comment that unit cost was also down in inpatient. Did I misinterpret that?
James Bloem: I believe so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald from Citigroup.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: I was wondering how much you guys intend to rely on network Fee-for-Service plans next year? I guess maybe basically what I'm getting at is how much of your Private Fee-for-Service membership has a fairly seamless transition over to a new product versus how much of it will actually have to do dis-enroll and then re-enroll and say like a PPO?
Michael McCallister: As we talked I think last quarter, there's about 25,000 members that we are not going to be able to have a network-based solution for, and we're going to proactively go out to those folks and talk to them about our Medicare supplement products. But generally speaking, all the rest of our members have a network option that we can talk with them about be it a network Private Fee-for-Service or a local PPO, regional PPO. So we feel very good about our transitioning from the Private Fee-for-Service to the network options that has been a large part of our strategy for years and years and years.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: What I'm getting at is, maybe I'm misinterpreting this, but my understanding was if you're moving someone from a Fee-for-Service today to a network Fee-for-Service, it's a fairly easy transition. A senior doesn't have to do anything, they move over to the new product, whereas if you've got to move someone from Fee-for-Service to a PPO, there's actually some interaction that has to take place on the part of the senior.
James Murray: Of our 400 and I think 30,000 or so Private-Fee-for-Service members, we think that about, as I said earlier, 20,000 of those are not going to have a network-based option. I believe another 65,000 of those folks have a network solution, a local PPO that we will have to sell them into, and then the rest will have a network-based Private Fee-for-Service that the transition is very smooth.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc: And then second, on the TRICARE, given that we have no final decision and the contract is supposed to transition eight months from now, is it possible that, that contract doesn't get extended maybe some period of time beyond the March 31?
Michael McCallister: They would have to change their historic pattern around transition periods because historically, they've dealt with a 10-month period. So obviously, we're already into that. So it's possible they can do it whatever they want relative to transitions, but if they stick to the past practices, they'll have to extend it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: My question is about your competitive advantage for Medicare Advantage and how sustainable that is. I think last week one of your commercially focused competitors made a comment that MA is a very attractive space. So would you be able to elaborate on to what extent from networks, product distribution, med management and the 15 percent Solution and servicing, it's very unique to the senior market versus you can leverage your spend in commercial health brackets?
Michael McCallister: Well, I read that comment. Actually, I've been surprised over the last 15 years, frankly, that we haven't had more people get serious about entering the Medicare market because, you've heard me, I talk about this 100x. It's a tremendous opportunity because of the incredible waste and abuse and nonsense that goes on in the Medicare program. The traditional Medicare program is a mess, and so it represents a huge opportunity to drive productivity, organization and all that, which makes the economics work, and that's been Humana's position for a long time. It stays that way. So do I expect others to try to get into this market and do well? Yes, of course and I think the answer's going to be is it possible? It's difficult to do. It's taken us a long time. We've been at it for 25 years to build out the level of understanding, data systems, infrastructure, the knowledge of the individual retail sale. I mean, all those things require some learnings, and you can't go buy them off the shelf anywhere in the marketplace. And so do I expect more competition? You bet, and are we concerned about it? Not really. I think we're going to enter a period over the next, short period, next two or three years, where we're going to have people leaving the market. And Jim talked about it earlier in, this next year around we're going to be dealing with hundreds of thousands of people that are in Private Fee-for-Service where we know that the companies are going to put them back in the marketplace, and so it's always a work in progress. There's always something happening. We've been successfully competing in this space against others for a very long time. So I don't know anything's going to change. I like us.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: And near term when you look at the product bids, are you receiving any market intelligence as to what might be going on and who will be players that might exit and come in more strongly?
Michael McCallister: Well, we always have rumors that you probably have from the marketplace, and we try to keep our ear to the ground. But we won't know specifically what anybody's done until the cards are all turned over later in the year.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: And then a related question, but not exactly on MA. Do you have any thoughts or commentary on this coding adjustment announcement that came out on the inpatient rates and what the implications are for Medicare Advantage and just broadly from a policy perspective of Medicare?
Michael McCallister: No, we don't.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson from Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Could you just talk about your understanding of how reserve development related to 2010 will ultimately factor into 2011 rebates under the new rules? Just trying to understand the thought process around the specific $0.14 reserve boost in the second half of the year. And obviously we're waiting for clarity around how the MLRs are going to be calculated exactly, so just wondering sort of your level of confidence around that $0.14. And then, again, just how do you think PPD will be treated for periods prior to 1/1/11?
James Murray: This Jim Murray. As I understand it, the run out will be sufficiently long enough that as we've talked an incurred basis development of the MER and the rebate calculation. So there'll be a lot of time for those claims to ultimately resolve themselves and get paid. So I wouldn't anticipate that there'd be a problem with the implementation of this too early only to find out that prior-period development impacted it one way or another. So I think the way it's being structured will eliminate be the impact of that.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: But if did a look back, let's just say six months after the fact, so in June or July of 2012 they look back to 2011, certainly you'd have a read on how 2011 develops? But in the event that you had development in the early part of '11 related to the latter part of 2010 for periods thereafter it would be I think pretty clear, but just curious, do you think that they will include the latter part of 2010 in that development?
James Murray: I don't believe so as we're reading the regulations.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: So you don't think that late 2010 development would impact the rebate calc.
James Murray: Not as we're studying and trying to understand the mechanics.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Is it your sense that is that something that's sort of still work in process or...
James Murray: I think the whole calculation methodology is still in process, but as to that specific element, I would be surprised to see that anything would get changed in that regard.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And then just you guys came up with a $0.14 number. Should we think about that as being within a reasonable range of expectations depending on how the guidelines ultimately come out? Just kind of trying to understand a little bit the thought process around the specificity there.
James Murray: That $0.14 really isn't related to that particular question. That $0.14 is what's going to happen for the remainder of this year to move to next year. Coming back to your earlier question, we believe that each year stands on its own with respect to the claims runoff.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And I think you may have given these so I apologize if I just missed them but could you remind us your state capital and RBC ratio at quarters and?
James Bloem: Basically, we're just around 400% of RBC. We have about $3.8 billion of total surplus, and the requirement is about $1.9 billion to $2 billion.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And then just obviously it's still early here, but any read on the local market pricing backdrop or the chitchat ahead of reform implementation? Anything you can contrast between the different buckets, individual versus small group versus large group, in terms of your conversations with distribution channels? Any read sort of game theory looking out to next year and how competitors may be positioning?
James Bloem: One of the things that Mike referenced was a lot of the work that we're doing here at Humana around this whole initiative, we've got hundreds of folks that are working on this, one of the things that we are evaluating is how do we want to handle our pricing relative to the 80% and minimum MER in the HumanaOne or small group market. I will tell you that as we speak today and what we've seen over the last six months of 2010, is that the pricing environment seems as rational as I've seen it in a long time. I haven't seen anybody trying to accumulate membership. We've been watching for that very closely. It just seems like people are passing their trends along in the form of the premiums that they've come up with. We haven't seen any dramatic change or anybody trying to do anything to strategize around healthcare reform, and so that's something that we're watching extremely closely. It's something that we talk about every Monday when we have our healthcare reform update meeting, but I haven't seen a significant change in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities: On the commercial side, you're low MLR and your high SG&A almost a foregone conclusion I assume that you have to do something here before we get to the MLR minimums in terms of the Individual business. Can you talk about cutting broker commissions and the timing on when you'd have to let them know and what your expectation is for what that's going to take your business when you do that? And then the second question on Medicare, do you believe you can get to four or more quality stars in your PPO business? And how will you do that, what sort of timeframe? And what sort of things should we look for you to do between now and 2012?
James Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. As it respects to the commissions, we have a long standing, positive relationship with the brokers that are a part of our distribution channel. Some of our competitors have come out and said that they're likely to change their commission levels starting in January, and we're likely to come out with something here shortly that would suggest that as well. One of the other teams that we have that's working on the healthcare reform is evaluating what we think the commission levels need to be going forward to make primarily the HumanaOne or individual book of business the model around that a lot more economically profitable for us as the company. Lots of evaluations being done. We've got some outside help in trying to figure out what might ultimately happen. One of the advantages that we have that others might have is that we have a significant array of different products that we can try to think through in terms of the brokers relationships with us as an organization. We've got Medicare products, we've got medical products, we've got all of the supplemental and Specialty products that we've talked about in the past; and we're rethinking our commission structures relative to all those lines of business and seeing whether or not we can, to the extent we have to lower permissions on the medical HumanaOne, perhaps we can do something differently in the others, and all those things are being discussed and evaluated. I will tell you that with our HumanaOne business, with a minimum medical expense ratio of 80% that we feel comfortable that we can change our administrative cost structure to get to a point where we're breaking even or producing a nice medical or a small medical margin, and that's why we've talked a lot in the past about cross buying and all those other lines of business that we would include with our medical relationships with those individuals. So we feel very comfortable over the next several years that our profitability in the HumanaOne space can be solid, and as Mike said on his call, we're looking forward to the $40 million or so eligibles that would participate in that marketplace. I've talked so much right now that I forgot your second question.
Michael McCallister: Second part is Medicare Advantage, can we get to four stars?
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities: In the PPOs in particular.
Michael McCallister: It's harder because of what I said earlier, it's not as well organized, it's not as tightly managed. And so we think we can make good progress there, and I think we've got an awful lot of resources and commitment and investment going into that particular thing right now. Some of it is capturing data. What we know about this sort of thing throughout all of our space is that the data assets can always be better, and there's an awful lot of information that resides in position practices and elsewhere that we're not aware of that would reflect actually better performance. So we'll work really hard to learn what we can about what they are doing with patients. We will apply our clinical activities to improving those results, and at the end of the day, I think we will do fine in the PPO but it is harder. It's a bigger lift that it is in an HMO, that's for sure.
James Bloem: The only thing that I would add to what Mike said is that we're working with the regulators to try to refine some of what they're doing around the quality initiatives. If we had to dream some of the ways that they measure and what they measure would be changed to focus more on quality and outcome, and so that good work is continuing.
Michael McCallister: If you go through all those measurements for those star ratings, you would find very quickly that they were never designed for this particular purpose, and there's some things in there that although they're really interesting and probably nice things to measure, you would never use those to drive payment rates in a program like this because a bunch of them are not really healthcare quality type of things. They're much more consumer experience stuff, which is interesting, and we all work hard on that stuff. But that's not what this policy should be driving, but for the moment, it is what it is and we'll see if it changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is actually Daryn Miller sitting in for Matt. Can you just confirm what rate you pay in Medicare on out- of-network hospitals and doctors? Does that just default to the Medicare fee schedules?
James Murray: For most of our out-of-network is Medicare allowable, so yes.
Operator: And your final question today comes from the line of Sarah James from Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Can you walk us through some of the drivers in the individual reserve who sort of what were the big pieces there? And then second, on the deferred acquisition charge, what is the underlying change in renewal rates that's implied there? Or maybe what is the lifespan of a contract now versus where do you see it going?
James Murray: Well your question basically highlights a couple of things. One is there are an awful lot of variables that go into the determination of whether or not there was a DAC impairment, and then now what those individual incremental policy reserves will be. We don't get into what each of those are, but you've named a couple of them. A couple more would be the mandated benefits, as I mentioned in my remarks, the minimum MER, the fact that there's going to be rate reviews on how much rates are going to be allowed. So those are the types of things. No one of those things, if you knew one of them, you'd still be at a loss to figure out the whole thing because of the fact that there are so many of those that actuarially go into the determination of what the policy reserves will be and whether or not there's been a DAC impairment.
Operator: Okay, I turn the call back over to Mr. McCallister as there's no more questions.
Michael McCallister: Well, thanks for joining us this morning. I want to thank the Humana associates that are on this call for the great work they've done to bring us to where we are this year. We are optimistic about the remainder of 2010. We're anxious to enter the Medicare selling season later this year, and we're pretty optimistic about what our future looks like there as well. So thanks for joining us. See you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery  Vice President of Investor Relations Michael B. McCallister  President and Chief Executive Officer James H. Bloem  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James E. Murray  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital Christine Arnold  Cowen and Company Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch John Rex  JP Morgan Ana Gupte  Sanford Bernstein Justin Lake  UBS Doug Simpson  Morgan Stanley
Operator:
 :
Regina Nethery: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our first quarter 2010 results as well as comment on our earnings outlook. 
 : We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q and A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the investor relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an adobe version of the slides has been posted to the investor relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in this morning's press release as well as in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Today's press release and other historical financial news releases are available on our investor relations website. All of our SEC filings are also available via the investor relations page of Humana's website as well as on the SEC's website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share, or EPS, in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today I will comment briefly on our first quarter results and then speak to why we believe that change brings opportunity  in our case an opportunity to grow, not only in existing areas like Medicare Advantage, despite the challenges of the new reform law, but also in new products and services around our strategy of helping all consumers achieve lifelong well being. We have long operated in a challenging environment and believe our focus on the consumer has been the driver of our success in Medicare Advantage. Going forward, this same focus exemplified in our perfect service initiative, our member guidance and our wellness programs will remain in Medicare Advantage and will be increasingly evident in our commercial products. Well being includes our health insurance business, but also embraces emerging opportunities in consumer rewards, financial protection products, aging in place for seniors, and other areas you will hear more about throughout the year. Let me begin by offering a summary of the first quarter's results and operational highlights from our Commercial and Government Segments. Today Humana reported earnings per share of $1.52 for the first quarter, an increase of $0.30 over the prior year's first quarter results of $1.22 per share.  This quarter's results are significantly higher than our previous forecast of $1.10 to $1.20, reflecting both a higher-than-anticipated favorable prior period reserve development and a higher effective tax rate. Were it not for these items, our results would have been near the top end of our previous guidance. Jim will elaborate more on the quarter in a few moments as part of his comments. Moving now to our business operations, let's start with our Commercial Segment. First, we've raised our 2010 commercial pretext guidance to $150 million to $175 million, primarily the result of favorable prior period development of $14 million. Additionally, we saw favorable progress on three important fronts: A leaner administrative cost structure, accelerated growth in our ancillary and specialty businesses, and the beneficial effects of taking premium actions in 2009. At March 31, 2010, our specialty membership stood at 7.2 million compared to 6.5 million special members at March 31, 2009, an increase of 11% year-over-year. Overall commercial medical membership at the end of the quarter was 3.3 million compared to 3.5 million a year ago, reflecting the general economy. Turning now to our Government Segment, I will start with our TRICARE business. Our Humana military associates continue to deliver exceptional service to our TRICARE beneficiaries. Relative to our contract, there's been no further word from the Department of Defense since the end of December. It was then that the DOD notified us it would be taking action in response to our protest being upheld by the Government Accountability Office, though we still don't know the type of action to be taken. Until we hear otherwise, we continue to anticipate that this contract will end on March 31, 2011. Moving to our Medicare business, we experienced a successful open enrollment period for Medicare Advantage and followed that up with the execution of an alliance with Cigna this month, which we believe provides meaningful opportunity for expanding our group Medicare presence going forward. Progress around our 15% Solution helped drive the higher-than-anticipated favorable prior period development we recognized in earnings this quarter. As we have said in the past, we believe our 15% Solution allows the economic value we deliver to seniors to remain strong during periods of reduced government funding. We believe members continue to choose our plans due to the better value proposition they provide compared to their alternatives.  Further, our network plans, which have the most compelling value proposition, continue to gain in popularity with approximately 72% of our April 2010 fully insured membership in network-based products. This speaks to the work our network and product development teams have done over the past several years to insure our members have an offering that includes an ample and effective provider network.  Many of those on this call have asked about our risk of transitioning our 480,000 private fee for service members throughout the U.S. as we look to 2011. We believe the same network provider development team has done a great job of positioning us well by developing the provider networks required to protect our private fee for service plans in nearly all of the country.  By the start of 2011, we expect to offer network-based products to approximately 90% of our current private fee for service membership. Approximately half of the remaining 10% reside in counties unaffected in 2011, while the remaining 5%, or 22,000 members, will be at risk. These members will return to traditional Medicare, but will need a medi-gap and Part D plan, both available from Humana. We anticipate keeping many of these members in other lines of business.  Our positioning for 2011 is a testament to our ability to strategically plan for changes and then execute on the course of action necessary to succeed in spite of volatile environment. You have heard me say on previous calls that we have been preparing for health reform over several years. Now let me go into detail on how we prepared in one of the most important parts of our business, Medicare Advantage. Over time, we anticipate Humana will be on a short list of national footprint participants in Medicare Advantage that have the requisite size and scale to adjust to a changed payment environment. Beyond our size, our breadth and depth of operational experience has been a key element to our many year of Medicare success, most of which were marked by payment volatility. Our team is highly experienced from the middle management to senior executive level. It is this longevity and effectiveness that has shown its mettle in successfully overcoming a variety of challenges while more than tripling the size of the company through largely organic growth over the last ten years.  Our 15% Solution, which represents our commitment to provide coverage and services to our Medicare Advantage members at a cost 15% less than what it costs traditional Medicare with better quality, is the best way to illustrate our preparation. The significant element of our 15% Solution is our ability to engage the member.  As this slide shows, we are able to achieve significant results by focusing our engagement programs most heavily on the 5% of our membership responsible for 40% of our costs. This is why working closely with a small number of members produces disproportionately positive results.  For example, Humana Cares is our complex care management program which combines home visits, telephonic support, and, importantly, community resources for our most vulnerable Medicare members. It significantly reduces costly hospital admissions and other cost and quality benefits. The program is expected to double its enrollment and cover nearly 50,000 members by year's end.  Historically, Humana Cares has produced savings of $4 for every $1 invested in infrastructure. When you consider that the costliest 50,000 Medicare Advantage members account for over $3.5 billion in annual medical costs, it's clear why we're confident in the 15% Solution. Similarly, other programs like integrated medical and behavioral health, medication therapy management, and disease-specific programs are also expected to experience significant enrollment gains this year.  By year's end, we project approximately 200,000 of our Medicare members, or between 10% and 11%, will be enrolled in care management programs that have historically produced returns from $2 to $8 for every $1 invested.  Most importantly, our clinical care infrastructure development continues as planned, helping to drive us closer to seamless integration of clinical and administrative services for our members. We use data analytics to target the members most in need of the programs like those I just described.  These analytics then combine with [CIRA], our clinical integration guidance system, utilization management processes, and support and care programs which include important integration with community resources, resulting in improved health metrics which in turn lower utilization benefiting both the member and the company. Now let me show you how all this comes together. Many of the analysts on this call have asked how our membership breaks down in terms of the Medicare fee for service cost quartiles spelled out in the new health insurance law. As you will see from this slide, we expect to receive payment rates between 95% and 100% of traditional fee for service rates or approximately 64% of our current membership under the new payment structure. Notably, as the pie charts on slide 9 show, over 70% of our members are already at least 10% below traditional Medicare costs. Given this good progress, we believe the takeaway is that we are very well positioned to have our costs at least 15% below the traditional Medicare programs cost by 2014. A broader perspective in a backward glance also yield the observation that Humana has successfully mastered several other periods of Medicare payment restraints, most notably by making strategic market-by-market decisions in the wake of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. We balanced annual reductions in our Medicare benefit ratio with a sustained value proposition, thus leaving us poised to take maximum advantage of the Medicare modernization act when it passed in 2003. In summary, we have successfully anticipated the new Medicare Advantage payment environment and ways to focus on Medicare beneficiaries by adding and expanding provider networks, increased product offerings, and developing member-focused coordinated care services that distinguish Medicare Advantage from traditional Medicare. With our singular focus on delivering to seniors we serve with a value above the traditional Medicare program and with the coming age wave of baby boomers turning 65, we believe our Medicare business will not only remain solid but will continue to grow. Together with stabilization in our commercial operations and growth in ancillary and specialty products, and a strong balance sheet, we anticipate continued success in 2011 and beyond.  As our results this quarter and our guidance for the remainder of 2010 indicate, we are ready for the post reform world, a world where we believe (1) margins will be under pressure in light of the medical expense ratio requirements; (2) only major competitors will have the long-term scale and strength to thrive in an atmosphere of margin compression; (3) our enhanced well being strategy will open doors to new markets and revenue sources as well as adjacent business opportunities, producing a larger company, less reliant on underwriting profits; (4) a relentless focus on cost savings on both the medical and the administrative side will keep us more than competitive; and (5) significant opportunities do remain. Change brings both challenges and opportunities. The challenges of the new insurance market reforms are substantial; but we feel we've demonstrated our ability to overcome substantial challenges before, and we are confident we will be able to do it again. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
James Bloem: Thanks, Mike, and good morning everyone. Today we reported $1.52 in earnings per share for the first quarter and raised our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of $5.55 to $5.65. Let's start by reviewing the three primary drivers of today's changes in earnings per share, both for the quarter and for the full year. First and foremost, we experienced higher-than-anticipated favorable claims development from prior year's estimates. As we have discussed in the past, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the best point estimate within a level of confidence required by actuarial standards. When we recognize a release of claim reserves that's not in the ordinary course of business, we disclose the amount.  For the first quarter, we estimate that amount to be $100 million or $0.37 a share. The reserve table on page S11 of this morning's press release shows approximately $308 million of favorable development since December 31, 2009. This is a greater amount than we had expected. Again, about $100 million of this amount is not expected to recur in future periods; and, accordingly, it benefited the first quarter by $0.37 a share. There were several factors that resulted in the better-than-anticipated reserve development. The primary factor was claims processing improvements, particularly in Medicare private fee for service, where we continually are focused on eliminating waste and provider overbillings. Additionally, but to a lesser extent, fourth quarter 2009 utilization played out slightly better than originally estimated for both our Medicare and commercial businesses. Looking back at 2009, after giving effect to the claims runout, we see both Medicare and commercial medical costs trends being about 20 basis points better than previously estimated  not a huge change, but moving in the right direction. Accordingly, we haven't projected forward much of these minor cost trends improvements since it's still early in the year. After favorable claims development, the second item impacting our 2010 first quarter earnings per share, both in the quarter and for the full year, was the increase in our effective income tax rate. The increase primarily is caused by the nondeductibility of certain items as a result of the new tax reform law.  We now expect an effective income tax rate of between 37% and 37.5% for the full year, an increase of about 125 basis points at the midpoint from our previous estimate. This increase unfavorably impacted the quarter by about $0.04 per share and the full year forecast by about $0.10 a share.  Third and lastly, we had a few other items that improved incrementally, driving a $0.04 per share of higher-than-expected earnings in the first quarter and $0.08 per share for the full year. No single item was all that significant, but to that I will mention the increase in Medicare Advantage membership, which is tracking slightly ahead of plan, and increased investment income where we modestly increased the related forecast. Turning now to selling, general, and administrative expenses, we continue to realign both our cost structure and organizational competencies for the future. In February, we announced 2,500 position eliminations by the end of this year with a net workforce reduction of 1,400 positions after giving effect to another 1,100 positions we are adding to support growth areas of the company.  The position eliminations are occurring primarily through attrition, process efficiencies, and outsourcing. As you can see from the slide, our full-time equivalent positions, or FTEs, have been tracking down for over a year. While difficult for our associates, we continue to simultaneously create employment opportunities to help us prepare for the future.  Moving to the first milestone on a continuing journey to achieve a leaner administrative cost structure, we remain comfortable with both the $100 million of savings we reflected in our 2010 earnings per share guidance and the at least $200 million of run rate savings to be achieved by the beginning of 2011.  Turning next to operating cash flows, we enjoyed strong first quarter operating cash flows of $755 million which differed from the relatively weak cash flows we experienced in the first quarter of each of the last two years. As the slide indicates, there are four factors associated with this year's $709 million of improved first quarter cash flows. The largest contributor to the stronger operating cash flows was the addition of over 200,000 more Medicare Advantage members since the end of the year than in the first quarter of 2009. For this increase in Medicare Advantage membership, we received the full quarter's premium revenues; but due to initial claims payment lag that normally occurs from the date services are rendered to when the resultant claims are paid, we did not pay a full quarter's level of medical claims.  Additionally, 2009's first quarter was unfavorably impacted by significantly greater PDP membership losses and the corresponding claims runoff. The total of these two items was $338 million of the $709 million difference. Another item favorably impacting our cash flows was the temporary increase in claims inventories of approximately $160 million. This increase also primarily resulted from the growth in Medicare Advantage membership and the accompanying provider learning curve which occurs when a member switches from traditional Medicare to Medicare Advantage.  Lastly, the remainder of the increase in year-over-year cash flows improvement resulted from a combination of an increase in net income, income tax differences, and normal working capital fluctuations.  Looking out to the full year now, we have increased our cash flows from operations guidance range to $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion due to the increased visibility into the remainder of the year and our increased full year earnings guidance.  Finally, with respect to capital deployment and liquidity, we continue to both have and conserve ample liquidity and capital. This enhances our ability to continue to compete effectively in the environment that we are now approaching. We also carry significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital in surplus in our state regulated operating subsidiaries. Cash and investments held at the parent were approximately $730 million at March 31, 2010. As in prior years, dividends from the subsidiaries to the parent are expected to be declared and paid after the individual state reports are filed and discussed with the various departments of insurance and credit rating agencies. Those discussions are going well and are anticipated to be completed by June 30. We expect to discuss the results in our second quarter earnings conference call in early August. To conclude, we are pleased with both our overall and operating results for the first quarter of 2010. We are confident that our updated 2010 guidance range of $5.55 to $5.65 in earnings per share reflects our organizational experience as well as our continued disciplined and intentional approach to the current and coming operating environment.  As we move into the middle of 2010, we believe that we are both able to help our members face the uncertainty that comes with the coming changes in our health care system as well as financially strong and liquid. Accordingly, we are well positioned for continued success in providing both strong satisfaction to our members and solid operating results to our owners.  With that, we will open the phone lines for questions. We request that each caller ask only two questions in fairness for those still waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator:
 :
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I was wondering if you could just remind us what the tax rate, higher tax rate issue relates to? I know you said health reform, and maybe I missed it, but what component specifically is that driven by?
James Bloem: Matthew, the principal reason is the fact that executive compensation under the new law is limited to $500,000 per year for years beginning January 1, 2013. However, it's on all amounts that are earned after 12/31/2009. Accordingly, in this quarter we had to do a catch-up and for this year we will then be going forward on the equity grants that are outstanding and that are expected to be exercised during 2013 and beyond.  You remember that the compensation of $500,000 also includes the proceeds of such exercises or the vesting of such grants. Basically, the health insurance industry is going to be taxed much like those companies who receive TARP funds.
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs: I got it. Thank you. Also on the topic of health reform but on a different angle, as we try to look ahead to the yet-to-be-published regulations on minimum medical cost ratios, is it fair to break down your commercial risk membership as approximately 1 million members in the small group under 100 and individual category and the remainder being what would be defined as large group?  Any thoughts you can offer in terms of your current ratio, sort of 80 to 81 for this year and the same last year, how that might break out at all between the group sizes or how you expect to tackle this regulation which admittedly we don't exactly how it's going to apply? 
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. The numbers that you referenced are pretty close, about 370,000 individual members and around 625 to 650 small group [to do] 100 case sizes. The MERs that we experienced for those different lines of business, as you might expect, vary. When we look at the small group medical expense ratio being 80% in the regulations, we feel pretty comfortable that will be fairly insignificant in terms of exposure for us. We are running fairly close to that number now.  The large group issue is one that we feel very comfortable with. The area that we're going to have some issue with with the 80% is on our individual business. That runs below that. Right now, obviously, the guidance that we're getting in terms of how the MERs are going to be calculated has yet to be determined. We don't know whether it's going to be based upon states or legal subsidiaries or consolidated, and we don't know how expenses and revenues are going to be included in that.  So there's lots of stuff that has to come out over the next several weeks and months, but we're doing lots of things to prepare ourselves for that and trying come up with tactics to operate in that kind of an environment.
Michael McCallister: Let me follow that up. Might as well preempt a couple of questions I am sure we're going to get. We have not changed any business practices yet relative to the individual business because of that MLR requirement. We are in the process of assessing exactly what that's going to look like. We have a fair amount of flexibility.  I can tell you directionally it's going to require getting your admin expenses very, very low. So that brings up all sorts of questions around scale and distribution models and all those sorts of things which are still under review. We have not changed anything relative to that marketplace yet.
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs: One last follow up, when you say you think you are probably okay on the small group and large group, am I correct that assumes of course that or am I correct that assumes that the regulation will be defined as a consolidated entity? Wouldn't it be more complicated if it's defined at the state or insurance subsidiary level?
James Murray: When I referenced that for small group and large group, I was actually thinking it would be defined at a much more granular level. There are obviously some states where we have some issues, but we don't think that the impact is significant for the smaller and large group business.
Michael McCallister: You are right. The smaller the unit, the more variability there's going to be in all this.
Operator:
 :
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Good morning. Very helpful, I think, the breakout that you guys gave around the cost relative to the fee for service for your book of business. I guess is there a way to look at that by product as opposed to by county? Your HMOs versus your PPOs, where would you determine your cost structure versus traditional fee for service program?
Michael McCallister: I will start, and Jim will probably jump in here. At the end of the day, directionally, the HMO is always the most cost effective model. It happens to be that as you look at some of those pie charts, the HMO overlay with the lower paid locations is pretty good. It doesn't line up too poorly relative to how we're paid versus the type of products we have.  I think the opportunity and the challenge longer term, this is where we're going to try to outperform everyone else in this business, is to bring as much of that really disciplined, integrated medical management into the other product lines over time that we have in the HMOs. The second piece of that is to continue to expand HMO capabilities, so we have lot of new locations and states and counties going forward where we're going to be really pushing the idea of HMO management. In some way, this is a little bit back to the future relative to Medicare managed care. I think we're going to see more HMO, but I think there's still an opportunity to provide a great deal of clinical management and productivity in those other product lines.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Thank you. I guess I was looking at your 15% Solution. Just with the understanding that you guys are moving towards that benchmark, you showed a slide that said 744,000 lives were already sort of attaining that solution 15% or better relative to fee for service, another 500,000 were somewhere between 10% and 15% below fee for service. Then there's sort of 479,000 that have progress to go that are less than 10%.  Is it simply, okay, 480,000, that's kind of the private fee for service, that's where you got a lot of room to go? Then sort of the break up between the HMOs and the PPOs is where I am curious relative to that necessity to get down to that 15% Solution.
James Murray: As you might expect, and just to reiterate exactly what Mike said, we obviously do much better with the HMO model. I will reiterate what he said about that would likely be the model of the future in terms of the low-cost structure.  You can rest assured that on a regular basis we study not only county but also how we're doing in each of the three product lines. Private fee for service is doing the least in terms of solution towards the 15% Solution; but as we sit here today, we're extremely positive about what we've been able to accomplish, not only in the HMO, but also in the PPO because, as we've told you in the past, our long-stated goal is to migrate all of our private fee for service members into the network-based options which include PPO and HMO.  We feel very, very good about where we stand relative to our PPO progress towards the 15% Solution. We think that, over time, as we get closer to some of the changes that are going to take place in 2014 with the minimum MERs and our 15% Solution, we feel very good about how we're positioned with both our PPO and our HMO offerings.
Michael McCallister: Strategically, I would go to even a different place. You can make a case for Humana, maybe not for the industry, that the requirement for networks is a positive because it does two things. It nudges the customers towards a network product, which over time will be more cost effective; and it nudges some of our competition to the side. I think the fact that we have spent several years getting ready for the network requirement is going to turn out to be a really good thing.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Just one quick follow-up on the inventory. What's causing the increase in the inventories to sort of levels we haven't seen before? And any comment on customer service metrics that you have seen while this has occurred?
James Bloem : No. Customer service is fine and the inventories are temporarily increased due to the fact that there was a provider lag basically with new group members who came from other places into our place, into Humana. Those claims didn't really come in until the end of March. Therefore, the inventories increased by 160 or to 5.6 days versus 4.2 days. That's all temporary and it's reversing itself.
James Murray: To your question on customer service, a lot of our claims that come in go first pass 80% to 90%. Although we got the claims in in the latter part of March, we were able to move a lot of them out. At the end of the quarter, we found ourselves with a temporary increase which resolved itself in the month of April.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Arnold  Cowen and Company.  
Christine Arnold  Cowen and Company: Good morning. Thanks for all the detail and also for breaking out the prior period development. It's real helpful. As we look at Medicare, you grew about 200,000 Medicare Advantage members. Can you give us a sense for how many members are new when we account for the churn?  Then you mentioned that you have got this inventory. You probably worked through a lot of it. Can you just give us a sense or your line of sight on where those trends are coming in for those new members in light of whatever churn you might have seen?
James Murray: For the first quarter, excluding plan-to-plan to changes, individual sales were around 240,000 new members exclusive of the group, which was 190. Terminations were around 200,000. All of those numbers are very close to where we were last year at this time. As we look forward, we feel pretty good about what we see in terms of the rest of the year, we refer to that as the ROY, and our ability to add some nice membership over the remainder of the year.  One of the things that we constantly do here is study claim payments and claim inventories and utilization and claim receipts information. As you might expect, we have studied the heck out of all of that information to get ourselves comfortable that the members that we receive this year don't look any different than our existing base of membership.  We feel very good about the risk profile of the membership that we receive. That includes the new groups that we put on the books. We have done lots of analysis and studied utilization trends and scrips per thousand and days per thousand and feel very good about what we're seeing develop in the first quarter.
Christine Arnold  Cowen and Company: Last quarter you mentioned that you thought the commercial business was looking kind of commodity-like. I kind of sensed you were thinking about changing your commercial strategy. You said you were going to be examining different geographies and products. Could you just elaborate on what you meant?
Michael McCallister: There's a few things we can look at from the reform bill that, I think, give us some look into the future to the extent these exchanges get up and running and become a viable market place. I think the individual business is going to get larger. I think there will be employers dropping coverage and sending people to the exchanges of all sizes. I think it's important for us to get focused on how do we participate in that market when it really becomes effective? And now it's several years away.  But I think the individual market is something that is going to be very interesting going forward. Despite whatever short-term challenges may come from MLR requirements, I think it's a place to be long-term. I think we're positioned well to deal with all that. I have said it forever. I like retail direct to consumer businesses. That's why I like Medicare. That's why I like some of the specialty products, voluntary products, individual health insurance.  Humana has been sort of moving in that direction for a while. I don't see anything in the reform bill that would do anything but say we need to get bigger and better and more aggressive about it. I think the large group fully insured business is always a challenge.  Now, it's possible that the individual health insurance products could become commoditized even more than they are already. It's possible. That's why it's important that we have a broader relationship with the individual. We use the term share of wallet a lot around here these days. We're going to get good at making sure we execute on that idea. Having as many customers as possible in a direct relationship is key, and finding ways to have a much broader relationship with them is the second big component. That's the way we think about it.
Operator:
 :
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Good morning. First question just looks like the CMS office of the actuary put out a new estimate on health reform just recently and projected that MA enrollment could decline by around 50% due to the reform law. Definitely interested in your thoughts just on the long-term projections around MA enrollment and how you're thinking about how the market adjusts relative to that forecast from the CMS actuary.
Michael McCallister: Two things. Most of those projections rarely ever become accurate when we look back at the results. Everybody has their work to do. I would say that I doubt, and I am pretty confident, there hasn't been a lot of consideration given to the kind of work we just described this morning around getting productivity and better cost effectiveness out of all this, which could materially change the long-term nature of the membership numbers here.  As an individual company, I don't get very excited about those sort of projections because I think there's going to be significant differences in performance inside of the industry among participants. Clearly, I think the business will get pressured by the law. We have said all along we expect consolidation and a lot of smaller players to disappear. We watched it happen during the BBA in the 90s. When times get difficult, people depart. I expect that to happen again.  I have no way of really knowing the accuracy of membership projections at that level over that period of time. I doubt they've taken into account the kind of productivity and the good work that's going to be done to make this a very healthy long-term program.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Just had a follow-up question maybe for Jim just on the balance sheet and as a review the health reform law. Just any other changes or adjustments that you think you might need to make because of reform? And one thing I was just thinking about is any type of changes to valuations of goodwill? Just as you review the impact of certain markets because of health reform. James Bloem  Not at this time. We believe there's still a lot of detail as Mike and Jim mentioned to come out of the health reform law. We will be looking at those as they come out. We test the balance sheet each quarter to look at intangibles, look at goodwill and things like that. Right now, we feel that, aside from the TRICARE goodwill, which we mentioned the last three quarters, we're in good shape. Again, as things become available and more knowledge becomes applicable, then we will continue to look at our carrying values in light of that knowledge.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch.  
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Those charts in the slide deck were very helpful about the 15% Solution and also the breakout of where your rates are going to be. I guess what I'd like to see is maybe a combination or overlay of those two slides.  If you're 5% below fee for service in a place where you are going to be getting 95% of fee for service, that's different than 5% below fee for service where you are going to be getting 115% of fee for service rates. Is there any color there? I assume that the numbers kind of match up pretty well that you're farthest below fee for service and [inaudible] below. Any color there about how those two charts might overlap?
Michael McCallister: I doubt that we're ever going to get very granular with that kind of information because I think it's too useful to our competition. I know why you would ask it, because we look at the same exact thing. That is the ultimate question for us.  These broad based numbers are interesting, but you have to get down to the unit level and the county level and this sort of thing to really know where we are. All I can tell you is we do that. This is what we do. This is how we lay out products and prices and approaches and tactics. I am not going to get too granular with it. What you are asking for is the way we think about it and the way we do it.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: Then I guess if you could maybe talk a little bit about the agreement with Cigna. Generally just talk about kind of why you entered into it, what you're getting out of it, then maybe how we should think about when we might expect to see some membership benefit from that agreement?
Michael McCallister: There are several big things that have been occurring. We talked in the past about the fact that there was a big opportunity in the employer space, but that it appeared that the employers were going to sit on the sidelines until they had clarity around the future of Medicare Advantage so they didn't have to go through more than one disruption with their people. I think that's behind us because we have the bill. We know what we have now. We can assess our ability to meet their needs. That's one piece. The second piece is that Humana, as you all know, is not a major player in what I would call the large, large company space. Currently our partner, obviously our partner is. This was kind of a nice opportunity where two things came together. The timing around clarity is there, plus we get to marry up two companies that do not really compete in this space head on to the benefit of both of us.  I think we now have an entree that's better than it otherwise would have been into that large space, and I think the large companies are now ready to take a serious look at their opportunity here. That's both from, I've been spending some time with some of these people. They have been hesitant to jump in until they knew what the future looked like. We now know that.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: So when should we think about this potentially starting to impact? 2011 event?
Michael McCallister: There's likely to be some then. It's a little too early to know. We have only been looking at this for a month, or at least the impact of the bill. Big companies are always hard to predict because they tend to be real inertia bound and slow to move. They've been like that on everything forever. It's a little hard to say. I would be shocked if we don't see some movement in 2011 from getting a lot of doors opened up.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: Just one quick clarification. The guidance for the PDP membership down 220 from the prior year. I assume that's off of the 12/31 number?
Michael McCallister: Yes. It is.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: So that's another 200,000 from where we are now?  
James Bloem: We're down 10.8 right now. The difference really is, a large part of the difference is a plan that we have taken over from assistance that CMS asked us to do. Those members kind of go in and out. There's about 130,000 of those, and they're expected to leave later in the year.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: So then you're looking for a kind of core number, another 70,000 or so?
James Bloem: [inaudible]
Operator:
 :  
John Rex  JP Morgan: Thanks. Just first on the Medicare Advantage PMPM. Looked like those were up year-over-year in the queue. I assume a lot of that was member metrics. Can you break out for us what kind of was the all in impact if you look at same member, same store basis on what premiums would have done, thinking about the rate reduction that occurred for 2010?
James Bloem: It is up, John, as you point out, maybe $11 or $12 PMPM, but some of that has to do, the mix is a big part of it because we got a lot of group members as Jim mentioned. Group members have a little bit higher PMPM. I think that's part of the reason. When you look at the mix, I'm not sure exactly how you would come back to the same store. I would say the 5% rate reduction that we have has a much bigger impact if you would exclude what I mentioned about the group rates.
James Murray: The 5% reduction obviously would have a big impact on the same store membership. There might be some offset from risk revenue that we received, but it wouldn't be all that significant. I would suggest that same store, the overall revenue is likely down unless there was some geographic growth, which I don't recall offhand.
James Bloem: There was one other thing. There was obviously higher member premium this year, too.
John Rex  JP Morgan: That was what I was thinking about. How much offset on the member premium, when you kind of look at that same member metric, you're 5% was effectively what? And then the point you raised, I was just trying to also see if there was a unusually high risk adjustor impact also that we had in the quarter.
James Murray: Generally speaking, I think we believe that our average premium went from about $40 PMPM to $50. That's usually worth about 1 percentage point, $10 PMPM. That would have offset a portion of the 5%. I don't recall offhand what the MRA improvement would have been, but I would have thought it would be probably similar to that $10 PMPM that we cut from the member premium. So still a reduction on same store basis.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Then I guess when you were talking about the lower med costs and the later quarters in '09 developing better. I think as you prioritized it, you put the kind of claims processing improvement first as driving the better result. I guess just understanding a bit better there, are you saying that you're just catching more inappropriate coding? In the past this wasn't getting caught and now you have kind of changed the processes so you're catching it? I just want to understand that a little better.
James Bloem: There are a couple things like that. One is the DRG coding validation. That was a part of it. We also made some system improvements that made recoveries easier. We also took a look at things like overnight admissions or admissions or observation and checking how they were billed. Were they billed as inpatient or more appropriately as outpatient? Those were the types of things. You're right. That's the biggest share. I mentioned, and as you mentioned, the 2009 trends did favorably stay as well. But not nearly as much.
James Murray: As Jim went through a lot of those, we characterize those in all of the releases as claims payment improvement practices. Frankly, what we think of on a day-to-day basis is that's a part of our 15% Solution. We are operationalizing that in all the markets that we do business.
John Rex  JP Morgan: When I think about that, if there was kind of some significant improvements there, was that going back? Was the benefit you derived in the 1Q this year then going back throughout all of '09 as you challenged prior assumptions there or was that still kind of typically like very much weighted to just the last quarter or so in '09?
James Bloem: It was more weighted toward the back half of the year, but it did go back. It did go back through the entire year.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Normally when I expect prior period development, say it's 80% coming from the 4Q or something like that. In this case, can you characterize for me how much of that was actually coming from the first half of '09 because of improvement in the claims processes?
James Bloem: I think it's best said the way you said it, that the farther back you go, the less impact it had. But it did go all the way back. Most of it, again, as I mentioned in my remarks, the fourth quarter was really what we looked at and had the biggest impact.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Is there still, as you look at it, how do we assess how much room is left on that also? How much one time and how much, I suppose you are going to say it's an ongoing process, we never stop. I am trying to figure out how we size it.
James Bloem: That's correct. You actually answered the question. It's an ongoing process we look at every quarter. There's a lot of integrity in the process. There's a lot of consistency in the process.  
James Murray: The other factor that we have to consider when we're talking about this is the utilization that we anticipated that was going to take place in the fourth quarter that didn't come through. So what we thought about here is see how the rest of this year or the next couple of quarters of this year play out before we claim that it's a run rate improvement. Obviously we would report that as we play the rest of the year out.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Just the last thing, quick one, I apologize if I missed this. On the commercial member attrition, the change in outlook, what was driving that primarily?
James Bloem: We lost a large ASO account. We will lose it on July 1. About 130,000 members.
James Murray: Beside that, nothing else has changed with our commercial guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte  Sanford Bernstein.  
Ana Gupte  Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. Good morning. The first question I had is on capital deployment towards share buybacks or M&A and how you are thinking about that. Particularly on the M&A side, do you see a focus on bringing your commercial business up to scale or will you just be the largest Medicare Advantage player and make your push towards that? And finally, any interest in getting into the Medicaid space in later reform?
Michael McCallister: I will start with the last, Medicaid. I stopped saying never to that about a year and a half ago. The challenges are still there. It's not at the top of my priorities. I realize that market is going to grow. Some people are getting excited about it.  As you watch state budgets and if you think about the implications of the money that came out of Washington to prop up that program this year and when that's going to end, I have to believe what I have said all along is still true, state budgets are challenged and they spend all their money on education and Medicaid. It's kind of hard to find a positive scenario there.  I am not all that excited about it still. I have said all along if we ever do it, it will be big because we're going to need a platform and infrastructure and people that really know that business. News at 11.  Relative to the company, I think the company has always been big in Medicare. As you all know, it's gotten very large in Medicare. I think we will always be quite large in Medicare. I think beyond that we are going to have to continue to assess the marketplace.  Right now, we have less of a focus on national accounts and large group coverage that we've had in the past. We're very focused on the smaller end of the market with particular interest in the individual market, as I said earlier. I think it's going to be important. I don't see a huge transformative commercial health insurance play in our future. You never can say never to that either. But that's not what I am thinking.  I am thinking ancillary product lines, voluntary products, finding a number of ways to get close to all these individual customers we have. Again, to have a broader share of wallet with these people. I think big Medicare and big other.  The other is what we're working on deciding exactly what that could be. That could involve some build-out of things. It could involve vertical integration of some of our spending in our Medicare business and others. It could involve acquiring companies that are just maybe not what you would normally expect. So a little bit of all of that.
Ana Gupte  Bernstein Research: On the small companies that may likely get shaken out, if you will, on the individual side and on Medicare Advantage. Is this expectation that you would actually engage in dollar transactions or would they just likely some of them just fold and the membership then accrues to players like yourself?
Michael McCallister: I think it will be both. There are some good, well-run small Medicare players around the country. I think if they're smart they'll find they need to find a new home for that business given what this thing looks like now. Others are weak, and I think we'll just take that business in the marketplace through just straight up competition with them. I expect both.
Ana Gupte  Bernstein Research: Finally on the selling season, which is compressed, you have this captive broker model. In the light of this compressed selling season, would you be able to leverage that sales force adequately in the MA space? Would you need to perhaps to cut it down some or do you have any plans to leverage it across these other broader individual efforts that you're going to, you know the [DTP] model?
James Murray: You hit it on the last one. We feel very bullish about the ability to have the market point agency sell many other products, all around what Mike talked about earlier with our focus on the individual. That's one of the reasons. Lower on the list, but certainly on the list in our desire to get into this space is to, because we feel like we've got a really good asset with our market point agency, having them sit across the table from folks who are not only over 65, but also under 65, and talk about all the products and services that we can bring to bear, is something we think the pretty, pretty impactful.  Although the 45 day period that's going to happen in 2011 is a little bit on the short side, we feel like we can move quickly to get folks focused on other lines of business. That's the silver lining in that change, frankly.
Ana Gupte  Bernstein Research: Just one last one and related to that, what percentage of the share of wallet do you think that would bring you? You talked about that being the big opportunity for you. Can you size that for us a little?
Michael McCallister: Not today. At this point I think we're still trying to figure out exactly how big that is. I don't mean to sound coy. The reason is you have to totally rethink the marketplace as soon as you look at the individual. Then you have to ask yourself how far from the core business are you willing to go? The further you go out, the bigger the opportunity is, at least in numbers, but the harder it is to execute on. There's always a balance between the two.  We see ourselves as a financial services company in health care, largely. You can start thinking about what boundaries that might produce if you have a relationship with an individual. We've seen some examples where we have already done some it. We have talked in the past about the development of our pharmacy capabilities. That's an expansion of our relationship with people that has gone quite well.  It's not just all new products and things like that. Some of it is just recapturing some of the economic power that exists from our base business and doing that. We bought up [Avery] health company. We started the pharmacy business. Those sort of things are there, too. That's something that's going to always with a work in progress because obviously at the end of the day we might like to make it as big as we can as long as we don't over-extend ourselves.
Operator:
 :  
Justin Lake  UBS: Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple questions here. First, Mike, clearly there's a lot of focus on selling costs in the business right now given the introduction of MLR minimums. You mentioned the importance of getting your SG&A as low as possible. I was wondering if you could talk to where you see individual and small group commissions in the market at present and where they might go over time?
Michael McCallister: Well, I am going to be standing in front of a large group of agents here in a few weeks. It's going to be interesting what the questions look like there. Clearly there's going to be pressure on commissions. There's just no question about it. There's not room in the economic model for the commission system as we know it today to continue to exist.  We have flexibility in our contracts to change these when we need to or want to. The flexibility is there. We just have to figure out some sort of a transition from where we are to where we are going to end up. Then ultimately end up to these exchanges. We are still trying to assess exactly what that means to the agent community.  I will say to you what I say to them when they ask me the same question, and I get it from every one of them when I see them, what about our future? I said your future is about your own value proposition with your customers. They're sort of in the same situation. Most of them have multiple business relationships with these people, not just health care.  Where health care is going to fit in that, I do not know. Whether we can work with everybody we have historically, I don't know yet. My guess is there's going to be a lot of pressure in that space to get those commissions down. We will do what we need to do. I think we're going to end up working with agents on some level for a long time. I just don't think it's going to look like what it does today. It's going to be a key component of getting the SG&A down. Because in the individual market, it's a material piece.
Justin Lake  UBS: Absolutely. Makes sense. The last question is the reform legislation appears to allocate the potential bonus payments and rebates you're getting now depending on your plan quality scores. I wonder if you can talk about how this metric is calculated, because it's my impression that it's basically curved by CMS so that only a certain amount of plans can actually make it into the highest quartile, which might make that difficult to achieve no matter how much the emphasis the industry puts on improving it. I just wonder if that's correct and any color you can give me here would be helpful. Thanks.
James Murray: We're studying a lot of what's out there with respect to the quality and how it's going to be administered like the MER, lots of questions around that. There are 33 measures that we're going to be evaluated on. Of those 33, 20 are graded on a curve while 13 are on a straight average. What we need to get our arms around is how this is going to be operationalized. Is it going to be on a state basis again like we talked earlier? Is it going to be on a contract basis? Is it going to be in total?  We need to get a little more guidance on that, as you might expect, because we believe that quality bonuses will be an important part of the value proposition that we ultimately provide to the seniors that we serve. We're all over that. We're starting to get our arms around how to improve our scores and also to really create some opportunity from the quality bonuses that are spelled out.
Operator: Your last question comes from Doug Simpson  Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson  Morgan Stanley: A lot of my questions have been asked. Maybe just a bigger picture question. Just given some of the rhetoric around rate increases across the country and we've all seen the headlines over the last couple of weeks  what are your expectations or what should we be expecting to see from some of the less financially strong players in the market? Could we see withdrawals from some markets on the risk side over the next year or two?  And just given leverage in the business, it's hard to underwrite risk business if you're not earning a decent margin on that business. Sort of any sense of timing as to how that may play out or how you guys are thinking about that?
Michael McCallister: First of all, when you start by saying I don't think it matters whether you are a for-profit or a nonprofit entity, I think we all have operate under the assumption that there will be integrity in the regulatory process in evaluating the solvency of companies. Ironically, it's the obligation of the regulators to ensure solvency of firms like ours in all of these states. That's been their historical job.  I don't know much about the specifics of the circumstances we've seen in the media at this point. Without having the detail, I wouldn't have a real strong point of view about those individual situations.  I can say that over time, we assume that what is required to have strong solvent companies to provide insurance to people in these states will be done. The other part is it's always better to be big and strong and have the robust balance sheet behind you and all those sort of things. I would just say all of these are still challenges of all sorts and really put pressure on smaller players. It's not just small in terms of total. It could be a small player in a state. So is it possible some are going to have to fold up their tents and go? Absolutely.  I would hope that regulators and others that are trying to make political hay out of this would understand the implications from a competitive perspective of forcing people out of the marketplace. I don't think that's the intent. But it certainly could be the unintended consequences of the process falling apart.
Doug Simpson  Morgan Stanley: Just along those lines, obviously there was a lot of heated rhetoric over the last 12 months, but with the vote in and the bill having passed, do you have any sense, is there recognition that the plans are obviously very important to the success of expanding access for people which was a large part of this bill?  Do you sense that behind the scenes as the implementation moves forward there will be something of a coming together or understanding of that dynamic a little bit more than we've seen in the discussion over the last 12 months?
Michael McCallister: I can understand if you're reading the papers why you would think that wouldn't happen. I would say it's in everyone's best interest for this to work well, both from a national policy perspective and from the standpoint of those that are participating in the industry. I think we will do everything we can to successfully implement what the law of the land is. We don't know exactly what it is completely because a lot of this stuff is going to be done from a regulatory perspective.  Whatever it is, once the law is determined and the regulations are on the books, then we will work and I think the industry will work very hard to make sure they are fully implemented and we comply. I think over time some of the realities of the unintended consequences and the difficulty of this will become apparent both to those writing regulations and to those of us in the industry. I think at the end of the day we will hope that the process brings in a reasonable result.
Operator:
 :
Michael McCallister: Thanks again for joining us this morning. I want to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call for making this success possible. We now have health insurance market reform, at least the first stage of it, behind us and some clarity around what our jobs are.  We fully expect to execute on both the challenges and the opportunities that are embedded in all of that. We're coming off of a wonderful '09 and the beginning of a decent 2010 here. We are quite proud of it. We expect to meet the guidance we've given you this morning. Thanks for joining us. We will be chatting in the future.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael McCallister  President & CEO James Bloem  SVP & CFO Jim Murray  COO Chris Todoroff  SVP & General Counsel Regina Nethery  VP IR 
Analysts:  Justin Lake - UBS  Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Charles Boorady - Citi Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Christine Arnold  Cowen & Co.  Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank  Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein  John Rex  JPMorgan Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer  Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo  Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Regina Nethery, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Good morning and thank you for joining us. In a moment Michael McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our fourth quarter 2009 results, as well as comment on our earnings outlook.  Following these prepared remarks we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Michael and James for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, www.humana.com later today.  This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement, certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas website as well as on the SECs website. Second, investors are advised to read Humanas fourth quarter 2009 earnings press release issued this morning. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this mornings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, Ill turn the call over to Michael McCallister.
Michael McCallister : Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today Humana reported earnings per share of $1.48 for the fourth quarter, bringing our earnings for the full year 2009 to $6.15 per share, in line with our most recent guidance.  In the fourth quarter and throughout the year favorable performance in our government segment, particular in Medicare, outweighed the negative effects of the general economy, the competitive environment and the H1N1 virus on our commercial business.  Humana Military Healthcare Services remained a solid contributor as it has for more than a decade. Ill make brief remarks about our government and commercial business performance in 2009, and then spend the majority of my time on our outlook for 2010, before turning the call over James Bloem.  Ill start with our government segment, we were pleased to close 2009 with an appreciable gain in net new Medicare Advantage enrollment. Ending membership rose from just over 1.4 million at December 31 of last year, to approximately 1.5 million at December 31, 2009, a net gain of nearly 73,000 members.  We also saw a significant shift toward network product enrollment as we continue to increase the size and scope of our Medicare provider networks throughout the year. Membership in our Medicare Advantage network products grew by 28% in 2009 versus that for 2008. These favorable outcomes were achieved despite becoming the first major company to incorporate member premiums across our private fee per service benefit designs. For 2010 we again structured premiums and benefits to conform to the changing payment environment. However we are increasingly realizing the beneficial effect of our progress on our 15% Solution, which helps mitigate the effect of this changing environment and allows our value proposition to remain strong.  Initial results from the 2010 selling season show higher Medicare Advantage membership retention ahead of previous expectations. Ill discuss this in more detail when I turn to 2010 in a few moments. To update you on TRICARE, we were notified by the TMA in December of its intent to exercise option periods extending the companys south region contract through March 31, 20110. The TMA also notified the government accountability office of its intent to take corrective action with respect to the GAOs October decision that supported Humana Militarys protest of the south region contract award to another carrier. We cannot determine what actions TMA will take and whether it would change the award of the contract. As a result our 2010 guidance appropriately includes anticipated charges resulting from the ultimate loss of this contract.  In the meantime we continue to deliver outstanding service under the current contract as we await action by the TMA on the GAO ruling. With respect to our commercial segment the ongoing pressures associated with the general economy, the competitive environment, as well as the effects of the H1N1 virus, resulted in a downturn in our results for 2009 versus the prior year.  Without revisiting the related details that we reviewed in last quarters call we believe that effective monitoring of medical cost data allowed us to begin raising premiums early enough in 2009 to get ahead of these issues for 2010. Positive developments within our commercial segment this past year include growth in our individual and specialty benefits businesses. Humana won individual membership grew 13% during 2009 and not totals more than 367,000 members. Specialty benefits membership also grew this past year totaling approximately 7.2 million members at the end of 2009, 7% more than at the end of 2008. Now lets turn to 2010 beginning with an update on our Medicare Advantage enrollment, Medicare Advantage plan membership grew approximately 220,000 on a net basis this past month, bringing our January, 2010 enrollment to 1,729,000.  Importantly we also saw the continued growth in members opting for network based products with 71% of our fully insured Medicare Advantage enrollment choosing coordinated care plans. Besides the individuals who are joining our plans, employer groups are beginning to see the benefits of Medicare Advantage as a solution to their retiree healthcare coverage needs.  Our breadth of product offerings nationally positions us well to grow in the group Medicare market. With sales on target and attrition coming in lower than we had previously projected, were now anticipating overall net Medicare Advantage membership gains, individual and group, of between 240,000 and 260,000 in 2010. Stand-alone PDP sales are generally in line with what we expected but attrition is higher than forecast. Consequently were lowering our membership expectations there and are now projecting PDP membership to be down 50,000 to 100,000 from the prior year.  Turning to our 15% Solution, as we look to the future we believe weve taken the appropriate operational steps to succeed long-term. Serving the Medicare population through Medicare Advantage and PDP is operational complex and not for the faint of heart.  Humanas depth and breadth of experience with these products will we believe make us one, on a very short list of successful national competitors because of our relentless and long-term focus on three operating principals, the consumer at the center, our 15% Solution, and being nimble and smart about benefit and premium design to ensure we preserve our economic value proposition for Medicare beneficiaries.  That combined with both a demographic growth associated with the aging baby boomers, and our capabilities in what is essentially a retail environment strengthens our belief in the long-term viability of Medicare for our company.  Administrative cost savings is another important enterprise wide initiative that positions us favorably for the future across all our businesses. As this slide demonstrates in recent years our administrative costs grew at nearly the same pace as our rapid revenue expansion, providing many opportunities to now realize significant efficiencies. On the whole were taking a deliberate strategic long-term approach to creating the efficient and agile infrastructure well need to position us well for the future.  It still remains too early to tell what kind if any of healthcare reform will be enacted in Washington. Rather than focusing on possible outcomes and their potential implications we are concentrating instead as we have for the past decade, on initiatives that will continue to position us well regardless of the political environment. The are consumer focused products, driving productivity and medical spending, robust actionable data, and constant innovation to engage our members actively in improving their health and well-being. In closing we have this morning raised our EPS guidance for 2010 to a range of $5.15 to $5.35 per share from the $5.05 to $5.25 range we disclosed in our third quarter call, driven primarily by the extension of our south region TRICARE contract.  With our proven ability to appeal to senior customers while successfully managing the regulatory environment over more than 20 years, we intend to grow membership in Medicare while enhancing our coordinated care model to keep increasing the value we offer our members.  This together with our anticipation of improved commercial segment results associated with contributions from our ancillary and specialty businesses, SG&A expense reduction, as well as pricing actions taken in 2009, give us confidence in the 2010 financial projections weve shared with you today.  With that Ill turn the call over James Bloem.
James Bloem : Thanks Michael and good morning everyone. Lets begin with a brief recap of our fourth quarter results. As Michael mentioned earlier, Humana reported fourth quarter earnings per share that matched our most recent guidance. However the components of our fourth quarter earnings were a little different that we previously anticipated with the government segment coming in slightly more favorable and the commercial segment coming in less favorable.  We will discuss each segment in detail in a moment. Also just as a reminder the fourth quarter of 2008 included higher PDP claims expenses and approximately $0.04 per share of other than temporary investment impairments.  Turning first then to the commercial segment, the principal over performance in the fourth quarter was in our stand-alone PDP business. As weve mentioned on several occasions throughout the year, this line of business performed very well in the first nine months and the fourth quarter continued that pattern. As we now transition to 2010 we expect our strong 2009 PDP results to continue into 2010. Although our January 1 stand-alone PDP membership is down, we anticipate further membership gains associated with the CMS demonstration contract during the remainder of the current quarter. We also continue to expect that we will meet or exceed our target operating margin percent on this PDP product line in 2010. Furthermore, our review of prescription drug utilization levels for January indicate that our current drug claim run rate and metrics are in line with this forecast. The fourth quarter results were another solid quarter for our Medicare Advantage offering as well. Now that we have a significant view of our newly added Medicare Advantage membership we can say that were pleased with our enrollment in each of the various Medicare Advantage product offerings; the HMO, the PPO and the private fee for service. These Medicare Advantage enrollment gains continue to validate our ability to design benefits and establish member premiums that are reflective of both underlying medical cost and CMS payment rates. To sum up, we remain confident in our expectations that our book of Medicare Advantage and stand-alone PDP offerings will deliver results that are at least in line with our initial expectations again in 2010. With respect to the Military Services business the additional fourth quarter earnings associated with retaining our TRICARE contract through the full year 2010 is the primary driver for todays increase in our 2010 earnings per share guidance. For now we continue to anticipate recording charges of between $50 million and $75 million in the second half of 2010 related to the assumed termination of the current TRICARE contract on March 31, 2011. As a reminder the principal portion of these charges relates to approximately $50 million of goodwill, the test for impairment of which is based on our updated analysis of the projected cash flows associated with our Military Services business.  Well continue to keep you apprised of the status of the TRICARE contract as new information becomes available. Turning now to the commercial segment our free cash results for the quarter were approximately $16 million below our previous guidance, or about $0.06 per share. The primary driver of this guidance shortfall generally was not related to issues that weve discussed throughout 2009 such as the economy, the competitive environment, or the flu. Instead the fourth quarter shortfall primarily was due to [incurring] expenses that are associated with realigning our cost structure in order to improve our run rate profitability. We expect these expenses to make us more cost competitive going forward and do not expect them to recur in a material way in 2010. So turning to 2010, we continue to expect commercial pre-tax earnings in the range of $125 million to $175 million which we described in our initial guidance last quarter as the stabilization of this segment of our business. Our specialty and ancillary businesses continued to perform well and our expected to be key drivers of our anticipated improved dollar and margin commercial pre-tax profitability in 2010 versus 2009. Additionally our 2010 commercial pre-tax income should benefit from administrative cost reductions which Ill speak more about in a minute. Further with respect to our commercial business we believe that weve addressed the economic and other issues that impacted our 2009 underwriting results and fully consider them in our 2010 guidance.  We also have made what we believe to be prudent assumptions with respect to both general economic conditions and medical cost pressures going forward. Accordingly our 2010 commercial pre-tax guidance does not rely on improvements in the general economy or in cost trends in order to fully benefit our fully insured medical product offerings. So as we close out what was a challenging and disappointing year in the commercial segment we look forward to improved results in 2010 with the following four factors playing a significant role in the turnaround. First, continued growth in our ancillary businesses such as Right Source and Life Sync, our mail order prescription drug and behavioral health businesses respectively. Second, a leaner administrative cost structure. Third, improving and growing specialty businesses such as dental, vision, and voluntary benefit products. And finally pricing actions taken during 2009 on our medical businesses. Moving next to our administrative costs, we made significant progress during the quarter with respect to the first $100 million of our administrative cost reduction goal.  These reductions are fully incorporated into our 2010 departmental budgets, and as noted in the press release are included in our 2010 earnings guidance. As you can see from the slide the proportionality of each class of expense reduction remains approximately as previously expected. So as we look beyond the first $100 million, which is what this effort is really about, we have good visibility into the future benefits we expect to realize from the alignment of our cost structure for the future.  As an organization we are fully engaged and committed to making Humana competitive for the long-term and we are highly confident that we can achieve significant run rate administrative expense reductions from which we will benefit as described in 2010 and to a greater extent in future years.  Now as we do each year, lets look next at the expected quarterly earnings pattern of our 2010 earnings. This slide shows the timing of the items that are expected to significantly impact our results from quarter to quarter.  These impact items include our regularly discussed seasonality factors such as for example the timing of the Medicare selling season and the quarterly effects of our PDP benefit designs as well as the ongoing growth and migration of the commercial membership into high deductible health plans.  New this year is the impact of any second half 2010 TRICARE charges which I discussed previously should we lose the south region contract effective in early 2001. Other than those potential TRICARE charges we do not anticipate any significant differences from our 2009 earnings pattern in 2010.  Accordingly our first quarter 2010 earnings per share guidance of $1.10 to $1.20 is consistent with our full year 2010 guidance when compared to the comparable periods in 2009. Turning now to cash flows from operations, this slide indicates that operating cash flows exceeded $1.4 billion in 2009 versus approximately $1 billion in 2008. In 2010, cash flows are expected to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion with a principal difference from 2009 accounted for by the anticipated change in our net income. Its also important to note that the majority of any potential charges associated with the TRICARE contract would be noncash.  Lastly with respect to capital deployment and liquidity we continue to both have and conserve ample capital and liquidity as uncertainty around health insurance reform requirements and the general terms and conditions of credit availability continues.  We also continue to carry significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state regulated operating subsidiaries. Cash and investments held at the parent were approximately $665 million at December 31, 2009. As in prior years 2010 dividends from the subsidiaries to the parent are expected to be declared and paid after the individual state reports are filed and discussed with the various departments of insurance as well as the credit rating agencies.  This process is usually completed by June 30 and we expect to discuss the results in our second quarter 2010 earnings conference call in early August. Finally we continue to have full availability under our $1 billion revolving bank credit agreement as addition liquidity for potential business needs and opportunities. This facility remains effective until July of 2011. So to conclude were very pleased with our overall results of 2009. Were confident that our updated 2010 guidance of $5.15 to $5.35 in earnings per share reflects our organizational expertise, as well as our continued disciplined and intentional approach to the current operating environment.  As we begin 2010 we believe that we are both well positioned to help our members with their healthcare challenges, as well as financially strong and liquid. Accordingly we expect to be able to continue to provide both strong satisfaction to our members and solid operating results to our owners. With that well open the phone lines for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake - UBS 
Justin Lake - UBS : First question just on the SG&A, you mentioned $200 million last call, obviously youve gotten off to a good start there, and you lowered the high end of your SG&A range to 13.5%, Im just curious how much of that $200 million now is kind of baked into 2010 numbers. 
James Bloem : The answer still as the answer was in the third quarter, $100 million. And again the manifestation of that that were showing today is weve taken the SG&A ratio down 25 basis points to mid point. 
Justin Lake - UBS : But if the answer is the same as it was last quarter, why did you take down the SG&A. Is there something else in there. 
James Bloem : Because now as weve gone through, before it was a goal, now its been implemented and its in everybodys budget.
Justin Lake - UBS : So as it continues to be implemented throughout the year we could expect to potentially see that number come down.
James Bloem : Yes, youll always see as we make progress going forward, now were spending the rest of this year thinking about the run rate for 2011, and beyond as far as administrative cost reduction is concerned. 
Justin Lake - UBS : And then on the expected rate to come out, the advance notice on February 19 Im just curious what youre looking at as far as your estimate of where you think that rate might come out and your thoughts on a potential for a multi year doc [inaudible]. 
Michael McCallister : Let me start with the rate thats coming up, I dont think anyone really knows at this point. I guess the point I would make is its probably not a very relevant piece of information because we have a lot of moving parts and the [doc ticks] which is the second part of your question is a big piece of that.  At this point weve said all along that doctors fees would be fixed and as you know were in the middle of a two month extension which doesnt really fix anything but its really indicative of how politically people look at the problem and so I think were going to see, no one reasonably believes that doctors are going to see significant cuts in their fees on either side of the [aisle]. So at the end of the day we know this is going to happen. They have to just find the right political structure and the timing or whatever they need to do to make that happen and theyve been buying themselves time by kicking the can here, and so well see how it plays out. I think the timing of all that will be important to those rates and I think at the end of the day were going to have to be focused on the end rate as opposed to what happens on February 19 because of everything thats happening. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Just wondering if you could give us an update on the commercial competitive environment, what are you seeing in terms of the intensity of price competition, maybe how thats changed over the past year or two and if you can give us any granularity by region, that would be great. 
Jim Murray : Weve talked in the past about regions of the country that are price competitive. I would say that in the region that weve talked about most in the past year, Texas, were seeing some mitigation of some of the competitor actions. Other parts of the country though seem to take the place of a Texas, I would point to an area like a Florida where were seeing some unusual pricing from one of the competitors thats there.  And I guess the message that I would say is that theres always going to be an aberrant competitor and I think that the competitive marketplace in the commercial lines of business is very, very difficult and more towards a commodity kind of environment and so thats how were beginning to step back and evaluate this line of business and manage accordingly.  Its difficult to create a value proposition in a place that your competitor can do one thing one day and then something completely the opposite the next and so what were focusing on is the areas of the country that make good sense for us, were stepping back and reorganizing our commercial business, were identifying geographies and products that make the most sense for us in parts of the United States and thats how were going to go to market going forward and we feel very good about what were thinking about for 2010 and beyond. 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: And could you elaborate a little bit more on the lower than expected PDP drug plan enrollment, is that related to how your products compare to whats being offered by competitors, is that across the board or is there a particular competitor or competitors that have aggressive designs relative to yours this year. 
Michael McCallister : I think in simplest terms we think our prices are a little too high generally in that space and weve said all along and weve seen over the years and youve watched it, this is a pretty dynamic market in the PDP space and people move pretty quickly.  Incredible transparency around positioning of products and prices and all that sort of thing so at the end of the day I think we just got our price a little high and were suffering some market share loss as a result of that. So well get a chance to relook at that in the fall or actually in June well do it again.  Its just the way the market works here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady - Citi
Charles Boorady - Citi: My questions are around Medicare Advantage, just past the January hump here, wondering if you can characterize the lives gained versus loss, the gross adds in attrition in terms of risk or any other measures of selection bias and also for 2010 just what youre expecting the average PMPM premium yield to be and what portion of that is member paid in 2010.
Jim Murray : Weve obviously looked at a lot of early metrics and data to get a sense for what was taking place in January because we knew that you would ask this question, with respect to the PDP weve obviously looked at cost per scripts, weve looked at member cost share and weve looked at utilization statistics like generic use rates, use of the like source firms, the 90-day at retail, we looked at a lot of things and we feel as James Bloem said a moment ago extremely comfortable with what were seeing in the month of January.  As it relates to the MA, weve looked at the risk scores and we feel good about the risk scores that are coming in. Now I say that because you asked the question because you would like our risk scores to be lower. I look at our lower risk scores as an opportunity because we want to be paid for the risks that were assuming and we think that the risk scores are lower because they arent properly reflective of the risks that were assuming. So well be working on those over the course of the next year or so. Weve also looked at the claims payments and inventories claim receipts, and again as James Bloem said here a moment ago we feel very good about what were seeing developing with the MA. We also got as you know the large groups and we wanted to make very comfortable and sure of what were seeing there. We looked at their risk scores, we looked at their claims utilization specifics for the first month, and we feel very good about their performance.  And so on this January 31, with the data thats available to us we feel pretty good coming into 2010.
Charles Boorady - Citi: I asked about the member paid premium as well, do you happen to know for your average MA life how much theyre paying per month this year versus last. 
James Bloem : Yes, last year I think it was $40.00 PMPM and this year its high $50.00. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Question around some of the Medicare Advantage growth come in a little bit better I guess than expected for January, can you help us understand where these members are coming from in terms of how many of them maybe were in private fee per service plans historically and Im talking more about your network growth right now, were they previously Humana private fee per service or other private fee per service, are any of these up sales from PDP, or any of these sort of member switches or how much are [inaudible], just any sort of color on that. 
Jim Murray : There is a mixed bag. We look at our competitiveness or value proposition in the marketplace that we go to business in and I would tell you that coming into this year we knew that there were a few competitors who were exiting the private fee per service business and where they have had historically strong membership were seeing some nice results there.  Theres a market or two where our value proposition doesnt look as good relative to the competition and as you might expect were not doing as well there as we had been in the past. In terms of the PDP and private fee for service conversions, theyre doing fine. Theyre not as fulsome as they had been in the past because as our private fee per service membership shrinks we cant convert as many as we had in the past and that goes to some extent on the PDP. Our membership there is more stable and since weve had the conversations with a lot of those PDP members the amount that were going to get from PDP conversion hasnt been as high as its been in the past so thats an area of focus for us for the remainder of 2010. But frankly if I were to step back I would say probably the improvement is a result of two things, the competitors exiting the marketplace in some areas and also our market point reps doing a wonderful job meeting ahead of time with the members that are part of their network, explaining to them whats going to happen. The member premium changes that weve made, the value propositions we created are real, relationship with the members that are a part of their book of business and that has helped our persistency for those members and well do that more and more and thats why we think that weve got an advantage over others. 
Michael McCallister : As Ive said for a long time I think the real opportunity in Medicare Advantage for growth long-term is going to be retention and I think were just beginning to see early indications that some of the newer and different things were doing around retention are beginning to have some traction. So, were pretty pleased with progress there but theres still a lot of opportunity. 
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: And then second question is sort of a follow-up, whats the total dollar including and I understand your member premiums it sounded like they went from $40.00 up to high $50.00 but total total dollar PMPM that youre getting in terms of revenue reimbursement in the MA for 2010, whats the expectation.
Regina Nethery : I dont have that right in front of me, but we can compute it off the membership guidance and the revenue guidance in the press release so Ill get back with you.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: I guess what Im coming at is if I do that math, Im coming up with a number pretty significantly better than what the preliminary final rates for last year were, so Im just trying to parse out how much of that is coming in from you versus increase in risk scores. 
Regina Nethery : Again, I have this now in front of me and its about $900.00 PMPM in total including the member premiums. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: I think you mentioned that there was some extra costs in Q4 in your SG&A related to the cost cutting issues for 2010, I didnt hear a number, do you have a size of the cost.
James Bloem : Yes, the number was $60 million. 
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And was that mostly in commercial. 
James Bloem : Yes it was in commercial, thats why when were pointing forward on the commercial business were saying that our previous guidance we said we would earn approximately $120 and thats basically the difference between, the $16 is the difference between the $104 we reported and the $120.  So as you look forward to 2010 we have confidence that were going to hit near the mid point of the $125 to $175 guidance based on specialty and ancillary and the cost reductions in pricing that have been mentioned. 
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And as far as the cash at corporate on your balance sheet, what is your thought process about putting that to work and I guess previously I would have thought that healthcare reform would have been a catalyst to help you make a decision about how you wanted to deploy that capital to the extent that reform is delayed or falls apart, how do you think about where and when to put that cash to use. 
Michael McCallister : The issues and the variables you just outlined are the reasons were conservative. We dont know where healthcare reform goes next and I dont know if anyone does and so we need to be prepared for wherever it may turn. Other than that I would go back and say nothing has fundamentally shifted. The company is at an interesting point in its history and we have some strategic considerations around which products were going to focus on, which markets were going to be in, all those things are things that weve been working on for some months in terms of sketching out our future.  So we will put this capital to work. Were not going to sit on it long-term. But I think its a time right now to be reasonably conservative and thats going to be our approach. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Arnold  Cowen & Co. 
Christine Arnold  Cowen & Co. : Im trying to impute what you have done on Medicare Advantage, so if we take a $40.00 premium and it goes up $18.00 thats 2% of the price cost spread thats kind of a negative 10% that youve covered with member premiums, could you talk about how much you think you covered with benefit designs and how much you think youll cover with increased risk scores and other factors. 
Jim Murray : One of the things that Michael pointed out in his remarks that its increasingly more important than some of the things that youve referenced is what were referring to as the 15% Solution. When were able to focus on driving our costs 15% below where the Medicare pay per service program is, that creates real opportunity for us to mitigate our required premium increases and benefit design changes.  And were beginning to see some nice traction in that regard and so thats been very, very helpful for us not only for what we did for 2009 but increasingly for 2010 and as we look to 2011, were very happy with the trajectory that weve got in terms of what were able to do around the network based products and what we can do from a cost savings perspective.  And so a lot of the things that weve talked about in the past, we really want to change the discussion towards a focus on the 15% Solution because thats what we think adds real long-term viability to us as a company. 
Christine Arnold  Cowen & Co. : So how much do you think you can bring costs down in 2010. 
Jim Murray : Depending upon the type of product design, be it private fee per service versus PPO versus HMO, were seeing 5% to 7% improvement already on the private fee per service and that number goes increasingly up above the 15% that weve talked about particularly around the HMO designs.  And so just like theres a product continuum that weve got as a company, the savings potential that weve got is kind of a savings continuum if you will, the more obviously for the higher managed products.
Michael McCallister : Let me add to that, let me just make it perfectly clear, long-term in Medicare it will not be possible to be successful with a pure insurance mindset. You cannot do enough in premiums and benefits over time given whats likely to happen in Medicare Advantage around payment rates over time to make it actually work.  You have to drive, and Im going to be using these words constantly, theyre not traditional medical type words, but productivity and efficiency. Every dollar we find there relieves the pressure on the other things I just described and so its going to be a combination of being smart and nimble as we indicated relative to insurance things and hitting the market with the right combination but the long-term viability of the business is built on management and execution around productivity and efficiency and without that it isnt going to work. 
Christine Arnold  Cowen & Co. : So are you going drive, are you saying more than 5% to 7% in cost reduction with the HMO and PPO product which is the majority of your enrollment. 
Michael McCallister : Well Im not going to speak to 2010 specifically but I will tell you its going to have to be bigger than that and its going to have to be across all these products over time. Thats why we target 15. We believe 15 is that actual number. 
Regina Nethery : I need to clarify one answer I gave earlier, the $900.00 PMPM premium on Medicare includes ASO members, so if you look at just the fully insured its probably closer to $917 or thereabouts. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank : It looks like you ticked up your medical costs trends just a bit to 8% from 7% to 8%, but the cost components are all the same so can you talk about what factors are driving the modestly higher cost trend view. 
James Bloem : Theres no difference in the way I recall, I think weve just basically stayed each of those components are you pointed out has stayed the same and weve probably just come up from the high 7s to 8%. But I dont see it as any material change from what we said before. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank : And then just on the commercial business can you talk about the profitability and the individual segment relative to group at this point. Were seeing the individual enrollment continuing to increase but so is the MLR so is it really just that the group results are being pressured or are you seeing some impact too on the individual side. 
Jim Murray : As weve talked in the past the target that weve had on the individual is higher than the small group which is higher than the large group. Because of whats happened with the economy I would say that theres more pressure on some of the group business than weve seen in the past and thats driven some of the margin compression that we felt as an organization. However we have had some things that have occurred relative to the flu and what have you that have impacted all of our lines of business. But generally speaking the individual block has a target margin of somewhere around 5% to 6%, the small group is more like 4% to 5% and large group is probably more like 3% to 4%, 2% to 4%, something in that range and the competitive environment is making those a little bit tighter than they have been in the past. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank : And then whats driving the boost in the other revenue, is that the ancillary products or I think its up around $75 million at the mid point.
James Bloem : Right its up $75 at the mid point and thats basically a more refined estimate around whats going to happen in our mail order pharmacy business. The expenses that follow that dont change the overall total either on the commercial side which is where those results end up, or in total for the EPS. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein 
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein : My question is about your commercial book and the premium yields and the medical cost trends for the fourth quarter, they improved sequentially but continue to be negative, I was wondering what your outlook is for your medical loss ratio into 2010 and what gives you confidence that you will be able to bring pricing in line with costs, is it pricing, is it H1N1 that you think might be better than expectations, whats your outlook for Cobra and as youre seeing the risk profile on your commercial book evolve do you see that turning more balanced with the essentially improving economy. 
James Bloem : With respect to the MER guidance you can see that its very close to where we ended up last year at the mid point. I think we were 80.6 in commercial for 2009 and were saying between 80 and 81 for 2010. So those are very close, again, citing the pricing the things that we have done before. You also mentioned a couple of things that we think are somewhat unique to 2009 which were the flu and the Cobra. The Cobra subsidiary is probably going to wear off early in the year and then that will continue, and that will normalize and we think that the H1N1 is past us as well. So, we dont see the MER for the guidance changing very much from what 2009 was. It was again around 80.5.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein : On the PDP membership you mentioned the $500 million contract, is you membership guidance including that or excluding that and what type of margins are you anticipating on this contract. 
James Bloem : Our guidance says that we have not received all the members yet and we look at the 1,780,000 that we have now, we said that we would probably gain by implication another 50 to 100 members through that contract. The margins on that contract are probably a little bit less than the overall targeted margin, but again, its a demonstration contract where people, were sort of the concierge of low income seniors who become eligible based on their income for the subsidies. They come to us and then they go on off into their auto assigned places. So, thats generally the story on the contract. 
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein : On the days claims payable, the end of year number has been trending down from 2007 and 2008 onward, can you give us some color on that and the outlook for that. 
James Bloem : Basically three good reasons for that, one is our process claims inventories are down substantially indicating again receipt cycle time being less and the fact that were paying faster. The other two are timing issues with respect to the cut off and with respect to pharmacy and an acquisition that we did in 2008. So its a four day reduction, half of it was the faster receipt cycle time and the lower claims inventories. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex  JPMorgan
John Rex  JPMorgan: Could you give us the specific gross numeric adds and losses in MA that worked down to you net number and also the specific number of PFF lives that were converted to your network based products as of January. 
Jim Murray : Im going to exclude what we refer to as plan to plan changes because I think thats the number you really want and for the AEP it was around 370,000 sales in terms of around 150 and then for the full year were estimating sales of around 620,000 in terms of around 370 I think to the mid point. That includes the group sales of about 190.
John Rex  JPMorgan: And then on PFF conversions. 
Jim Murray : And I said this earlier because our private fee for service membership is shrinking as we want it to, were going to get less conversion than we have in the past. In the past weve gotten 90,000 conversions and I think were targeting around 70,000 now but well try to make that number as high as possible. 
John Rex  JPMorgan: This is just PFFS to MA. So targeting around 70 you said.
Jim Murray : Correct. 
John Rex  JPMorgan: And then just back one thing just on that other revenue line, just so I understand a little better, I understand its not driving earnings but with PDP membership having swung so much the other direction, why are revenues in that line going up 30%. Just trying to understand what would drive a 30% increase even with lower membership in something like a DDT plan. 
James Bloem : I think youve sort of pointed out, it didnt effect earnings and I think what we did is we really didnt really have a very good estimate when we did it the first time. We have a better estimate today so thats basically the main reason.
John Rex  JPMorgan: So rising from where youve been I guess also on the, just the maybe even thinking about it and then from the 2009 run rate, what would be the impact. 
James Bloem : Higher Medicare Advantage membership because again were going up, weve raised it 40 again today and were up 220 in January.
Regina Nethery : Remember most of our MA membership has a drug benefit.
John Rex  JPMorgan: And thats not offset by whats going in on in Part D then. 
James Bloem : No.
John Rex  JPMorgan: Why would that be the case. Youre down, Part D is down also from where you were last year by a reasonable amount, and Im just, and it so its just the youre all in Medicare membership if I took Medicare Advantage and Part D together, and you think about kind of where that membership base is running this year versus 2009. 
Jim Murray : If you could step back and say what is the real question that youre asking so that we can
John Rex  JPMorgan: I guess I want to understand what drives the other revenue line so you said its scripts, its mostly the mail order, and so when that is rising pretty significantly still on membership but when you take all in kind of the membership that would be tagged to this
Jim Murray : Have you counted the ASO contracts for 30,000 Medicare members that we have gotten this past year as well. 
John Rex  JPMorgan: So youll be getting some on that too. 
Jim Murray : Yes, so its 30,000 Medicare members that is being accounted for as a self-funded account which would be included then in that line as well. And theres the growth in the Right Source not only from the membership that we have but also our existing block of Medicare business, were constantly trying to increase what flows through the Right Source subsidiary and as that increases that other revenue line increases. So were sitting here struggling trying to figure out exactly the dollarization of that and perhaps Regina could help out on a
John Rex  JPMorgan: No thats alright I just thought if there was [inaudible] out there, thank you. 
James Bloem: The original estimate though was not very much higher than 2009s result of 240 and I think some of the difference youre looking for is in the weakness of the original estimate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer 
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer : In the commercial business recognizing it was a difficult year it looks like your earnings were down over 50% which is a lot worse than what were hearing from the peers, is there anything that stands out that would be specific to you versus the rest of the industry. 
Jim Murray : I would quickly point out that our earnings are lower than the others as a starting point and so when you say that our earnings were down 50% thats because our, the dollar amount of our earnings was a much smaller amount than any of our competitors and so if you would look at the amount that any of the competitors are down relative to where were down and you look at our MERs versus their MERs and our admin versus theirs, Im not sure that you would come to the same 50% down question so Ill just point that out to you.  But I would say that as we look at what our MER statistics are versus the competition and we look at the economy impact and the flu impact and the competitive environment I would suggest that we are not down significantly more than any other competition and so I just think its a matter of us having a lower earnings from our commercial or base and its that base, got chewed up a little bit as our MER deteriorated a 100 basis points or 200 basis points.  But again the base was lower than any of the larger national competitors that we are compared against.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer : Even with the expected improvement that youre looking at for 2010, I think that still works out to a margin of less than 2%, is there do you think a need to take a deeper look at the scale and potentially reorganizing either the geographies or the products that youre in on the commercial business.
Michael McCallister : The answer is of course, yes. Are we happy with that margin? No. Were also in the same game with everybody else and everyone else has had problems this year in the commercial space. I would quickly say thank goodness we were diversified in a number of government lines of business which helped the company perform very well in 2009 by the way.  But I will tell you thats exactly what weve been up to for about seven, eight, nine months looking at all of our lines of business, Jim referenced it earlier, with a focus on our commercial space and deciding exactly where we can or cannot compete and where there are scale implications with meaning how they effect us. In terms of the total company we have plenty of scale across IT investments and that sort of thing because of our other lines of business, but in the commercial space geography has always been important. The underlying cost of services through networks can define your competitiveness no matter what else youre doing. And so thats the sort of thing we have to look at. What products are we going to be in, what geographies are we going to be in, thats exactly what weve been doing and we will work to refine where we compete in the commercial space over the longer term. What youre hearing from us I hope is sort of a leaning into the idea that the closer we can get to the individual consumer around businesses where were directly selling to them, whether it be the dental business, other lines of business where we have voluntary products which weve been working on, Medicare, all those places where we can get closer to the consumer is where we are most interested. So am I waking up every day trying to figure out how to deal with a multi location large employer on a fully insured basis, absolutely not. And we will not be. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo 
Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo : Question on cash flow can you remind us what your contributions to the subs were in 2009 and what you expect for 2010 sub contribution and then I know you dont necessarily maybe want to discuss details on how much you could dividend up from the subs in 2010 but if we look at net income maybe correlating with those dividends, should it be higher than you were able to dividend up this year, in 2009.
James Bloem : First of all with respect to the contributions they were $135 million and I would say thats probably a good number to think about as we talk about 2010. Dividends last year at 775 we wont complete the statutory filings until the end of February and thatll give me a much better idea where well be on that but I do expect based on the aggregate excess surpluses that we have that well do very fine again in dividends because again weve had a very good year in terms of income and weve got very appropriate levels of surplus at them.  I just cant, its just not an appropriate time to give you a number on that but we do feel good about where we are and where we think we should end up given where we were lets say at the end of the third quarter.  
Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo : And then I think youve given us a lot of big picture long-term thoughts on this call, both on the commercial business and on how you can maintain your Medicare product, if I can ask you think out maybe and connect the dots if we look out three to five years, do you think the revenue and earnings base of the company is flat versus where it is in 2010 or up or down. 
Michael McCallister : Im not going to get into any projections that are that far out, I will say that my view of the Medicare business is that it remains a growth opportunity for us. I think we will be one of the few that actually remain committed to it and actually can succeed there. I think whatever happens in Washington at the end of the day, I think theres going to be a private sector alternative in Medicare and were positioned well to do our part there.  So I think as an underlying view of the company I think our growth engine and our earnings engine has been our government lines of business and I think theyre likely to remain a huge component of what we do long-term. Our question is and strategically were asking it every day is what else can we wrap around this, what other lines of business do we want to be in, where can we be close to the consumer and I think our strategic questions are going to be what can the company look like three to five years down the road with that focus as opposed to looking backwards at a more traditional commercial insurance environment.  I think the thing we have going for us which is the most powerful is this baby boomer generation. The clock is a powerful thing. Its unstoppable. These people are going to turn 65, theyre going to fall under the responsibility of the US government for much of their medical spending and the US government historically has shown no ability to control that. They are going to have to turn to the private sector under some scenario and ask for our help. And whether its the way were currently paid or not well have to determine that over time but they need us because they cant afford the current commitments to seniors. 
Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo : And I could just ask one clarification, the fact that healthcare reform may or may not actually happen that doesnt change your long-term view that Medicare Advantage reimbursement is going to be reduced, does it. 
Michael McCallister : No really, weve always said that over the long-term that at the end of the day the government needs to get value from us as well as the individual consumer so our mental model from the very beginning was that these rates would ultimately work their way back to at least where the old program was and thats the way weve built our business, thats why we started building networks years ago. Thats why were not all that frightened by 2011 and private fee for service going away. Because its always been our preparatory work and so thats why I remain reasonably comfortable. As long as Im trying to outperform the older Medicare program which is at the core what this is all about, thats something Im willing to do because the old Medicare program is a mess. Its a perfect storm for inflation and if thats the standard against which we have to operate, then I think well be fine. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: Maybe just quickly just sort of building on that point you were just talking about, can you just give us some color given your presence in the Medicare side of the business what is when youre having inpatient pricing discussions and youre looking out a year, do you think the hospitals are focused on the migration issue you just talked to from the 64 year old on a commercial plan aging into the Medicare program, how much of that is at the forefront or at least on the radar as theyre thinking about pricing with you looking out a year or two on the commercial side. 
Michael McCallister : Lets just face it, its easy to predict whats going to happen. If youre a hospital and you have this baby boom dynamic working out and you have more people going into Medicare where youre being underpaid for your services, you have to raise your prices to other payer which means theres going to be more and more pressure on the commercial side of the business from hospitals for higher prices to offset the implications of the aging of the population. Now it doesnt happen real fast and doesnt happen over night so I think theyll be able to manage all that. But I think that theres going to be growing pressure on whats the commercial business for hospital pricing because the hospitals have no choice.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: And then just to clarify I dont think you gave a number for the dividends expected mid year, youre waiting approval from the state, is that I cant remember if youve given us this number in the past at this point in the year, is there anything new or different or is it just you want to wait and see exactly where that shakes out. 
James Bloem : No its the same process, we put together the filings and then we go see the states and the credit rating agencies and then generally its all wrapped up by June 30 and then we tell you in the second quarter call in August how we came out. But again, I feel good because weve had a very good year, and we were starting with very good capitalization.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: So as a baseline we could probably use this years experience for modeling purposes.
James Bloem : Thats what I, I didnt go all the way to that. I went to, we had a very, we had a great pickup this year in giving $775 million versus on 296 in 2008 so again, there were a number of factors that played into that including the 2008 results which werent that good. Plus the fact that we had put a lot of capital into the subs in 2008 and we lowered that to 135.  So I think the capitalization is good, the year is good so we should have a good year as we go out. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Michael McCallister : Let me just close by saying weve put to bed 2009. It was a good year for the company and I think in the environment we operated in I think thats something to be proud of. We remain positioned well when it comes to Medicare both short-term and long-term and are prepared to deal with whatever scenarios are presented to us relative to healthcare reform should there by any.  And Im very optimistic around how 2010 looks and the guidance weve given you today. So with that Ill thank all the Humana associates that are on this call for making the performance weve shared with these folks this morning possible. And look forward to talking to you again to report the first quarter. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer Christopher Todoroff - Senior Vice President and General Counsel Regina C. Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Charles Boorady - Citi Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Thomas Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Securities Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo Securities Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions). Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Regina C. Nethery: Good morning and thank you for joining us. In a moment Mike McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our third quarter 2009 results as well as comment on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement: Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas website as well as on the SECs website. Additionally, investors are advised to read Humanas third quarter 2009 earnings press release issued this morning. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our Investor Relations website. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this mornings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. This morning I will discuss our third quarters, put additional context around our earnings guidance for 2010 included in todays news release, and comment on the national political environment. Jim Bloem will then provide more color around financial performance moving into 2010. Turning first to our third quarter results; this morning we reported third quarter 09 earnings of $1.78 per share, in line with our prior expectations and guidance. The quarters results are a significant improvement over the $1.09 per share earned last year in the third quarter, even adjusting for a charge of $0.40 per share in the third quarter 08 results associated with unusual volatility in the financial and credit markets. Our government segment continued to perform well in the third quarter, particularly in our Medicare business. Our commercial segment faced continuing challenges from the economic recession with resulting rising unemployment as well as continued impact from a highly competitive environment and the H1N1 virus. Nevertheless, the positive momentum in the government segment is offsetting the less favorable results in the commercial segment, allowing us to reaffirm our 2009 guidance of approximately $6.15 per share. Turning to 2010, it is important to note at the offset that our guidance issued this morning of $5.05 to $5.25 per share does not include any allowance for what may or may not ultimately happen with health reform, and includes only $0.00 to $0.10 in earnings per share from our Tricare business which we believe is the most conservative assumption we can make at this point. It does however reflect the anticipated impact of the number of significant factors that are more predictable: One, savings from administrative cost reductions; two, projected increases in Medicare Advantage membership; three, a lower overall Medicare operating margins; and four, stabilization of our commercial segment results. I will begin my discussion of these four points by touching briefly on our previously disclosed target of administrative cost reductions of at least $200 million in 2010. In more that doubling our revenue since 2005, we have had to quickly ramp up our infrastructure to meet the demands of this growth as it was occurring. Now were taking advantage of the opportunity to find efficiencies and eliminate duplication as we adjust to a changed environment. Our goal is not just to slash costs, but to strategically restructure our organization to position us to maintain a reduced level of spending beyond 2010. We continue to actively pursue the full $200 million in administrative expense reductions and are only including approximately half of that amount in our guidance this morning, as a matter of prudence since certain of the strategic changes we anticipate making are still in their early stages of development. We will update you on our continued progress with these initiatives throughout 2010. Turning to anticipated Medicare Advantage membership gains, with plan designs and premiums across the sector, now public, we are in general pleased with how our products stack up against those offered by our competitors, particularly when Medicare beneficiaries look closely at projected out-of-pocket and supplemental benefits. Consequently, we anticipate net growth of 20,000 to 60,000 members in our Medicare Advantage individual offerings in 2010. Further, as we discussed in last quarters earnings call, 2010 will show a substantial increase in our group Medicare membership. In addition to the 100,000 life group account win we shared with you in last quarters call, in the third quarter we a three major new group Medicare accounts all with January 2010 effective dates; Navistar with 29,000 retiree lives will become a self-funded group Medicare account. We also added a West Virginia Public Employees account with 34,000 members and the United Auto Workers account in Kentucky, Ohio, and Wisconsin, totaling approximately 10,000 members. Combing these individual and group successes we anticipate total Medicare Advantage membership to increase by approximately 180,000 to 240,000 members in 2010. With respect to our targeted combined Medicare Advantage margins, weve long been public with the fact that we strategically target approximately 5% for this business. We believe its the right thing to do from a long-term perspective as it allows us to decrease out-of-pocket cost and enhance benefits for our Medicare members, making the program more attractive and driving growth. Included in our 2010 expectations are moderating margins, more PDP business, lower margins on the new group Medicare business I just discussed, and the target margin we historically use in the bidding process for our individual Medicare Advantage members. However, as we discussed with you on multiple occasions and on many earnings calls, our goal is to increasingly engage our members with our clinical guidance programs, and as a result, our Medicare margins have the potential to improve during the year. We believe it prudent to exclude this potential improvement from todays 2010 guidance points. Turning now to the change in our expectations for the commercial segments moving into next year. In spite of the difficult external environment, due primarily to the economic recession, high unemployment, and the continuation of a highly competitive environment, were confident that a number of factors will help stabilize commercial segment results in 2010. Let me highlight two of these. First, as I mentioned earlier, were keenly focused on 2010 administrative cost reductions. Second, we believe that the pricings actions we began implementing earlier this year will gain traction in 2010. Consequently, were projecting our commercial segment pre-tax earnings for 2010 to stabilize in the range of $125 million to $175 million. While this is admittedly a wide range, we expect to tighten it as the year progresses and we gain more visibility on the success of the steps we have taken to address the issues that have been pressuring our commercial results. As mentioned previously, the final factor which should have a significant impact on 2010 is the assumed loss of the Tricare contract in the fall of next year. While we were pleased that the GAO has upheld our Tricare protest, we are awaiting further detail as to the protest findings and next steps. In the absence of anything definitive at this point, it is still too early to tell whether there will ultimately be any change in the word of the contract. Our guidance, therefore, conservative assumes that we will only retain the contract till September 2010 and includes all wind-down costs. Our conversations with the government indicate that this is the minimum period we would keep it even under transition to another carrier. Before turning the call over to Jim Bloem, let me spend a few moments talking about the current political environment. Humana and our industry continue to work diligently for comprehension bipartisan healthcare reform this year. Our commitment to health reform done right and precise is the primacy of guaranteeing coverage for all Americans with everyone participating in the system while reining in out of control costs that are increasingly unsustainable for individuals and business. Were committed to doing our part to make coverage more affordable for those in need. Our industry is actively presenting solid, data-driven studies that are garnering attention across a number of rounds in Washington. We dont anticipate those efforts will subside in 2010 no matter what the version of healthcare reform is or is not and after this year. Just as we strive for continual improvement in our day-to-day operational activities, we also strive for continued improvement in how our country addresses the challenges associated with our current healthcare system. To sum up, 2009 is playing our well though it does include some challenges. Nevertheless, as we head towards a new year were confident in our ability to achieve the EPS guidance range for 2010 we shared with you this morning. We recognize the importance of assessing the long-term impact of operational decisions and the need to ensure a lean cost structure, solid day-to-day execution, and an ongoing commitment to consumerism and innovation so that we provide value to all Humana stakeholders. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
James H. Bloem: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. I am pleased to report earnings per share of $1.78 for the quarter even though some of the components our earnings were a little different than we originally expected. This morning Ill primarily focus my remarks on our business segments beginning with the commercial segment. Before we start though Id like to note that we expect 2009 consolidated revenues to be in line with our previous guidance with growth of approximately 6% more anticipated for 2010. Turning first then to the commercial segment; our 2009 commercial pre-tax income is expected to be approximately $8 million lower at the mid point than our previous guidance, primarily due to several of the same issues which also have been cited by our competitors and which are pervasive in the current economy. We continue to experience a difficult commercial operating environment with unemployment, competition, and the H1N1 virus currently cumulatively weighing heavily on our commercial results. During the first and second quarter calls we discussed the following factors which adversely affected our commercial results. First, a decline in medical membership, primarily the result of some of the younger and healthier workers of groups we insure dropping or losing coverage as a result of fewer hours worked or broad-based layoffs. Second, as a result of fewer younger members, there has been a deterioration in the remaining risk pool. Third, medical spending increases during the run-up towards layoffs or driven by fear of layoffs. And finally, aggressive provider billing practices such as with the emergency room coding situation. During the last 90 days we did not experience any improvement in any of these factors. Additionally, we would note the following four observations: First, the impact of the H1N1 virus on our 2009 commercial results is expected to be greater than previously estimated due to an acceleration of its estimated peak season from early 2010 into the fourth quarter of this year. Second, due to the economy, we continue to see pressure on membership growth in all of our small business product lines. Third, also in todays economic climate were seeing members actively fugally prior to meeting their plan deductibles, but then more aggressively as they seek to maximize their benefits once their deductibles are met. And finally, we also are noting a modest increase in COBRA membership. Together, all of these items necessitated the revision of our 2010 pre-tax income guidance. I wouldnt single out any one of these as being the primary driver, but rather the cumulative effect of all of these factors have caused lower commercial results which were sharing with you today. The good news is that we have already begun to address or take into account each of these factors, and as a result, were anticipating stabilization in our commercial segment pre-tax income for 2010. In a few minutes when I discuss 2010, I will elaborate on why we have confidence in this expected result. Turning next to the government segment, were pleased to report that all of our government lines of business continue to perform well. We have experienced success in both medical and administrative class to various clinical, operational, and administrative expense reduction initiatives. As you might expect, most of the improvement in our government segment is in our Medicare business. Both our Medicare Advantage and stand-alone prescription drug plans are tracking better than both our plan and our previous guidance. Importantly, our Medicare Advantage membership also is higher than we previously expected. Finally, we also had a modest improvement in our Tricare results for the third quarter. All in then, these government segment improvements were enough to offset our lower commercial performance resulting in our 2009 consolidated earnings per share guidance of approximately $6.15. Turning now to administrative costs, as Mike said in his remarks, we continue to actively pursue our previously announced target of $200 million in selling, general, and administrative cost reductions. As we said last quarter, these reductions will occur through numerous initiatives which are now underway and generally consist of the following types of actions; continued process redesign and outsourcing, increased efficiencies associated with technology investments, procurement savings and outside services reduction, and a series of other initiatives designed to ensure we keep our cost structure lean while carefully guarding our commitment to win record of quality member and provider service. Some of these actions are fairly straightforward to implement while others are more complex in terms of their implementations requirements and timing. For this reason the 2010 guidance that we share with you today conservatively includes the anticipated realization of only $100 million administrative cost reduction. Were confident that our actions will yield at least $100 million of savings during 2010 with our full year run rate administrative cost reflecting the entire $200 million as we move into 2011. We look forward to sharing our progress on both actual savings and the run rate improvement as we move to 2010. Moving finally now to 2010; this slide analyzes the difference between our expected 2009 earnings per share of approximately $6.15 and the mid point of our 2010 earnings per share guidance range of $5.05 to $5.25, that mid point being $5.15. Let us look more closely at each of the principle reconciling items shown. First, with respect to Tricare; we now anticipate keeping the contract for the first nine months of 2010. We also have completed our analyses with respect to possible write-downs and charges associated with the potential loss of that business. Consequently, we expect 2010 net earnings per share contribution from Tricare to be between approximately breakeven and $0.10 per share on an all-in basis. Were pleased that the GAO upheld our protest and we will further evaluate our 2010 earnings per share guidance as the implications of the GAO decision become clear. Second, with respect to Green Ribbon, you may recall from our fourth quarter 2008 call that we had forecast a second half 2009 recognition of revenues associated with the now concluded CMS demonstration project for which we previously had recognized all related expense. Third, with respect to the Medicare margin reset that Mike described, there are three points to consider in evaluating the $115 million pre-tax shown on the slide for 2010. Number one, as most of you are aware, we made significant pricing and plan design changes for our 2009 standalone prescription drug plans in order to correct our unfortunate 2008 results. As a result we shed a substantial number of PDP members on January 1, 2009; these actions are playing out more favorably than we expected. Accordingly, for 2010 we expect to return to a more traditional PDP growth and profitability mode with more competitive levels of pricing. Number two, even as our Medicare Advantage operations are exceeding expectations for 2009, our 2010 guidance reset these margins to the approximate bid margins levels. This is both prudent and consistent and its how we always prepare our annual plans and give initial guidance at this time of the year. And three, our 2009 Medicare Advantage results are attributable to many things which we have mentioned regularly through the past year, and employ every year to improve our results. These efforts generate better health outcomes while lowering overall healthcare costs, and they include our clinical care co-ordination model, our wellness incentives, our disciplined and effective work in network contracting and fraud detection, and our continued implementation of selling, general, and administration efficiencies. We expect that these efforts will continue to improve health outcomes and lower cost in 2010 as well. Finally, with respect to our 2010 commercial pre-tax income guidance range, we are being cautious given all the uncertainties that weve outlined today including the current economic climate, and particularly the unemployment outlook. The magnitude and timing of the H1N1 virus and the current competitive environment. However, were confident that we will stabilize our commercial pre-tax earnings next year as indicated by our guidance range of $125 million to $175 million. This $30 million improvement at the midpoint is a result of pricing actions, both implemented earlier this year and currently still being implemented as well as SG&A reductions and improved investment income. So, to conclude, were pleased with our third quarter performance and the resulting 2009 earnings per share guidance of approximately $6.15 which remains consistent with our previous guidance. Also as outlined above, we believe our 2010 earnings per share guidance range of $5.05 to $5.25 actually reflects our organizational experience, confidence, and discipline applied to the current operating environment. Were well positioned to help our members and the nation face the healthcare challenges of 2010 and beyond as well as to continue to provide our owners with solid operating returns. With that we will open the phone lines. We request that each caller ask only two questions in fairness to those waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could comment a little bit more about the 2010 outlook on Medicare Advantage and what you expect to see, directionally at least, in terms of the member distribution by product; do you think private fee for service is going to continue to shrink with members transitioning to network PPO; if you can size any of that, that would be great.
James E. Murray: In 2009, our network membership is about 62% of the total. We think that will go up to somewhere above 70%, maybe between 70% and 75%. We do anticipate that our private fee for service membership will shrink from where it is this year, probably around 75,000 to 100,000 less private fee for service members next year, and that those members would likely go into some of our network based options. We talked a lot in the past about the product continuum and working around Medicare supplement, private fee for service, PPO, and HMO, and weve done a really good job, we believe, of properly setting up those product continuums to incentivize folks to shift to the network options that would be best for them in the long run.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: A followup on a different front; on the commercial pricing, what are you seeing from competitors right now, and do you think trends have improved in a way that helps you for 2010 or maybe not?
James E. Murray: We talked in the past about the situation in Texas with the not-for-profit Blue Plan there. That seems to be continuing. In other parts of the United States, there is a for-profit competitor thats a little bit aggressive right now. I think the reports this last week would, in my mind, begin to get people to think that the aggressiveness that were seeing and the reactions ought to start to dissipate, and I would anticipate that from here going forward that we should begin to see some more pricing reasonableness, but we hate to do anything on hope around here. So, were going to plan for the most conservative and hopefully it will play itself out in the next couple of months or quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Boorady - Citi.
Charles Boorady - Citi: My first question on MA for 2010; what do you estimate the average increase in member-paid premiums will be next year or an average member paid premium if you have that, and what is your plan for retaining some of the low-risk lives, maybe attracted to switch to a zero premium offering of a competitor?
James H. Bloem:  Across the entire book of business, I think the premium is going up a little under $20 in general for Medicare Advantage members. I would remind you, Charles, on the risk piece of it, that risk mix issue is not as important in Medicare because of the risk adjustment payment methodology; so, its something you pay attention to; at the end of the day, I would argue reasonably accurately paid based on the risk of these folks, so that business of losing healthy based on pricing is not as big a concern as it might be in another line of business.
Charles Boorady - Citi: My second question on G&A saves, if you can walk us throughout a couple of very big round numbers of $100 million and the $200 million and what made you to reduce the $200 million goal to $100 and what specifically could actually make the difference between getting to $200 million and is there a couple of big programs that youre thinking of doing or not doing, or is it really just executing a little bit better on everything in your plan?
James H. Bloem: Its made up of a lot of things, but let me start with the number; theres nothing magical about the $100 or the $200 million; were starting with the $200 million target, I can tell you that I have numbers around here that are bigger, were just entering into this really aggressive review of our company as a result of multiple years of growth; no one in our sector has growth like we have and it happened very fast, and at one point in 2006 and early 2007, we really had to jump through hooks to respond to the growth, and you can sit back and you can say with that kind of growth theres no way that all those decisions were made to drive great efficiency and effectiveness and also we get smarter and smarter over time by understanding whats going on with these customers; Ill give you a perfect example, every quarter we understand more and more about how seniors interact with us and how various communication devices and things produce phone calls or the lack therefore; so, its a constant fine-tuning but we also know we have opportunities to restructure some of our operational organization; its a combination of a lot of things, a lot better execution driven off better understanding of what these consumers need and what we can do for them and Ive shown you all many times for example, the smart summary statement. We get better and better at knowing what to put in that and what not to put in that to produce a different result with our customers; we know what produces phone calls, we know what does not, so, its a combination of productivity gains around better understanding, process improvement throughout the whole system, and some restructuring and reorganizational opportunities that are in front of us; so, its a mixed bag, but the number we put out there in front of us is quite achievable and the other reason we didnt put the whole thing into 2010 is just some question about when the actual time might occur.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital : Just one quick followup on the SG&A; I understand that some of its timing, now that youre being conservative and that you will be after $200 million in terms of the run rate savings, but still looking at an SG&A ratio I would have expected especially in light of all the growth to start moderating a little bit more quickly; so, is there just more variable costs than we think in the business or the top-line leverage, when do you expect to get some more leverage on the ratio?
James H. Bloem:  Well youre seeing the beginning of it now; thats the number we have in front of you. I think we will just continue to put forward; like I said, we have numbers around here that are bigger than that in terms of potential; so, I dont fundamentally disagree with your directional question; we have a bigger opportunity and we will pursue it, but we have a lot to do around here, this is one thing we will get after; youre going to see the early results of that this year and there will be news to come.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  Just risk adjuster questions, any risk adjustment settlements paid from CMS in the last quarter that related to prior year and prior quarters?
Michael B. McCallister:  No.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. :  As I think about your comments about your longer term Medicare Advantage margins, should we interpret your comments as maybe a softening of that 5% pre-tax goal or is it just not the case at all?
James E. Murray: When we talk about the 5%, its how we look at the business as were bidding it into the future, but its important to remember that were constantly trying to drive efficiency and effectiveness and how many times have you heard us talk about the insufficiency and the waste and the fraud and all the nonsense that goes on in Medicare, thats not something that you can take out instantly or quickly or easily but is what we work on all the time; so, when we bid our business for the following year, we sit down and say, what do we have, what do we think it looks like, and where is the business going, we build our bids around an overall 5% target, but then we continue to work and as we get progress and as we have efficiency and effectiveness and as we gain ground on rationalizing the business, thats upside to that 5% and you saw it happen this year, when we bid 2009, we started at 5 and its actually a little bit better than that through the good work it was around here.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  As a followup, remind us as to what percent of your declining private fee for service book is choosing another Humana product?
James E. Murray:  In 2009, about 90,000 folks switched from our private fee for service to one of our network based plan; we anticipate that same kind of movement in 2010 or more.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research : First, a quick question on how youre viewing the potential Medicare Advantage reimbursement changes and reforms, would like to get your view on this and it seems like there is either going to be a change to fee for service rates, more competitive bidding, and just want your view on those two potential changes and how you would view them from your business standpoint especially if you could talk about HMO versus PPO?
Michael B. McCallister: What we have in front of us is uncertain, but I will bucket it into two buckets; one is moving things in-house to the traditional Medicare cost, we have competitive bidding in the senate, this is one of those cases where the devil will ultimately be in the details and so its hard to respond to where the same might end up but I will say and Ive been saying that for a long time, that over time these payments rates would be adjusting and so weve been raising and working as hard as we can to get networks built for clinical capabilities because its all about managing this business, not insuring this business for us; so that has not changed and were moving as quickly as we can; we talked to you about the 15% solution and we think over the long-term that companies like Humana need to deliver savings to the federal government, those savings are going to ultimately result in those payments to us being no more at some point than they would be paying to the traditional provider community; so, those things have not changed and I think we continue to provide feedback and modeling capabilities to those that are trying to figure out the best way to do this. The issues are the same, rural versus urban; the adjustment to 100% rates goes one direction, competitive bidding goes another direction and it has varying impacts on communities around the country; so, I think were very much in the middle of a conversation around the impact across the country and theres 11 million people in this program, and depending on how this is done, theres the potential for a great deal of damage to the benefits and premiums; so, I think theres news to come on that, but as a company, we have been preparing for these rates to come down. Its really a function of timing as much as anything else because were doing quite well building out capabilities, and prior question was around margin; that good work we did this year is one of the reasons the margin was a little higher than we had originally anticipated for 09, that will continue on, and the more that we do and the more success we have, the better we are able to deal with whatever changes comes; I think its a little too early to react to any specifics.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research :  Is there one thats better or worse for your book of business in your view, private fee for service or competitive bidding?
Michael B. McCallister: I dont know that I would go there, Justin; there are things about both the differing impacts on our company; were pretty broad-based, so when I talk about rural versus urban whichever way you go, youll hit a piece of it a different way, so, I dont know that I can pick my poison there?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Securities: First question, if you have any updated intelligence on how the negotiations are proceeding around the industry tax that would start in 2010 and then also if youve just received any feedback on any different formula that they might use for the Medicare business relative to the commercial business?
Michael B. McCallister: Not sure I understood the second question, Scott?
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Are they going to use market share based approach or premium based approach, and any understanding on whether they would look at Medicare premiums any differently or whether it would just be a cross-off net premiums written for the industry tax?
Michael B. McCallister:  Basically, weve not received anymore information; I think theres still the same difference of opinion among whoever you ask whether or not Medicare or Medicaid and the excise tax, so there hasnt really been a lot of development there; its kind of hard to find a rationale for including Medicare but well have to see how that plays out; I dont think that was the initial intent, and because were looking at Medicare as being adjusted under a whole different channel and all of a sudden were going to have premiums, taxes on Medicare; I dont believe that was the intent but I know that the conversation up there is now around whether it is going to be included or not; so, theres one impact you can passively be certain of and that is that as we start taxing these benefits and start taxing these companies, its going to be pass-on to our customers, and whether we get it done in 2010 or 2011, its going to happen, and of course 2010 a lot of those business is already big in terms of pricing and so it could have an impact, but at the end of the day, the question from a political perspective is do you in fact want to cause health insurance premiums to rise by taxing the system.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Just a followup on the medical cost trend view for 2010, looks like youre assuming stable at 7%, 8%, that is a bit lower than what were seeing some of the peers issue guidance at around 9%; just interested, you guys have had a different cost trend over the last year to your peers, but can you highlight some of the variance that you think between your trend and peers and also what youre building in for benefit buy-downs relative to 2010?
Michael B. McCallister : Generally speaking weve always had a slightly less trend than the rest of the industry; so, were going to 7% to 8%, but weve been in this 7% range before; basically as you look at how the things are driving that secular trend, the hospital rates, there are still things in the provider billing practices that are there, and then as weve talked about still cost shifting going on too from regulatory authorities, a potential going forward, and then theres been a leveling off we think for 2010, therell be more of a leveling off in the generic dispensing rates which for us has helped us have that lower trend that I mentioned initially.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Securities:  And on the buy-downs?
Michael B. McCallister : Buy-downs generally speaking we dont see a lot different than weve seen in prior years, 2.5%, 3%.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch :  You talked a lot about how you feel like the guidance is somewhat conservative but you havent talked a lot about the cash component of this, can you remind us how much cash at the parent level and what would kind of get you to put that cash to use; the press release talked about how the financial environmental slowed down the share repurchase this year, is that still the issue, a little clarity about what will cause you to put that cash to use, is it share repurchase or is it acquisitions?
James E. Murray :  First of all, the cash at the parent at the end of the third quarter was $693 million, thats up from about $665 million, but generally speaking, the change this year beginning the year at 250, we paid debt of 250, we took dividends of 775 and we put 100 back into the subsidiaries; so, again, thats going to be the patter for the rest of the year; as we look at as to the uses of cash basically, we are looking at what healthcare reform, were uncertain as to what that will mean for us from a cash position; the cash at parent is one of the highest numbers weve had in the last 10 years; but as we look at things, we continue to look at acquisitions, we look at a lot of different things, obviously we never comment on overlooking at it, but they are out there; but I think right now, cash conservation is the fairly good conservative strategy given the fact that we are in an uncertain environment as weve mentioned on the commercial side and in the economy in general, but also, really with respect to healthcare reform.
Michael B. McCallister:  I would follow that up by saying I think all the companies in this industry are going to confront a complete review of the world as we know here in a few months as this thing gets clear and so theres going to be a significant strategic implications to companies and will all be effective somewhat different depending on where we are and the kind of businesses were in, but I think at this point in time, the smart thing is to hold to keep your powder dry and assess where we are, and we may need to actually go a direction to respond to all that when it is all set and done, so, I think right now its a time to be cautious and conservative.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  One quick question on TriCare, based upon the guidance before around margins, TriCare contributed about $0.35 to $0.40 to earnings annually and youre talking about the cost here about $0.43 in 2010 and reconciliation in my chart is about $0.24 implying about $0.19 hit in Q4 from losing the contract, is that $0.10 from actual operations and $0.09 in wind-down cost, what is in that Q4 implied hit?
James H. Bloem:  Its actually what weve been saying all along; if you look at the TriCare revenues, there are $3.5 billion would put about a little over 3% margin on there and youll come up with 115 thats on the fly; what weve said is looking at the contribution though if we are not successful in retaining the contract, then we have certain wind-down costs, the impairment of goodwill and other things which weve estimated to be between $50 and $75 million; so for the coming year 2010, were saying that we keep the contract through 930 and then we also take into account those costs thats why we get a net EPS contribution of between $0.00 and $0.10 a share, and looking at from the way you are looking at it and you would say that we have 50 to 100 because we had for three quarters of a year 50 to75 of those charges given those zero to $25 million of pre-tax.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research:  My followup was on the margin side for the 5% Medicare Advantage or Medicare margins, just thinking about clearly youre doing a lot better this year than you thought when you reported last quarter both from a margin perspective and it would appear better than what youve planned, so when will that run rate carry over to next year and therefore if you bid the 5% maybe you would actually be trending towards the 5.5%, 6% run rate for next year?
James E. Murray:  Lots of factors go into the Medicare margin that we talked about; the group business has a lower margin than the overall individual that we bid separately; the PDP as Jim indicated is moderating down from where it had been, and we just think its prudent as a company that if we bid the 5%, and remember that we do that in April which is before some of what we see happening; we just think its prudent to go back to that original bid amount and then let the result of our good work play out as it is seen in our financial statements.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse.
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse: First question on overall reaction by our Medicare Advantage customers, maybe not just yours but industry wide to the benefit cuts and the premium hikes, is the level of discontent amongst seniors, in line with your expectations, is it worse, is it less severe than you thought it might be; any color there in terms of how theyre responding to those changes?
James H. Bloem :  Its developing and its early; one of the things we learned about seniors is that as this whole process rolls out, theres a growing thing that occurs here, and so people dont jump in and start studying this the first minute the data is available, but they will as they start really thinking about their choices that they have to make and it happens reasonably quickly because this only lasts for a few weeks, but I think were going to see a pretty significant reaction; theres no question, if we have any doubts in Washington, what happens when we cut payments, were going to see it right here; we have our payments going down this year because of some assumptions that CMS made around next years cost trends; we dont agree with those things, but they definitely affected our rates and so we appropriately responded by changing benefits and premiums; we raised our premiums on average a little less than $20 and theres been some benefit changes as a result; so, heres the direct cause and effect evidence of what happens when we take actions relative to this program and so, I think that as the noise starts building, they will make their voice heard in Washington and I think its going to be a stage-setter relative to an ongoing conversation about what happens with this program; the timing is going to be interesting because were going to be in the middle of debating the future of Medicare Advantage right when this occurs; so, in many ways from educational perspective, it couldnt be at a better time.
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  This was very helpful; and then just a couple of clarifying points; what was the green ribbon contribution this year, and then secondly, youve got DNA moving higher next year, Jim, but the CapEx has been coming down; wondering whats in there to get your DNA higher?
James H. Bloem: The green ribbon contribution is $20 million, again this was a demonstration project that we worked on for several years and have expensed everything; we had it in our guidance and we mentioned it a year ago; we respect the DNA depreciation and amortization; generally speaking, the amortization is on a quick table and the CapEx has come down but we basically have a few years lag; the average use for life of most of our equipment and most of the software and technology things we do is between 5 and 7 years; theres been a fairly steady capital expenditures at that level; so, thats why it still continues to go up and then well receive back down as we come down to the 175 to 200 for next year that weve signified in the guidance.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.: Do you think that the benefit design changes that you made in 2010, at least from a high level, it looks like you did offset most of the negative spread from the pricing and the affected cost trend next year, and looking at the Medicare margin guidance for next year would suggest that wasnt the case, so am I misreading the benefit design changes or again going back to that 5% expectation for next year really just a place holder because thats what the initial bid expectation was?
James H. Bloem:  When we did the work around our bids in April and again filed them in June, the data that was available to us suggested that the 5% was a reasonable target; we do a pretty thoughtful job of summarizing through a bid model all of the margins that are created by the premium and benefit design changes that we make and that model told us at that time that the margins for that business would be around 5%, and so again, we wanted it to run itself out as we do some of the work that Mike talked about earlier in terms of clinical programs and contracting and some of the work that we do on the Medicare risk adjustment so that we get paid for the risk that we assume, well let that flow into our earnings and well report that at that time.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Second question on the TriCare write-down, is that going to be a fourth quarter event after you find out whether youve retained the contract or not or is the timing of the recognition there not related to that?
Michael B. McCallister : Carl, no, its not a fourth quarter event; we dont really anticipate it this year and thats why we put it in the next year.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Sorry, fourth quarter of 2010?
Michael B. McCallister :  It could be there but we dont know yet because we dont know all the details and the implications of the GAO decision. The way that the calculation works with respect to the impairment of goodwill for example, you take a look at the net present value of the remaining cash flows in the light of the contract and compare that with the carrying value of goodwill on your books, and when that falls out of balance, that is the carrying value is more than what the supporting cash flow are, thats the period in which well recognize it. So, as we get more clarity as to how long well keep the contract and what the terms of the contract will be, well be able to better gauge and will be able to better evaluate what quarter of 2010 that occurs in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Another followup question on the preservation of 5% margin long term, and I was wondering what lessons have you learned from your 2010 experience with regard to premium shifting and buy-downs and in terms of the demand elasticity, do you see that there is more capacity to shift premiums to seniors as you continue to see cuts in 2012 all the way through 2014, and then in terms of buy-downs, have you reached your asymptotic limit on the buy-downs or can you do more and continue to gain share if you will?
Michael B. McCallister :  Firstly, its going to vary by location around the country because in some places there is more headroom than others depending on how long weve been there, the scale of our business, how much penetration we have relative to our clinical work, and those sort of things. So the answer is yes, in many places there is continued to room to adjust benefits down. In terms of the balance between benefits and premiums though, thats done with a fair amount of research thats been focused on trying to find out what the right balance is, is there an inflection point where premium becomes more important than benefit changes or vice versa, and weve put a lot of energy into understanding how seniors respond to those two changing dynamics and we try to hit a sweet spot. The challenge is always we never now exactly what our competition is going to do or whether theyre working off the same set of understandings as we are. So were always subject to the competitive market place, but we try to hit a smart sweet spot between premiums and benefit cuts. And I think at the end of the day, Humana is not going to win or lose based on that. Thats important to get that right. It comes back to if were not managing costs down, none of it is going to matter because you do run out of room at some point. We keep coming back to this 15% solution subject. Youre going to hear that from us until youre sick of it because that is the absolute key to having us and the individual Medicare folks having a future with this private sector alternative. We have to get better, we have to get more efficient. The good news is that there are incredible opportunities in a lot of ways in this system, and were seeing good traction, and so well just keep it up.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: The second question is more near term on commercial membership. Can you break down how that works between individual and small group, and on individual, do you see that when the stimulus subsidy of COBRA rolls off, potentially the individual membership you could have some upside, in other words, to your forecast?
James E. Murray: The individual membership is around 350,000. Small group membership under 50 which is whats being discussed through healthcare reform is around 590, and about 900,000 other fully insured total of about 1.8 to 1.9 million. Can you repeat your message around the individual?
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Typically, you do pretty well in individual. Assuming the COBRA subsidy rolls off which Im assuming is pressuring individual market growth, would you see any upside to your 2010 forecast, or is that already taken into account with a fairly optimistic viewpoint and then the small group is really pressuring your membership downward?
James E. Murray: To your point the individual membership is growing nicely. We like our model, and we believe that the broker community that works closely with us likes our model relative to the competition. I would anticipate depending upon what happens with COBRA that what were going to trying to focus on more than that particular issue is making sure that we catch some of our small group members that are choosing to drop coverage, and were working really closely to coordinate the efforts of our small group salesforce and our individual salesforce to make sure that more and more folks are made aware of our individual offerings so that we can catch more of that as opposed to them just falling into the marketplace. So thats really where our good focus is right now. To be brutally honest, we havent been as good at that as we shouldve been this year, but were going to get a lot better at it going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets.
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets:   In terms of the gains and losses of members in Medicare Advantage, you talked about net individuals of 20,000 to 60,000 growth. Whats the absolute number of adds versus the absolute drops?
Michael B. McCallister: Were anticipating on the individual piece that the sales will be somewhere between 460 and 480, and the terms would be 420 to 440. We really have to focus on the terms. Weve used a historical number to develop that, and were doing a lot of work here to message our membership to let them know what to expect to give them some alternatives for other products that make good sense for them, and were really taking an aggressive approach to being very transparent with the membership with the goal of making that number go down, but for purposes of this projection, weve used some historical numbers to develop it.
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Is there a geographically specifically place where that exists where those terms are? Have you looked at regions where youve gotten out of products and things like that? Is that where its stronger or how do you develop that number exactly?
James E. Murray: All of our folks who are in the field rigorously review all of the competitive environment in our product design to decide where were going to put our direct marketing dollars. They look at what competitors are likely to do, for example, the Coventry and Wellpoint and WellCare getting out of the private-fee-for-service business. Were looking at where our benefit designs dont look so hot relative to the competition, and we aggregate all of that good knowledge up to these totals that I just shared with you.
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Can you give me some clarity on the Tricare contract as to when youll have some view as to whether thats going to be rebid, or exactly whats going to happen there? Whats the timeframe on whats going to happen there?
Christopher Todoroff:  We really dont have enough detail yet to even assess that. A lot depends on how the TMA will choose to proceed once the full GAO decision is released.
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets: When do you expect the full decision to be released?
Christopher Todoroff: Well probably know a fair bit more this week, but that doesnt mean that well be in a position to really materially assess things. Again, a lot depends on how the TMA chooses to proceed once the GAO puts out all of its findings.
Regina C. Nethery: The TMA, for those who are unaware, is Tricare Management Authority thats part of the Department of Defense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo Securities:   I have a question on the PDP margin. You talked about moderating PDP margin in 2010. Can you delve into that a little deeper? I see mostly your member premiums have gone up. Do you just expect cost trends to go at a faster rate, or is there something else there?
James E. Murray: Youll all recall the 2008 situation that we attempted to correct in 2009, and frankly the results came out better than we had anticipated, and so we purposely try to take our member premiums up only slightly in 2010 with the hope that the membership would become more stable and wed actually begin regrow the PDP membership, which is something that were very interested in doing, and so yes, we anticipate that the trends would go up slightly more than the premiums that weve put in place.
Matthew Perry - Wells Fargo Securities: On investment income, does your 2010 guidance anticipate a change in interest rates, and if so, by how much, and then secondly would you expect to reauthorize the share repurchase after it expires at the end of this year?
Michael B. McCallister: For the first one, we expect that the investment income increase of about $30 to $35 million that we have there is all on the balances. The interest rates are going to make any real meaningful difference. With respect to the share repurchase authorization, thats a matter for the board of directors, and Im sure theyll be talking about that when they get together in December.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley:   Am I doing the math wrong here? If I take the commercial segment and improve the MLR by 150 basis points, that gives me about $0.30 versus the $0.11 delta that you show on that one mapping chart. And then if we look at Medicare and we assume 150 basis point margin pressure, that gives you a downside of $1.25 on a year over year basis versus the $0.43. It looks like to get to that $1.50 decline, you would need to put basically all $100 million of those cuts against Medicare? Am I doing that math right, and what explains that delta?
James H. Bloem: I think the first thing I would say is in general were not in the business of commenting on peoples models, but what I heard you say was 100 basis point improvement in the commercial, and I said, again, there is that aspect of the guidance, but still with the range, a total of 100 change would be probably too big a change given all the uncertainties that weve set out at this time of the year. Thats why we have a wide range on our commercial pre-tax guidance. We have a $50 million range on that.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: The Medicare variance was the bigger of the two.
James H. Bloem: The Medicare variance basically works its way through the mix of membership. As weve talked about, weve got PDP memberships. Weve got demonstration in PDP, and weve got lots of different mixes there too, so you wouldnt be able to do that, but generally administrative cut, which is really what your question is focused on, is around a 55-45 to 60-40 split, and it would be in favor of government.
Doug Simpson - Morgan Stanley: So it sounds like the delta between this math and the numbers you mapped, its things like member month timing and mix shift. Is that fair?
James H. Bloem: Thats correct.
Operator: That concludes todays Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mike McCallister
Michael B. McCallister: Thanks again for joining us this morning. I would conclude by saying that I think this was a good quarter in an environment of uncertainty. I think its good news that were going to finish the year where we thought we were going to although the moving parts have changed a little bit. Were actually pretty optimistic about going into 2010. We do have our challenges with Tricare and the other issues we talked about this morning, but I think the company is a position to respond well to the environment. Weve worked hard to get to a point with our Medicare business where we really understand what its doing, where its going, and how to grow it and how to interact with seniors. Well continue to be involved in the political conversation. Our members will continue to be involved because well inform them about how things are changing, and then lastly, Id like to thank all the associates who are on the call for making all this possible, and also for participating in the political process as our Humana associates have stepped up in a big way to be a part of the conversation and debate. With that, Ill close the call this morning. Thanks for being with us.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery  Vice President, Investor Relations Michael B. McCallister - President, Chief Executive Officer James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer Christopher M. Todoroff - General Counsel
Analysts: Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp. Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research Matt Perry  Wells Fargo Security Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 2009 Humana earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to hand the call over to Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Regina Nethery: Good morning and thank you for joining us. In a moment Mike McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our second quarter 2009 results, as well as comments on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel.  We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas Web site, humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas Web site. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover some other items. First our cautionary statement: Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas Web site, as well as on the SECs Web site.  Additionally, investors are advised to read Humanas second quarter 2009 earnings press release issued this morning, August 3, 2009. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our Investor Relations Web site.  This morning's call and slide presentation include references to non-GAAP financial projections. Slide 3 includes a discussion of reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP projections. Finally, any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Michael B. McCallister: Good morning. Today Humana reported second quarter earnings of $1.67 per share. This is within the guidance we shared with you in our first quarter call and 35% higher than the $1.24 per share we earned in the second quarter of last year. As in the first quarter, we also saw significant year-over-year EPS improvement. These favorable results were due primarily to improve performance in our Medicare prescription drug plans. Our Government segment, as a whole, performed well in the quarter. On the Commercial side, pressures from the general economy were evident in our results, primarily in our small group business. I will keep my remarks brief today, concentrating on the topics that we have had raised most frequently in the course of our meetings over the past three months. First, Medicare payment reform, 2010 Medicare bids, and healthcare reform in general. Both Medicare payment reform and healthcare reform, more broadly, are still very [inaudible] processes.  While Washington debates a number of proposals and struggles to put forth any sort of bill, we continue to focus relentlessly on reducing costs and investing in improved health outcomes for our members. We think that's the most prudent and effective preparation for whatever the future holds. However, before going through those topics in more detail, let me briefly comment on TRICARE. As you know, we were very disappointed to learn that the third-generation contract for the South Region had been awarded to another contractor. In light of our 13 years with TRICARE experience and numerous awards for superior customer service, this was not what we had expected. Following a debrief with DOD officials on July 16, we decided to file a formal protest, which we did on July 22. As we shared with you in the past, Humana military healthcare services operates as a fully stand-along business unit, therefore if our protest is unsuccessful, any wind-down costs will not affect our core businesses. Turning now to Medicare payment reform. As we've said many times, the Medicare Advantage program is vital to any solution to Medicare's impending insolvency because it is the only place where seniors have access to proven cost containment measures. But also, improved health outcomes, care coordination, disease management, wellness initiatives, and integrated medical and behavioral health are core elements of our own Medicare Advantage offerings.  Any payment reform proposals that have the effect of pushing seniors back into original Medicare can only exacerbate the program's fiscal crisis. In addition, Medicare Advantage is extremely popular among seniors. Less than 2% of our senior members return to original Medicare. And their voices are just beginning to be heard.  Over the next few weeks Congress and the administration will learn how deeply these senior are attached to Medicate Advantage and how much they will resent any misguided reform efforts that by reducing payments to Medicare Advantage contractors will have the inevitable effect of raising their premiums and cutting their benefits. Our profit margins are intentionally modest. As a result, benefits and premiums to seniors are quite sensitive to payment changes. Humana has nonetheless planned effectively for a changed Medicare payment environment.  Among other initiatives, we prepared for it by one, building out our HMO and PPO provider networks, with 62% of our Medicare Advantage members already in network-based plans. Two, we have developed a wide variety of clinical management programs that are effective in reducing costs and improving health outcomes for seniors. Three, we continue to improve our data mining predictive modeling and consumer insight capabilities. And four, through our ever-improving consumer research, we continue to advance our product offerings, distribution approach, and consumer-facing activities. For example, we recently concluded sales partnerships with CUNA Mutual and Bankers Life and Casualty. What we know is that seniors buy Medicare Advantage on a total value basis and are not price shoppers. These distribution channels build on that simple but powerful understanding. In sum, we have experienced various changes in the course of our twenty years as a successful Medicare contractor. Now, as then, we have made and will continue to make the necessary adjustments to further our record of performance. Turning specifically to 2010, although it is impossible to know until October how we will stack up against our competitors, we are confident that the approach we took and the assumptions we made in our 2010 bids will enable us to remain an industry-leading competitor. Although it's too early to offer any specific guidance, we certainly don't anticipate major Medicare Advantage membership losses next year and I wouldn't be surprised if we finished 2010 with more members than we'll have at the end of 2009. Why? First, the expansiveness of our Medicare Advantage offerings versus the competition. As most of the country's private fee-for-service products approach their 2011 sunset, we will have a final year to offer this easy entry into Medicare Advantage. Also, our PPO plans are growing, with 465 new counties for 2010. And next year our HMO plans will cover 63 more counties than they do today.  A thorough understanding of the senior consumer and their tipping points where benefits changes that guide their choices. Three, the number of seniors currently covered by competitors who will look for new plans because of private fee-for-service market exit by those competitors. And finally, opportunities associated with the group Medicare market that are gaining traction for us as others in the sector scale back their offerings, and as employers become increasingly aware of the value of Medicare Advantage. As an early validator of this last point, a large Midwestern public employee retirement system has selected Humana as the carrier for its group Medicare contract effective January 1, 2010. This is a fully-insured account with 100,000 lives, representing $1.3 billion in estimated annual revenue. In another positive development, CMS has awarded Humana a multi-year contract to administer a demonstration project designed to ease the transition to Medicare PDP for eligible Medicaid beneficiaries and to provide consistency for retroactive claims from members who are late starts in the Medicare program. This two-year contract, with three additional one-year renewal options, also launches on January 1, 2010, and represents over $500.0 million in revenue for 2010. Additionally, we have taken steps to lower our cost structure. Several months ago we launched an intensive company-wide cost reduction effort. This is already bearing fruit and is expected to gain momentum as we move through the rest of this year and into 2010, with a targeted reduction in consolidated administrative expenses of at least $200.0 million, or 5%, for the coming year. Finally, with respect to healthcare reform generally, we have said for nine years now that our so-called healthcare system is not a system at all and needs a massive overhaul. We have pioneered important elements of that overall in a number of ways. Many of them are consistent with the Obama administration's top priorities for reform. Here are just two examples. Through Availity, the multi-payer, multi-use electronic provider portal that we co-founded in 2001, we have shown the way toward fulfilling the President's call for a workable, healthcare IT super highway with attendant standardization, transparency, and significant cost savings. More specifically, electronic prescribing, like Availity care prescribe, has reduced preventable adverse drug events by 61%. Further study of doctors who use the Availity care profile electron health record show a 3 minute to 6 minute reduction in patient intake and assessment time, adding critical efficiency to the system. In less than 8 years, Availity has grown to include 27.0 million owner members and 100,000 owner employers involving 50,000 physicians' offices and 1,000 hospitals with 600.0 million transactions projected this year. And through our groundbreaking Smart Summary benefits statements we have shown that if healthcare consumers are given actionable information, they will behave rationally, as they do in other aspects of their purchasing lives, with the net effect of reducing costs and finding value for themselves and the system. Launched in 2004, these unique-in-the-industry statements reach 10.0 million Humana members every quarter, helping these members save money and maximize their benefits on a personalized basis. In summary, we continue to work closely with the administration and with Congress, to increase the likelihood that measures designed to solve the real problems in the U.S. healthcare. Rising costs of care associated with the deteriorating health status of Americans, the lack of interconnected electronic systems, and the impending Medicare funding deficit become the focal points for national healthcare reform efforts. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
James H. Bloem: Since our second quarter results and full year guidance points are detailed in today's press release, I will focus my comments on four areas: First, the nature of the military service issues that we expect will affect our financials in the second half of this year and in 2010; second, the effect that the general economy is having on our small group business; third, our progress on administrative cost efficiencies; and finally, an update on our investments, capital, and liquidity. Let's start first with a summary of the issues we are analyzing with respect to the recently announced TRICARE contract change coming in 2010. As Mike said, we have protested the TRICARE award, nevertheless, from a financial reporting standpoint, we simultaneously are required to proceed with a preparation of estimates for the following items: First, the possible impairment of our military services goodwill, which totaled $50.0 million at June 30, 2009; second, any potential exit costs we could incur in the wind down of our TRICARE operations, as well as an potential offset in transition costs we could receive from the Department of Defense; and finally, any possible military services asset sales. As you can imagine, these analyses are complex and interdependent, thus we are not able to estimate with reasonable certainty the impact or timing of these possible adjustments at this point. We anticipate further clarification on some portion of these issues and the required analyses during the third quarter and will provide an update no later than our third quarter earnings report on November 2, 2009. Turning now to our Medicare and Commercial businesses, our Medicare business is performing well and continues to exceed our previous projections, primarily driven by improved performance in our stand-alone prescription drug plans. Looking at our Commercial segment, while we were pleased to see a year-over-year improvement in the overall commercial benefit ratio, we have increased our forecast in commercial benefit expense ratio for our small business by approximately 1% for the full year. This consequently resulted in the $30.0 million reduction in our full year commercial pre-tax guidance at the midpoint. This small root trend pressure comes primarily from the same issues cited by many of our competitors this quarter. They include: first, an aging of our small group membership, driven by workforce reductions and lack of new hires; second, changing consumer behavior resulting in higher utilization of services; third, changing provider behavior, driving an increase in the intensity of procedures performed; and finally, a modest impact of swine flu and COBRA. Our revised commercial pre-tax earnings guidance of $190.0 million to $210.0 million gives appropriate consideration to each of these dynamics for the remainder of the year. I also would point out that we did not experience any unfavorable reserve development from 2008, thus all of these small group trend issues have arisen in 2009. From a pricing perspective, we have been raising our small group premiums throughout the year.  Additionally, as we began to observe the dynamics that I just detailed, we adjusted our premium rates to reflect the assumption that these trends would continue throughout the year. These higher rates will be affected by the end of the third quarter. And finally, most importantly, we are confident that we have taken sufficient pricing action for 2010 to address the majority of these current trend observations. Now I will spend a few moments highlighting our continued focus on administrative costs. As Mike mentioned, and as you would expect, we have a well-established administrative cost team which is dedicated to delivering expense efficiencies on an ongoing basis. Humana is committed to delivering at least $200.0 million of administrative cost reductions for 2010 as a result of our continuing focus on streamlining of processes, eliminating functional redundancies, leveraging technologies, and completing integration opportunities from recent acquisitions. Earlier this year we implemented stringent hiring restriction which have resulted in a net reduction of approximately 500 FTEs during the second quarter, primarily by means of attrition. Turning last to investments, capital, and liquidity, we are please to not the following with respect to each item. First, investments. Despite continued roll cash and cash equivalent yields, as well as the continued relative scarcity of fixed income investments which meet our investment criteria, investment income continues to track with the expectations that we shared with you last quarter. Our investment criteria continue to be high credit quality, broad diversity, and ample liquidity.  Non-realized investment losses at June 30, 2009, fell to approximately $90.0 million from approximately $230.0 million at both March 31, 2009, and December 31, 2008. This reflects the continuing effectiveness of our investment criteria and further stability in interest rates. Second, capital. We have completed our discussions with the various departments, the state department of insurance, and the credit rating agencies. These discussion included reviews of the statutory capitalization, 2008 performance, and 2009 projections for each of our major units. As a result, our subsidiaries paid total 2009 dividends of $774.0 million to the parent company. This is more than 2.5x last year's dividends of $296.0 million and twice the $377.0 million in dividends paid to the parent in 2007. We continue to expect that 2009 capital contributions into our operating subsidiaries will be less than the $243.0 million contributed in 2008. $100.0 million of this year's subsidiary capital contribution were completed in the first half of 2009. Also during the second quarter, we used $250.0 million of the total 2009 dividends to repay all amounts outstanding in our bank credit facility.  The sum of all this year-to-date activity left us with $665.0 million of parent cash and investments at June 30, 2009, versus approximately $250.0 million at December 31, 2008. This constitutes the highest level of parent cash and investments in the last ten years. Finally, with respect to liquidity, our liquidity position is also strong, as indicated by the following two points. First, we are reaffirming our 2009 cash flows from operations guidance range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. As was the case in 2008, we expect that most of our 2009 operating cash flows will occur in the second half of the year. Second, we now have full availability of our $1.0 billion revolving bank credit agreement, which remains effective until July of 2011, after which the earliest issue of our senior notes does not mature until June 2016.  As always, we continue to review all possible uses of our parent cash and available credit, primarily focusing on potential acquisitions and share repurchases. So to conclude, we are pleased both with our second quarter performance and the resulting full year non-GAAP earnings per share guidance range of $6.10 to $6.20 per share, which is consistent with our previous guidance. We continue to build on our organizational experience, administrative cost discipline, and new processes to improve the operating performance of both of our business segments. As we move into the second half of 2009 we are well positioned to help our members and the nation face the health care challenges of both today and tomorrow, as well as to continue to provide our owners with solid operating returns. With that we will open the phone lines for questions. We request that each caller ask only two questions, in fairness to those who are still waiting in the queue.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Did you rebid all of your current private fee-for-service markets for next year?
James E. Murray: Yes, we did, and probably added a couple in the process.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: And secondly, in terms of the commercial deteriorating margins a little bit, what was the offset primarily to backfill that net income? Just better Medicare operations?
Michael B. McCallister: Primarily PDP.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: On the private fee-for-services versus network products, as you think about how you bid 20/10 from a margin perspective and from an MLR perspective, do you expect those products to be roughly equivalent in medical observation total margin in 2010? And as you bid the products, what kind of margin assumptions did you make for the overall book?
James E. Murray: We've said for a long time, we've really not got into a lot of granularity around individual product lines. We target our entire Medicare Advantage book for a margin in the range of 5%. We've done that again for 2010 and we will continue to do that.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: And how do we think about the fixed versus variable costs if you add net incremental Medicare Advantage members or if over time membership kind of gets depleted? How do I think about how that flexes on the SG&A, granted that you're cutting $200.0 million.
James H. Bloem: As Mike and Jim pointed out today, we anticipate growing next year. In large part as a result of the group contract that Mike referenced, as well as the possibility from growth of the individual sales that we'll make, so we don't anticipate that event occurring in 2010. And then I would also reference that we have begun to address our administrative costs. As we look forward with what's going on with the Medicare funding issue, it's clearer and clearer to us that low cost is going to be the way that we need to approach things going forward and so we've already begun that good work. And we anticipate some good things in 2010 as a result of what we've already begun.
Michael B. McCallister: There are a lot of different scenarios with Medicare membership and as we sit here today, we have nothing in front of us that would have it declining dramatically. Like if some of the various proposals out there, in terms of how we do funding going forward, you could come to the conclusion that growth will be harder. But whatever it is, whether it's good or challenging, it's not exactly going to happen to us overnight. We will have time to look forward, understand it, adjust to what that future looks like, and we find it to be manageable and think it will be so. I mean, we've been through this before, if you recall. After the BBA in the 90s. Basically our Medicare business did quite well all through that period because we had an opportunity and we did it, to manage it effectively and to continue to make it more cost effective, to find efficiencies, and we will be doing the same things this time if we have to confront that. But as we sit here today, I don't know that that's going to be the outcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: On TRICARE, I just wanted to go through the margins here. I think you said it's 2.5% to 3%. Does that include investment income? Or is that before investment income?
Michael B. McCallister: No, it does not include investment income.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: What would we say that adds to the margin as far as an all in?
James H. Bloem: Investment income in TRICARE is very small because TRICARE is sort of like an ASO light product. We get reimbursed relatively quickly after we make the payments.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: So maybe another 50 basis points?
James E. Murray: I wouldn't say it's that high, actually.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: And when you mentioned on your discussion in the introduction of it being a stand-alone segment, is that to say that when and if you do have to wind this down, there's not going to be any SG&A overhead allocation lost? So it would only be taking away the 2.5% to 3% margins.
Michael B. McCallister: It's very small. I mean, I've been saying this for years. This is a completely self-contained business unit. It's that way because of the contract. It requires it to be that way. And there's been very little overhang between the parent company and this business unit from an overhead perspective. So it's immaterial.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: And second question, just on your Medicare Advantage bidding for 2010, I know you don't know where you stand competitively, but from a margin perspective, can you talk about how you bid those margins and, specifically, with that $200.0 million of cuts, do you expect that to offset some pressure on the MLR or is that going to be incremental to the margins that you're earning right now in that business?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, we're chasing the $200.0 million because it's the right thing to do. We ramped this company very fast over the last three years and so we think there's opportunity to relook at where we are and the buildup we have because we know that we're not going to see the same growth going forward that we have had in the past. It would be impossible. So the $200.0 million is being pursued for the right reasons, independent of our bidding process, for 2010. We basically looked at what we knew. We knew the inflection points around benefit changes and premiums, from a consumer research perspective and by virtue of understanding that, that went into our whole methodology around how to structure and present these products. And at the end of the day, we targeted, again, a 5% approximately margin for the entire book. And it's not 5% everywhere and it's not 5% by product line, but that's the way we think about Medicare Advantage in total and that's how we did it.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: So the $200.0 million would be in addition to the 5%?
Michael B. McCallister: I'm not sure why you're trying to connect the two. The $200.0 million is going to drive the overall company's margin, not specific to Medicare.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: Just because Medicare's such a large piece of the book, that's why I was maybe just connecting the two, but I'll take it offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: So it looks like you raised your view of cost trends to 7% from 6%. Maybe just walk through which of the components of trend you're increasing, and then how does the increase in that trend for you break out between the higher utilization you cited as compared to some of the claims intensity issues?
James H. Bloem: We did raise it to 7% and again, one of those four things that I mentioned basically all have roughly the same kind of weighting and they all put pressure on the 6% to 7% that it was before. You know, the aging population probably added about a half a year to our population. The consumer behavior, we all sort of know about that. Generally speaking, you know, people are working hard until the time that they anticipate lay-offs. Sometimes there is an increase in the utilization of services there. Providers also, their behavior has changed. The economy has changed. And so the intensity of the services that they have ordered has increased. I would also not in connection with that one that if you look at receipt cycle time it's interesting to see that that's down to 14 days. So with our technology and with the economy, the providers are billing us faster, as well. And that's a good thing, given what we've said about our overall thing. But again, you can see that all these things have about the same. And then I mentioned at the end that COBRA and the swine flu had a modest effect.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: On the COBRA issues, do you have an estimate for what the penetration is of COBRA extensions, members, for the second quarter relative to the first quarter?
James E. Murray: Their fully-insured membership is $1.9 million and we have about 19,000 COBRA members. So about 1%. It's up a couple of thousand folks since the beginning of the year.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Second question, do you have any initial sense on how the commercial pricing environment might be shaping up for 2010 renewals and maybe just an update on how you're seeing price competition for the back half of the year relative to the first half?
James E. Murray: Somewhat similar to what we've talked about in the past. The state of Texas is pretty competitive right now. Blue Cross in Texas is extremely competitive. We have quite a bit of our small group membership in Texas and so that's part of the issue that we've faced in terms of membership reductions. In terms of the ASO competitiveness that we've talked about in the past, we don't see any more significant change there. Some of our competitors are willing to put some of the medical costs guarantees at risk, which is a little bit unusual.  But other than the state of Texas, we don't see anything significantly different that we have in the past. And we are hopeful with some of what we've seen in terms of the trends that we've discussed as respects our book of business, that Blue Cross of Texas sees some of that and does something as respects in terms of their pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp.
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp.: On this weekend's market basket update to hospitals, which went up to 2.1% versus down 0.4%, can you talk about how that is in terms of it being a headwind for you guys in terms of your costs for next year, or an incremental cost headwind for you next year. And then second, on the large Midwest public employee's account that you won, did that account have group Medicare Advantage last year? And if it did, can you say if that was perhaps an Aetna account that you won it from and why you won it from them?
James E. Murray: With respect to providers, we see continued cost pressure, but again, we're constantly negotiating contracts with them and we're constantly using the information that we've had. I mentioned in my remarks about trend, provider behavior with respect to the intensity of services offered, or services rendered, and again, we use this information every time we go out with providers. We do it on a regular basis, on an annual basis, so we feel that we'll be able to absorb that in a satisfactory matter.
Michael B. McCallister: We have a pretty robust capability to keep up with what's going on with providers, with a real focus on hospitals. And so we pay attention to their coding practices and how they bill us and we reach an agreement with them. But that doesn't mean that's the end of the issue. I mean, basically, you can spot cases and we've seen it, where some providers in some communities will, in fact, change the way they do their financial work. We've picked that up pretty quickly and we turn right around and have another conversation with them about that. So that's sort of an ongoing management process, in terms of keeping up with coding intensity and those sorts of behaviors from that side of the community.
Christopher M. Todoroff: As to the Midwestern case that we won, they did have coverage last year. I won't talk about who they had coverage with. Why I think that we won the case was because we take a different approach to working with group customers. We like to work as a partner with them. We put together a lot of analyses to help them understand where their costs are impacting them and sit with these customers and work with them on benefit designs, premium coding issues, so that that particular customers gets funded by the government for the risks that exist in that particular book of business. We work with our customer as respects that. We have a pretty good reputation in terms of our service capabilities and that's fairly well demonstrated as we went through the entire process with this particular group side. I think that they came away thinking that we were going to be a partner and I think that that was probably different than the approach that they were used to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Could you comment on your results as you've grown the Medicare Advantage PPO book? I'm curious if you can characterize, did the results look a little bit more like private fee-for-service or like your network HMO product? And maybe if I could ask, related to that, what kind of out-of-network utilization are you seeing on the PPO product?
James E. Murray: We talked in the past about a 15% advantage on what we have to accomplish as a company so that we can deal with the Medicare funding issues that face us as an organization and an industry in general. And as you expect, our PPO cost structures are better than our private fee-for-service cost structure.  So when we step back and look at our results relative to our PPO block of business, it's confirming to us that we, on the four things that we've talked with you about in the past that create the 15% advantage, that we're being successful in delivering that. And so we're pleased about that. Out-of-network usage has not been significant. When we see out-of-network usage, we put in procedures to try to educate not only the seniors, but also the providers that work us, on how we can create a relationship around that particular event. So we're very pleased with what is developing as respects our PPO results because it's confirming to us that the 15% advantage is something that will provide opportunity for us going forward.
Michael B. McCallister: If you think about the PPO, it would be unlikely to see significant out-of-network utilization because you've got to think about the customer. Remember, this is a retail business and so they look at this network and it's not like we're an employer who's made some decision about what the plan looks like and what network will be delivered. These people make this decision individually.  So they've assessed the network and they decide whether or not it's the right thing for them and they do that. And also these are the type of patient consumers that actually pay attention. And so the out-of-network utilization you're going to get in a PPO Medicare program is largely going to be driven by emergencies and things that are not able to be predicted or managed because these consumers will do a very good job of picking the right product with the right network and using the right providers. This is actually much easier than the commercial business.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: I guess it's just that when I've lookedand correct if I'm wrongwhen I've looked at the PPO product design for at least some markets, it looks like you could do about as well as private fee-for-service going out of network under that product in terms of the out-of-pocket costs. Although obviously you would clearly save money going in-network. When you do have a go-out-of-network, are you then liable for full charges from the provider? How do you handle that?
Michael B. McCallister: Some Medicare allowable.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: So the Medicare rate is your fallback?
Michael B. McCallister: Correct. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: What's the board's vision for what your business mix should like long term and if it's still to increase the commercial and possibly the Medicaid mix to diversify a bit away from Medicare Advantage. How will you use your capital to get there and should we expect large scale M&A?
Michael B. McCallister: Those are awful big questions. I would start by saying clearly we would like to be more diversified than we are. Although we love the Medicare business and we have forever, clearly it's risky to be this upside down relative to mix. And as you've watched the acquisitions we've made over the last few years, this is not some realization we've come to suddenly. I mean, we've acquired dental companies, vision companies, voluntary products, all sorts of specialty lines. A behavioral company, and we've started our own pharmacy business from a mail order distribution perspective. So we continue to find ways to get into other lines of businesses and a lot of those it's really good because they integrate well with the base business no matter whether it's Medicare or commercial or whatever. So it works across the entire book. We've also done a few smaller acquisitions of health plans to help us from a geographic perspective. We are quite viable and competitive in Tennessee and Illinois today where that might not have been the case four or five years ago. So everything is on the table relative to that. I can tell you that right now we're in the process of looking forward, in terms of what the strategy of the company is going to be, if it's going to be any different. I think we will have a better understanding of that as we get clarity around exactly what the future of Medicare looks like to us. And that should happen over the next few months.  And so we're a point now where all that's in front of us still. We're doing very well with the businesses we have. We have tried to diversify and have successfully done some of that and we look to do more of it. So I don't like being this dependent on one customer, although the relationship with the customer historically has been very, very good. And the beauty of that is that the underlying end customer, the individual consumer senior, is very, very happy with what they have.  And I like the retail business. We've talked about it a lot. I like the consumer business. And this is a perfect platform for all of that. So I know it's a long-winded answer, but basically I think we're going to be looking at the best use of our capital, whatever that may be. We've been making some acquisitions with it, when we had the opportunities.  We haven't done a lot of big share buybacks like others. That's actually still in front of us and something that is doable if we choose to go down that path but given the uncertainty of healthcare reform and what this industry and market is going to look like over the next few years, we just need to be real smart about how we deploy this and just news to come, is all I can tell you.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: Just to stay on that point, about a year ago you had talked about the same goal. And if we presume TRICARE is lost, and given where Commercial is headed this quarter, granted there are some unique issues with the economy this year, but your concentration on Medicare will only increase next year, without TRICARE and your growth in Medicare Advantage. And so does that increase the sense of urgency to do something on a larger scale to diversify?  And maybe you can give us some parameters around when you would like to see real diversification away from Medicare Advantage. Is that a two-year plan or a five-year plan?
Michael B. McCallister: I can't say specifically today what that would be. We're like everyone else, we keep all things on the radar screen. We're constantly looking at opportunities, we're constantly assessing the usual suspects out there in terms of opportunities for larger scale activity. And I'm sure everyone else does the same thing.  We all know where everybody sits in terms of market positions and market cap and all those sort of things. And I would say that also you can't actually drive it even if you set a two-year window or five-year, whatever you want to do, the actual execution of that. It's not something always in our control. So again, we stay current, we're on top of it. We know what those opportunities are. I try not to use the word urgent because that could lead potentially to some bad decisions. And so, we will be thoughtful, we will be strategic. We understand what options we have and we will take the most rational approach to what opportunities present themselves to us. There's no way I can be more specific than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Could you update us on some of the conversions on a year-to-date basis in MA in terms of how manyI think you mentioned in your press release some PDP members that had upgraded to MA. What does that number year-to-date look like and then how many private fee-for-service conversions to network-based products have you seen year-to-date.
James E. Murray: The folks that were in PDP products that concluded that a MA PD product added more value for them is 49,000 to date and we anticipate that will go somewhere up into the 50s by the end of the year. And folks that concluded that a network-based option was more valuable for them from a private fee-for-service offering, around 90,000.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Are most of those into PPO?
James E. Murray: Most of those are. Yes. And a lot of that success comes from our market point reps sitting down across the kitchen table from the seniors, talking to them about the value that some of these other products have and we anticipate a significant amount of that coming into 2010 and that's one of the reasons why Mike and all of us believe that we're going to grow our Medicare Advantage membership this year.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: And just a follow-up on the PDP obviously coming from a loss position last year. But I'm curious, it seems like you've seen some improvement sequentially first and second quarter, versus expectations. Are we now at that sort of 5% target range or do we still need some room for improvement next year?
James E. Murray: We like where our PDPs are presently. We are very pleased with the proposals that we've put on the table for 2010. We feel we're back in the PDP business and we would anticipate growing PDP membership as well next year, not only voluntary members but also low-income members in a few locations throughout the United States. We like the PDP business.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: In the press release you said your guidance was predicated on potential changes in TRICARE, which we understand. And I think you mentioned potential accounting changes. Was there anything specifically that you were referring to?
James H. Bloem: We still have to do, as I mentioned in my remarks, we still have to look at what would be the exit costs, what would be the transition costs, that we might recover from the Department of Defense. Whether we would have asset sales, thinks like that, the goodwill that's on the books now with respect to the business. So the fact that we've used non-GAAP guidance is solely around that and around those items.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I just had a couple of clarifications on the SG&A comments. First, is the $200.0 million reduction on top of the roughly $300.0 million plus in TRICARE SG&A that will go away if the protest is unsuccessful.
James H. Bloem: Yes.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And the $200.0 million SG&A number, is that a net number or a gross number for 2010?
James H. Bloem: That would be a net number.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Any range for cash you expect at the parent at year end?
James H. Bloem: No, we don't generally forecast that, but again, as I mentioned in my remarks, we had very good success with dividends from the subs this year.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And you said you saw another $140.0 million or so in capital contributions down to the subs and then do you have a full year expectation on the dividend number from the subs?
James H. Bloem: Yes, that's the $774.0 million. That's 2009 dividend which is based on 2008 results. It's been completed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: My first question is about the physician fee fix and I was wondering what assumptions are you building into your 2010 trend expectations for the fee fix in light of the House proposal. Of course, they don't have the money to do this, but in light of the tenets they espouse on the advance medical home and raising PCP fees but at the expense of specialists and they've separated out Part B drugs and I think CMS had a similar communication, do you see any potential for any upside there?
Michael B. McCallister: I have not found a single person in Washington that believes the doctors are going to suffer a 21% cut in their pay. Period. So everything we do and everything we assume around here is around the idea that it will be fixed under some scenario by the end of the year, whether they have the money or not. I'm not even sure that's relevant, given what's going on in Washington. So everything we've done assumes that the physicians do not suffer a 21% pay cut.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: And someone earlier had a comment about your focus and concentration on Medicare Advantage. Given that you are growing in individual, you do very well on your first sale to the government and second field to the consumer, and at the end of the day MA is at least to a great degree an offset for the coverage expansion to the uninsured, why haven't we heard more about your expectations on growth from these 35.0+ million odd people that will enter the coverage pool, in essence in 2013?
Michael B. McCallister: I think it's too early to know how that's going to work. I don't know that we know how many are going to be in there. The devil's in the details big time on that subject. I mean, you've already seen huge variation in terms of what some of these bills will do in terms of the number of uninsured that they actually capture. The Senate bill that we've actually seen only picked up I think 16.0 million people. There's 12.0 million illegal immigrants in the uninsured pool. I mean, no one I have been able to find in Washington knows what we're going to do with that. So actually, I don't even know what the number is, frankly. And I haven't found too many that do. So we are going to need some clarity before we really start talking about whether there's an opportunity in that our not. I do know that they're looking to pay for a lot of that through Medicare offsets, as you said. And that's where the seniors are going to make their voices heard quite loudly, I think, when we finally get down to the details. And there's something to either oppose or support. We have nothing to support or oppose at this point until we get to more resolution.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: On the senior lobby, how is their reaction to the pharma and donut hole coverage bill and do you think that in any way would hinder the support you get from the senior lobby on any MA changes?
Michael B. McCallister: That proposal for pharma is kind of interesting in that it actually doesn't cut any expenses for the government. In fact, it makes it worse because people speed through the donut hole quicker using branded drugs and therefore the government picks up the back-end expenses in an earlier fashion than they would have otherwise. It's clearly a positive for seniors who are taking those drugs in the gap and but what we also know is that the seniors tend to not take those drugs in the gap because they're really confronted with the real cost of these medications. So our experience has been that when seniors understand their choices, and I can tell you they get incredibly good at finding the value proposition in Part D.  And so they know exactly where they are relative to deductibles and generics and brand choices among brands and the donut hole, and it's one of the reasons that these Smart Summaries and other things we're sharing with them are so powerful because for the very first time they have incredible actionable transparency around medications and you can watch what's happening in the marketplace as generics continue to climb, the use of mail order continues to climb. Every place you can find productivity or more value, the seniors get there. And so I don't know the real benefit at the end of the day of having lower priced drugs in the donut hole, frankly, because I think they're having trouble selling them anyway. And this is an effort to help with the marketing of those medications. It certainly doesn't help much, as far as I'm concerned, in terms of policy makers and what they're trying to accomplish in terms of paying for healthcare reform.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Perry  Wells Fargo Security.
Matt Perry  Wells Fargo Security: Just a clarification, on the group Medicare account you signed, is that a private fee-for-service or is it a network-based account?
James E. Murray: It's a private fee-for-service for accounts today that likely will go to a PPO arrangement in the future. The group has looked at hour PPO networks throughout the United States. They are very pleased with our approach to how we manage the Medicare business and they like our direction. And so that's why I talked about the long-term partnership going forward.
Matt Perry  Wells Fargo Security: Bigger picture question, we've seen a couple of potential healthcare reform bills out there and I'm sure the final bill will change a lot, but as you look at the provisions for Medicare Advantage and those bills, I think we all anticipate that subsidies will be phased out over time. But is there anything else in there that is surprising, or that you would spike out as either a positive or a negative?
Michael B. McCallister: I don't think there's anything surprising because there are a number of agendas built into some of the specifics of these proposals. I think it's a little too early to get too excited about any of them at this point. Again, you've heard me say for a very long time, I would assume at some point that the subsidies would diminish over time in many places. I don't even know if we could say that across the entire book of business but I think there's been conversations around competitive bidding. There are ways competitive bidding could be effective. We've got administered pricing in other places. We bid under administered pricing for a long time. There are ways that that can remain quite effective as well.  So you can pick your poison on those. Ultimately it's going to get down to the details, by county, in terms of whether it's a viable business, by county. Now there's also conversations about shifting away from counties and going to some other way to gather geographies. That kind of changes the game a little bit. All I can tell you is from our perspective, we have an incredible team of people that every day, all day, spend their time modeling, working through changes, and every time we get a little piece of new out of Washington, says okay just twist it this way, we can very quickly analyze what that means and come back with some suggestions or changes or at least understand the implications to us very quickly. So we're at it every day. I've got actuaries and people that are totally committed to the entire government process, along with an army of others that are involved in conversations and in and out of Washington. So at this point I could take all sorts of components of these bills and come up with any kind of Frankenstein monster, frankly. But at the end of the day, we're just going to have to wait and see how it plays out.
Matt Perry  Wells Fargo Security: If we think about M&A, and I understand your interest in maybe creating a more diversified business mix, but if I look where your valuation sits right now, how do you balance diversifying your revenue stream versus perhaps looking at share buybacks, as your multiple is the lowest in the sector right now?
Michael B. McCallister: I mentioned it earlier. I mean, share buybacks are there. It would be very accretive to do that. It's important to have a fair amount of cash around for lots of reasons and at the same time, and we've been very active in determining if we had M&A opportunities, and we wouldn't do any of those if they weren't accretive as well. So we're looking at all things that are positive whether it be M&A being accretive, share buybacks being accretive. All that's in front of us.  I just think it's time right now to be a little cautious. We can always come back to share buybacks at some point. We still have an authorization out there at some level. I think it's 250. So we're prepared to do it. It's on our list and we'll just have to see what our opportunities are and how to prioritize them.
Operator: Your final question comes from Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: On the changing provider behavior you cited as a cause of the spike in costs in the small group business. I was wondering why you isolate that exclusively to small group, why you're not seeing that in some of your other market segments and products and is there a possibility that that is happening and you just haven't identified it yet?
James E. Murray: We did spot, obviously when a provider system changes the way they bill you for emergency rooms, you see that in all of our lines of business. But when you add up all of the things that are going with the small group block of business, the other group movement that Jim referenced, some of the consumer behavior change that's occurring with the CVHP, the COBRA is impacting our small group the most significantly. We just talked about small group as it respects the negative on it related to the commercial reduction in guidance. But obviously we're seeing the provider behavior issue throughout our lines. But those were performing well and this just made them perform a little less well.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: On the TRICARE, does the fact that you have appealed and the other carrier appealed, does that push back the potential timing of the roll out in your opinion, assuming you do in fact end up losing it. And is there any capital tied up in TRICARE that would get freed up if that contract transitions away from you?
Michael B. McCallister: There is no capital tied up that gets freed up. The first one is, well, it's history we tell you, that these things rarely start on time but we operate under the assumption that it will. There's an awful lot of work to be done for anyone to get ready for next year. So there's no way to know right now. I guess the intent is for it to start on time and we're going to function under that assumption. But it wouldn't surprise me if it got delayed.
Michael B. McCallister: Thank you for joining us. I think we had a very good quarter. Obviously most of the interest of folks today has centered around what's going to happen in Washington, rightfully so. We are there, we're a part of it, we're focused on Medicare. The advantage we have and that the industry has relative to Medicare is that we have a million very, very satisfied people and that the political conversation is going to become very interesting over the next six to eight weeks and we'll be a part of it. In the meantime, as a company, we're continuing to operate and look forward and making sure that we have the right discipline around our costs. We continue to drive productivity around distribution capabilities and I think at this point we look pretty optimistically toward 2010 relative to our Medicate advantage business. Lastly, I want to thank the associates for making these great results possible. And with that we will close the call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael B. McCallister - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director James E. Murray - Chief Operating Officer James H. Bloem - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer Christopher M. Todoroff - Senior Vice President, General Counsel 
Analysts: Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Capital Markets Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank John Rex - JP Morgan Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp. Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, my name is Laurie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana First Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations Regina Nethery. Please go ahead.
Regina Nethery:  Good morning and thank you for joining us. In a moment Mike McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will briefly discuss highlights from our first quarter 2009 results, as well as comments on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel.  We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humanas website humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the internet, along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover some other items. First our cautionary statement: Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas website, as well as on the SECs website.  Additionally, investors are advised to read Humanas first quarter 2009 earnings press release issued this morning, April 27, 2009. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our Investor Relations website. Any references made to earnings per share or EPS in this mornings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. Finally, one point of clarification on this mornings press release, on Page 9, the Government segment benefit ratio guidance point is that to the entire segment so includes Medicare, Medicaid, and Military Services. The Medicare benefit ratio guidance point below it is that for Medicare Advantage and stand-alone PDP combined. With that I will turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Mike McCallister: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today Humana reported first quarter earnings of $1.22 per share, $0.07 above the midpoint of the guidance of $1.10 to $1.20 we shared with you in our fourth quarter 2008 earnings release, and significantly higher than the $0.47 per share we earned in the first quarter of last year. These favorable results were due primarily to year-over-year improved performance in our Medicare prescription drug plans as we effectively addressed the issues we encountered in 2008. Additionally, the quarter saw solid operating performance in both of our business segments, Government and Commercial, which we anticipate to continue through out 2009. Consequently, we also announced today an increase in our full year 2009 EPS guidance, now at $6.10 to $6.20 per share, up from our previous guidance of $5.90 to $6.10. Given that our 2008 results were adversely impacted by the PDP event and not indicative of the strength of our operations, were watching the two year compounded annual growth rate as a more relevant measure of how were adding shareholder value. Based upon our updated guidance this morning, the two-year CAGR using the midpoint of that guidance is 12%.  In the next few minutes I will offer comments on the specific performance and outlook of our Government and Commercial segments and give you an update on how were making measurable progress in reducing costs and improving health outcomes for Medicare Beneficiaries through clinical initiatives associated with our Medicare Advantage offerings. I will also update you on a significant customer service milestone we achieved in the first quarter, the launch of a major Humana initiative in conjunction with 20 members of congress designed to reduce childhood obesity and on the continued development and uptake of Availity our ground breaking provider portal that is fast becoming a national model for IT connectivity in healthcare.  Lets begin with our government segment. As many of you are aware the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services announced the final 2010 Medicare Advantage Rates on April 6, with an effective rate decrease for the sector of 4% to 5%. We will have to address this rate change by increasing member premiums, reducing benefits, or some combination there of, as we file our bids for 2010. At the same time, we will continue to pursue our successful cost reduction and outcomes enhancing strategies, including care coordination and disease management, to help mitigate the adverse effects of this rate reduction on our Medicare Advantage members. As our 2010 bids are due the first Monday in June, work is already underway to make strategic changes designed to not only keep our plans competitive versus the combination of original Medicare with a Medigap policy, but also to be well positioned against the competition within our sector. With our knowledge of senior consumer behavior, together with our product design and actuarial depth, we believe we can effectively design products that address the shortfall in rates while still providing the solid value proposition for seniors.  Nevertheless, Humana and the industry, in conjunction with congressional leaders, continue to work for further consideration of the DOC fix since we believe the related CMS technical adjustment for 2010 will cause the nations seniors to experience significant disruption to their benefit structures only to have much if not all of that reversed back in 2011.  Specifically, we have been working with a bipartisan group of US senators who recently sent a letter to CMS expressing their concern about the Medicare payment cuts for 2010, along with a letter of concern from their chairman and ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee. Among other reasons the senators are concerned because of the continued inclusion in the rates of a scheduled 21% reduction in what physicians are paid to treat Medicare beneficiaries. As those senators pointed out in their letter, it is very unlikely that congress would ever allow these lower physician payments to take effect. In past years Congress has always enacted a DOC fix and we believe it will again this year.  In fact, the Senates budget resolution includes a provision with the goal of protecting Medicare Advantage enrollees from premium increase in benefit reductions in their Medicare Advantage Plans as a result of CMS not taking into account the likelihood that Congress will address the physician payment formula. If Congress does act to address this issue in a timely fashion, CMS has acknowledged they will work with Congress to consider options for addressing it as part of the 2010 Medicare payment rates. Additionally, the senators concerns are shared with more than 800,000 Medicare Advantage members who belong to an industry wide grass roots coalition. These seniors are calling, writing, and meeting with members of Congress across the country. They also participated in numerous Medicare Advantage community meetings during the recent congressional recess.  So how might our products look in 2010? While we are still in the midst of our annual market-by-market, product-by-product benefit design review, this Slide gives an indication of what seniors in Des Moines, Iowa, for example, might see if we change only member premiums in 2010. As you look at the value when compared to the purchase of a Medigap policy, is still quite clear.  Turning to Medicare Advantage membership for 2009, we expect the addition of approximately 50,000 net new Medicare Advantage members this year. Sales of our network-based plans continue to be strong, with 61% of our membership now in either PPO or HMO products, including 87,000 of our Private Fee-For-Service members who chose to move into one of those network products for this year. With over 80 % of our Private Fee-For-Service members already in areas served by network products, a percent we expect to increase as we further build out networks, we are well positioned for the changes scheduled for 2011 that will have the effect of triggering the replacement of Private Fee-For-Service products with PPO and HMO network based products for most of the nation.  I said earlier that Humana continues to make progress reducing costs and improving health outcomes for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries. This work has positive implications, not just for our members, but for the Medicare program as a whole. As weve pointed out many times, original Medicare, which lacks any sort of cost controls and functions essentially as a claims bank factory, is headed rapidly for insolvency. By contrast, Medicare Advantage features care coordination, case management, disease management, predictive modeling, comprehensive wellness services, transplant coordination, and more, all of which have the measurable effect of lowering costs.  Many in congress understand the capabilities being rolled out through Medicare Advantage are critical to the viability of the program and must be applied to the total Medicare population over time. This roll out is currently being financed through the payment methodology for Medicare Advantage plans. Many know the good work done by MA plans must be fostered by health reform and not lost in a misguided concept of returning to growing reliance on an out of control old Medicare program. We continue to make measurable progress against Humanas initial goals of having medical costs 15% below traditional Medicare. The next couple of slides illustrate a few of the opportunities. The positive effects of coordinating care on the cost of inpatient acute admissions, including readmissions, and emergency room visits are graphically shown in this comparison of utilization for original Medicare versus that in our Medicare Advantage plans. Savings of nearly $345.00 per beneficiary on inpatient admissions and $30.00 per member on emergency room visits add up quickly when youre serving millions of seniors. This translated to savings of $301 million for inpatient acute admissions and $26 million for emergency room visits related to the seniors served by Humana plans.  Another important aspect of our Medicare cost reduction efforts is finding, assessing, and contracting with efficient physicians, thus the cost of physician services in Humana Medicare Advantage plans is driven lower as the network focuses on only the most efficient providers. Importantly, this is accomplished while offering a robust network to our members.  At a time when the new administration will be required very soon to seek a long-term answer to the Medicare funding problem, were ready to help with a proven cost and care solution that members love. Satisfaction rates for Medicare Advantage plans are well over 80% with only 1% to 2% of seniors leaving Medicare Advantage to go back to original Medicare. This is further evidence of a value proposition. We believe that we may also have some opportunity to pick up market share as participants exit the market when the product becomes more operationally challenging for them.  The combination of our Medicare cost management model, administrative productivity, and strong networks position us to have a viable Medicare Advantage offering for many years to come. At the same time, we are also strengthening our Medicare Supplement product portfolio to round out our comprehensive menu of product options for seniors.  Our view of Medicare has not changed, nor have the facts. Healthcare provided through the old Medicare program is wasteful, not coordinated, and unaffordable for many seniors. The Medicare Trust Fund will be insolvent in the not too distant future. We must as a country ensure the long-term viability of the program. Seniors aging into the program seek value and are more accustomed to coordinated care plans. Coordinated care can and does have a positive impact on health and wellness and lowers medical costs. The depth and breadth of our Medicare Operations Team will continue to position us well in this dynamic environment.  Now turning to our other government business, TRICARE, we continue to anticipate that the Department of Defense will make its TRICARE award announcement for the T3 five-year contracts sometime in the second quarter. This announcement would involve all three regions, south where we are the incumbent bidder, as well as the north and west regions. In the interim, as you know, we have signed agreements with the Department of Defense for additional option periods with the first extending through March 2010 and two more six-month extension periods to be exercised at the discretion of the Department of Defense.  Turning to our Commercial segment, we have been closely monitoring the impact the volatile economy is having on our Commercial segment operations. Reductions in force have caused corresponding membership losses in our Small Group business to be substantially higher than we previously expected, even while the employer remains our customer. However, our solid reputation in the Individual business through Humana I is resulting in some of these members who are enrolling in our individual plans. On a full-year basis we expect our Commercial Medical membership to be down $150 to $175, 000 versus the end of 2008, reflecting both the loss of a few larger ASO accounts that we reported last quarter, as well as the impact of in-group attrition I just mentioned.  With investment income also expected to be lower than we previously anticipated, a topic Jim Bloem will discuss in his remarks, we now expect Commercial pre-tax income to be in the range of $225 to $235 million. I do want to note, however, that our 2008 Commercial segment earnings are still anticipated to increase 10% to 15% over the prior year despite lower net investment income for 2009.  Before closing, let me update you on three developments that extend Humanas industry leadership and service, health and wellness and health IT connectivity. Each gets at the heart of supplying solutions to the biggest health policy problems facing our nation, cost, and the growing numbers of Americans with preventable chronic conditions and the lack of IT connectivity.  First I will discuss customer service. In a recent polling by JD Power, Humana has become the top rated health plan in a number of regions around our geographic footprint. These results are a testament to the growing effectiveness of our company wide Perfect Service initiative which emphasizes engaging our members proactively and seeking to anticipate and then exceed their individual expectations.  Second are Health and Wellness Initiatives around childhood obesity. This fast growing epidemic accounts for $14 billion in direct medical expenses each year. Obesity is one of five preventable, chronic diseases that when taken together consume 70% of the nations healthcare bill. Now we are doing something about it. With the US Capital as a backdrop, the Humana foundation on March 31, held a news conference to launch the American HorsePower Challenge in conjunction with 20 members of Congress, 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans. 2000 elementary and middle school children in districts represented by the congressmen will compete in a unique exercise video game designed to attack the epidemic of childhood obesity. This innovative exergaming approach translates actual physical activity, steps walked, measured by a computerized pedometer into an online race amongst schools in the same congressional district and among the districts. The 20 members of congress are servings as honorary participants in the challenge. Their own steps will be counted in their states or districts total.  In a Louisville, Kentucky pilot program students burned over 470,000 calories and walked nearly 13.5 million steps, the equivalent of approximately 6,400 miles. Some important behavior changes were noted in these students, specifically 62% exercise at lunch, 45% started eating healthier, and 53% exercise with their family. The program is constant with Humanas long held belief that supplying consumers with actionable information empowers them to take control over their own health. What HorsePower Challenge represents is the convergence of that actionable information gathered in a unique way through technology and the knowledge that kids are big consumers of gaming. The result is a contemporary approach to wellness through measurable behavior change.  Finally, Health Information Technology commonly referred to as HIT. The Obama administration has committed $19 billion in stimulus funds to foster Healthcare IT connectivity demonstrating the importance it places on such initiatives. We are proud to say that our Availity joint venture is playing an increasingly important role, serving as a model for the long-held dream of a robust, nationwide, interoperable Healthcare IT network.  Since it pioneered multi-payer IT connectivity for providers in Florida eight years ago, Availity has expanded its reach and serves more than 50,000 doctors offices, 1,000 hospitals, and 1,000 health plans nationwide. Active in all 50 states, Availity has enhanced its capabilities to include the creation of payer based health records and real-time claims adjudication. The Availity venue is now used by all of the major health plans, public and private, for profit and not for profit, with one of our more sizable competitors recently buying into the joint venture that Humana and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida began in 2001. The administrative simplicity for the provider community Availity provides is unmatched and we believe will continue to result in higher transaction volume going through this portal.  In addition, Availity was recently selected as a vendor of choice by the Virginia Health Exchange Network, an association of health plans and health systems in that state and Availity is contracted with a Florida agency for Healthcare Administration to implement a new demonstration product that will give physicians and patients access to Medicaid claims based electronic health records as well. For 2009 Availity is expected to handle more than $600 million transactions or approximately 10% of the total transaction volume in the US. In addition the ongoing expansion of the networks real-time health information exchange now includes e-prescribing in Texas and Florida with more states scheduled to be added later this year.  Why does this matter? For years weve discussed with you the power of actionable information at the consumer and provider level. Availity is essentially the real-time highway for the delivery of that information. The result is speed, accuracy, higher quality, and of course, lower cost. That has been the clear impact on the rest of the economy as information technology has spread and will be in healthcare too.  As you can see, Human is active on many fronts and we expect the remainder of 2009 to extend the success we had in the first quarter with our full-year EPS now projected to be in the range of $6.10 to $6.20. Despite the uncertainties of politics and the global economy, we believe Humana is particularly well positioned for success in future years as well. Our direct to consumer approach to sales and our emphasis on the power of the consumer to choose, finance, and use health benefits with confidence positions us well in an economic climate where the impact of rising healthcare costs, reflected in insurance premiums, will grow ever starker. The flexibility and resiliency weve shown over our 48-year history in anticipating and adapting to change now deeply a part of the DNA in both our company leadership and just as importantly our associates is already bearing fruit as we continue to incorporate the adjustments that the future will demand. Consistent with our legacy of successfully transforming our selves through a number of businesses with health always at the center, we are now strategically broadening our scope beyond health benefits. We are supporting the health of individuals and communities. Over the next few years our emphasis increasingly will be on providing opportunities for our members to improve their health in ways that are measurable, that offer rewards, that take advantage of new media tools like exergames and social networks, that help sustain the planet, and are just plain fun. If we can help people get and stay healthy over time, they will save money and the system will prosper. In the meantime, the operational discipline that produced our first quarter results bodes well for our own ability to continue to succeed.  With that, I will turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
Jim Bloem: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. Lets begin by recapping our first quarter results. As Mike mentioned we are pleased to report that our earnings per share exceeded the mid-point of our expectations for the first quarter by $0.07. The primary driver was our Medicare operating performance as both the Medicare Advantage and the stand-alone PDP businesses performed very well. As noted in the slide, the quarter also included $0.03 per share of adverse impact from the lower than anticipated investment income due to circumstances I will discuss in a few minutes.  My comments this morning will focus on the three most noteworthy factors impacting both our first quarter results and our increased full year EPS guidance range. These three items are first, better than expected Medicare performance; second, reduced investment income due to lower interest rate expectations; and third, decreased Small Group Commercial membership. I will detail each of these factors in the next several slides, but first lets look at our full year anticipated earnings per share. As Mike mentioned, we are pleased to raise our 2009 EPS guidance from a range of $5.90 to $6.10 to a range of $6.10 to $6.20, an increase of $0.15 using the mid points. The following three factors enable us to confidently raise our full year EPS guidance:  First, the primary reason is our improved outlook which builds on our improved outlook for Medicare, which builds on our first quarter Medicare performance. Thats reflected in both higher than previously expected revenues per member and lower than expected benefit expenses.  Second, slightly offsetting the full year Medicare improvement is a projected decrease in Commercial Small Group membership as the year progresses.  Third, we also now anticipate our full year 2009 investment income will be lower than our previous guidance by $55 million or $0.20 per share.  Lets review each of these changes and expectations in greater detail starting with the changes to our Medicare forecast.  This morning we lowered our expected 2009 overall benefit ratio by about 75 basis points at the mid points. That ratio is now expected to be in the range of 82.5% to 83.5%. As I mentioned, we are seeing improvements in both the benefit expense and the premium components of the overall benefit ratio for Medicare. Changes in the benefit expense expectations primarily relate to the stand-alone PDP expenses, while changes in our premium expectations primarily relate to Medicare Advantage.  As we continually have monitored our PDP claims expenses we have been pleased to note that each of our three plans has performed better than expected with the Standard Plan doing particularly well. Higher uses of generics across all three plans have helped drive these lower than forecasted expenses.  Now with respect to Medicare Advantage premiums, much of the improvement stems from higher risk adjusted premiums. In last quarters call we mentioned that the risk scores of the members that we acquired for 2009 were not significantly different than those for 2008. That fact has not changed, rather though, the primary driver of changes in risk scores is an improvement in provider documentation for those Medicare Advantage members that we have had over a longer period of time. Note, that the longer the members tenure with us, the more likely it is that the risk score accurately reflects the members health status.  CMS used March as one of its two cut-off months for analyzing member risk score data to adjust planned premiums later in the year. Accordingly, we also update our risk adjustment premium accrual analyses using the provider data submitted to CMS by the cut-off date. Based on that work, we adjusted our risk adjustment premium accruals to ensure that revenue was recorded properly. Consequently, our first quarter results include these updated accruals, as does our forecast for the remainder of 2009. Turning next to the Commercial segment, this morning we lowered our full year commercial pre-tax income guidance by approximately $50 million. As shown on the slide, about $35 million or 70% of this reduction consists of our lowered outlook for investment income, which I will detail in a moment. The other issue impacting the commercial business is our revised outlook for Small Group membership, which we now see as declining by 90,000 to 110,000 members by the end of this year. As Mike mentioned, it has become clear that the prolonged recession is having a more significant adverse impact on smaller employers than we previously estimated. Virtually all of the $15 million detailed on the operations line on the slide can be attributed to lower expected Small Group membership. Finally, our secular trend components, which as usual are detailed in this mornings press release, continue to track with our expectations. In the aggregate, we expect secular trends of 6% to 7%, however, if you include the impact of benefit buy downs, growth in high deductible health plans, the migration of groups to more cost effective networks, and other business mix changes, the trend decreases by another 3%, resulting in net trends of 3% to 4%, which are in line with those we shared with you in last quarters call and release.  Now, with respect to investment income, the first quarter investment income was $69.5 million versus $90 million in the first quarter of 2008. That is a decrease of $20.5 million or 22.8%. Despite our roughly $750 million or 10.7% year-over-year increase in the average invested balance, we continue to struggle with investment returns for the following three reasons: First, continued extremely low cash and cash equivalent yields; second, a relative scarcity of fixed income investments, which meet our investment criteria. This results in a greater than desired portion of our average invested balance remaining in cash and cash equivalents. Third, the Federal Reserves March 18 announced commitment to purchase $1.1 trillion 150 million dollars of US government securities with maturities of between two and ten years by the end of September. Its important to note that each of these reasons reflects a lower general level of interest rates rather than any specific credit issues. The first two reasons caused our first quarter investment income to be $8 million or $0.03 per share, less than we expected 90 days ago with an additional $11 million or $0.04 per share reduction expected over the remaining nine months of this year. The third reason, which is termed by the Fed as quantitative easing is expected to lower our investment by an additional $36 million or $0.13 per share over the last three quarters of the year. As a result the yields on the two to ten portion of the yield curve have tightened up by 50 to 60 basis points. Accordingly, today we have reduced our 2009 investment income guidance range by a total of $55 million or $0.20 per share to $270 million to $290 million. Our $7.4 billion investment portfolio continues to benefit from broad diversification and appropriate duration, ample liquidity, and high credit quality. At March 31 we had approximately $230 million of net unrealized losses on investments, which is the same amount we had at December 31. As of April 23 our total net unrealized loss is decreased to approximately $165 million. The $65 million or 28% improvement over March 31 reflects, among other things, the Feds quantitative easing that I mentioned a few minutes ago. Now as was the case in the last two quarters, you can get further detail on our portfolio composition from the statistical pages of this mornings press release. Turning to the balance sheet, our days in claims payable declined 4.8 days when compared to the fourth quarter of last year. This slide, which is again taken from the statistical pages of this mornings press release, highlights the key items which impact the change and compares them with the first quarter of 2008. In short, none of the decline was indicative of reserve releases or any changes in our consistent reserving practices.  A summary of the major components of the decline are as follows: 1.9 days of the 4.8 days relate to timing, specifically the cut off for our pharmacy payment and process claims out the door. Second, another 0.7 days relates to the faster processing of claims inventory. Note that our days claims on hand were 4.2 at the end of the quarter, a near record low, and that reduction in days claims on hand was accomplished even while we continue to add more membership volume to our core Medicare processing platform, along with rolling the Medicare and Order of St Francis Medical membership acquired in 2008 to our core platform on January 1st. Finally, another two days was the result in the expense component of the days in claims table computations while the liability itself remained flat. This mismatch occurred twice in the first quarter days in claims payable computation. The first of these expenses versus liability mismatches occurs annually for the Part D component of our MAPD benefit. Since Part D deductibles reset on January 1st and are front-end loaded in terms of the plans responsibility, the first quarter expense is higher than the fourth quarters expense.  You will note that we also experienced this same affect in days in claims payable in the first quarter of 2008 and as well, in the first quarter of 2007. In the first quarter of 2009 this resulted in a sequential decline in days in claims payable of 1.1 of those two days, of those last two days I just mentioned.  A second expense versus liability mismatch in the first quarter days in claims payable computation occurred this quarter in connection with our Cariten acquisition. The expenses associated with Cariten members increased simply due to the timing of the acquisition, which was on November 1 of 2008. This timing resulted in only two months of expense in the fourth quarter while a full three months was, of course, in the first quarter of 09. That resulted in a sequential decline in days of claims payable of 0.9 days. The remaining 0.2 days of the decline reflects normal fluctuation in the days in claims payable metric. Again, we remain comfortable that our reserve levels are conservative and appropriate.  Turning last to capital and liquidity, as demonstrated by the following 4 points, we continue to both have and prudently conserve ample capital and liquidity in these continuing uncertain times.  First, we are reaffirming our 2009 cash flows from operations guidance range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. The primary driver for the full year increase over 2008 is the expected increase in 2009 net income. As was the case in 2008, we expect most of the total 2009 operating cash flows to occur in the second half of the year.  Second, we continue to retain $750 million of availability under our $1 billion revolving bank credit agreement. Our bank credit facility remains effective until July 2011, after which the earliest issue of our senior notes matures in June of 2016. Third, our March 31, 2009 debt to total capitalization ratio was 29.3% and our target range remains in the 25% to 30% range. Finally, we continue to carry significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital in surplus in our state regulated operating subsidiaries. We are pleased to note that last week all of our parent and subsidiary credit ratings were affirmed with a stable outlook by Standard & Poors. Our parent company rating is BBB.  Our continued expectation is that we will be able to a dividend at least $500 million from the subsidiaries to the parent in 2009 versus the $296 million that we dividended in 2008. In addition, we expect capital contributions to the operating subsidiaries to be less than the $243 million that we contributed in 2008.  As usual, we will update these amounts with our second quarter earnings conference call in early August, after our discussions with the respective State Departments of Insurance and all the credit rating agencies are completed. To conclude, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance and the resulting increase in our full year earnings per share guidance of $6.10 to $6.20. We continue to build on our organizational experience and new processes to improve the operating performance of both our business segments. As we move toward mid-year 2009 the operating discipline and financial strength of Humana have never been greater. With that, we will open the phone lines for questions. We request that each caller ask only two questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue. Operator will you please introduce the first caller.   
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Tom Carroll with Stifel Nicolaus Capital Markets.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Capital Markets: I have a two-part question on Medicare as it relates to your Private Fee-For-Service to network product transition. First, Private Fee declines have been fully offset by increases in network products. Is there any correlation between your current Private Fee-For-Service enrollments switching over to, so Humana Private Fee to a Humana PPO type product? Can you give us some kind of metric on that? Secondly, how do you think about this transition in 2010? Then maybe you could give us some high level commentary on 2011 also. So, is there going to be a big push to make the transition in 2010, or is that going to be left really more to 2011?
Jim Murray: The net plan-to-plan changes that we experienced this past open enrollment period were around 87,000 members. We purposely try to create a product continuum that encourages folks to go from the Private Fee-For-Service to the network based options, be it regional PPO, local PPO, or HMOs. We saw some good movement this past open enrollment period and we anticipate well see increasing levels of movement in 2010 and 2011. We feel very well positioned for the CMS rule regarding the elimination of the Private Fee-For-Service on January 1 and were very pleased with how this is all beginning to set up for us.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Capital Markets: So increasing levels in 2010, maybe it is too early to say right now in terms of your strategy, in terms of bidding for next year, but is it going to be more so in 2010 than 2011?
Jim Murray: I would anticipate that 2010 would be slightly higher than 2011. 2011, as I sit here now, we are obviously in the process of going through the market-by-market evaluation of what your benefits and premiums are going to look like. My goal and our goal will be to try to get as much done in 2010 as possible with 2011 being the finalization of that process. Again, we saw some nice movement this past open enrollment period and as we create our product continuums market-by-market that will be a major goal.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Capital Markets: Thats very helpful, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Charles Boorady with Citi Investment Research.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: I am wondering how much of the impact in your Medicare Advantage loss ratio expected improvement this year is coming from the revenue benefit of the risk score issue that you discussed versus an improvement in underlying cost trends or other factors?
Mike McCallister: Charles, I mentioned two things, I mentioned the PDP and that was lowering benefit expenses and of course, your question again suggesting the Medicare risk adjustment. The two things together were probably about $0.10 in the first quarter and theyre about a 3:2 ratio, so again, we kind of expect that to play out through the year.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: Okay and again, you underlying cost trend assumptions though, are they unchanged versus what you thought when you [interposing].
Mike McCallister: Yes.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research:  Okay, I have it. Then in terms of looking out to 2010, you mentioned the 4% to 5% cut that you hope to have mitigated, but assuming it goes through, if we were to assume it goes through and trying to assess what the impact will be in 2010, do you have any information that you can share with us to help us make our own estimates of what the impact would be? For example, maybe the sensitivity of your MA demand growth this year in light of your imposing new member paid premiums this year, how sticky the enrollment was and whether that is an experience that you can look at to assess the expected enrollment impact in 2010, presuming you have to put through additional member increases or cut benefits then?
Jim Murray: As I mentioned to the earlier questioner, were in the process of going market-by-market evaluating benefit designs and premiums that well likely put into place. There is a benefit cut level that were trying to align around and trying to evaluate how many members we would likely have moving back into the Medicare program or perhaps to competitors. We feel very confident that the offerings that weve evaluated so far are going to be competitive and they are going to provide the members with a substantial value proposition. So, were not prepared right now, obviously, because we are bidding against ourselves, if you will. Well know more in October when we see what some of our competitors do, but were cautiously optimistic that when we get done our benefit plans are going to be very, very competitive and we feel, again, cautiously optimistic that next year well see some growth.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: You imposed first time premium this year and seem to hang on to a preponderance of your lives. Do you have any data on people who might have left because of the premium you imposed versus the percent you kept?
Jim Murray: Help me understand what you are specifically looking for.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: Essentially, how do members respond when you impose a monthly premium on them. 
Jim Murray: The membership, we broke it into the different premium increases and we saw a persistency issue at some level of premium increase. We believe that there is a premium level that people begin to evaluate their choices and thats one of the reasons that I mentioned earlier. We are going to look at that particular premium level and evaluate what we want to do with benefit cuts and premium increases, given what we saw last year about that specific premium level where again, it looks like people look around a little bit more than other increases.
Mike McCallister: Let me add to that. There are some things we did learn relative to premiums and what we do know is that we can sell a product with a premium to seniors with our distribution capability, because there is a value proposition there that they can sell. What we had happen, as you know, is we had people out there with zero premium products. We sold a lot. We had some churn because of the zero premium competitors and we dont know what people are going to do next year, but I would find it incredible that anyone would be out there with a zero premium product in 2010. So, we are going to be premium against premium here as opposed to the stark reality of a premium versus nothing. I think overall we have to feel pretty good about where this is going to come out.
Regina Nethery: We are going to need to move on. We have a number of people in the queue. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Raskin with Barclays Capital.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  My first question, Mike you have talked for years, and year, and years about a targeted 5% overall Medicare margin. Obviously things are going slightly better than that, so I am curious as you think about 2010; one of the components you are not talking about in terms of changes would be potential margin change i.e. getting back to that 5%. I am just curious if that is in the plan as well.  Then, Jim, the favorable development, obviously a big number $169 million, but it was actually down a little bit on a year-over-year basis. Based on what was recognized last year in the first quarter I would have thought it might have been up this year. Is there anything in the favorable developments that could spike up?
Jim Bloem: Again, we used our same conservative reserving methodology that we always use. Again, it is based on all the actuarial information that we have. We continue to think that people over think this, so we give them all of the information that is in the press release regarding how it works and youve picked up on the piece of development to date. I would go back and say that weve, again, booked to a constant level of margin. We continue that margin. So, again, we feel very good about our reserves and we look at it. By the time we get to the end of the year, again, there has been a lot of consistency in the last couple years and I think well see that again this year.
Jim Murray: To your first question the goal we have each and every year is to increase our profitability year-over-year so as were evaluating on a market-by-market basis were trying to determine what we think the competitive landscape looks like market-by-market and making decisions around a specific market level contract level plans that we have in some of those that it makes sense, perhaps to attempt to grow membership in others it looks like its more appropriate to maintain the higher margins and so when we put all of that together the end goal for us as a company is to make more money year-over-year as you might expect. So, it is a very, very evolving process and we feel very good about where we sit right now. 
Jim Bloem: I will just add to that Josh. I have said 5% for a long time and that is still where we work. I mean we go into this whole process every year with the idea that for our entire Medicare book of business we think about 5% is where it ought to be. Now there are a lot of moving parts associated with that. We have to look at the total company, as Jim said, it is a huge variation based on location and geography and where we think we are relative to medical cost management and a lot of different things. I think generally we are staying in that range and it has been a little higher, it has been a little lower. Last year it was a little lower, right now it is a little higher, but we always go into it with 5% in mind.  
Mike McCallister: That is important to note, we struggled to make 4% least year. 
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  Right, fair enough. I guess I was just asking, you guys have a little bit extra margin. You have already added premiums. You seem, relative to your competitors, probably in better shape for next year, so I was just curious if the goal was to maintain that membership or is this goal, as Jim Murray just talked about, of just increasing the profits every year?
Jim Murray: The goal is to increase profits year-over-year and as you might expect a 1% margin change up or down had some pretty significant implications on the number of members you have to gain, so we evaluate that pretty in depth and again, lots of moving parts, but again, as we sit here right now, we feel cautiously optimistic about how things are playing out so far. 
Jim Bloem: The percentage margin is one thing, but the dollar margin, as Jim says, the dollars that we earn, thats the part were trying to move up. The 5% is a year-over-year long-term moving average. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: I have a question about the potential expected fix to the physician SGR. What do you think about the time frame in terms of when that would need to get done in order to still be able to roll through something to the 2010 rate potentially? Is there a time frame that you think this has to get done by?
Jim Murray: Weve provide Mike and Heidi Margulis, our Senior VP of Government Relations some dates that would make the most sense. We would love to see something done before the CMS finalization of rates in August. If it happens later than that, we will obviously stand ready to do whatever it takes. That fix is worth $25.00 of benefits and premiums and from my point of view it saves some significant disruption in the senior population and it is something that a lot of people in Washington ought to be focusing on. So, we will do whatever it takes to get it in time and we would ask that the folks in Washington feel the same.
Mike McCallister: Weve put a lot of energy as weve gone through building out each of these benefit and premium proposals and there are thousands of them that have to go in and prepared ourselves for scenarios around what would happen if we get a late change to this so that we could quickly react. So, we are prepared. Congress will do what its going to do and we cant drive the timeline. Well have to see how that plays out. I know there is significant pressure out there to get something done about this, because it is kind of an outrageous concept that were going to put the seniors though all this, this next year and then turn around and reverse it by formula in the following years. So it is kind of an awful lot of wasted energy.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: If I could just ask on your slide presentation you showed on page 7, you showed the PPO product compared to Med Supp plan with stand alone PDP. Is that sort of what is never going to be completely apples-to-apples, but is that pretty close? In other words that sort of implies that the product is providing effectively about $60.00 a month in additional value, if Im reading this correctly. Would that be inclusive of the 4% to 5% rate cut thats on the books for now?
Mike McCallister: Yes, the answer to all of your questions is yes. 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right, Im good for now, thank you.
Jim Murray: And remember that is the PPO. The HMO, obviously, has significantly more value than that.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin Lake with UBS Investment Research.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: You gave us some color around the PMPM Medicare Advantage premiums that you reported. Can you give us just a little more color on the break down? It was up 10% year-over-year; that is a big number. I am just curious how much of that is 1x catch up on those risk adjusters versus what we can expect to continue as the year-over-year increase in yields going forward.
Jim Bloem: Actually it is very little. You are right that the Medicare per member per month Medicare Advantage premium is up 10%, but that is driven by a lot of factors, and the one that I mentioned that changed the guidance was a very small change. Here are the kinds of things, and I am sure you know a lot of these, but if you think about us they particularly apply. First of all you have the base rate that you get from CMS. Then, as we have talked about, we are one of the few companies that added a premium this year for 2009, so that increased it. Then we did a number of acquisitions in the last three quarters of 2008 gave us a lot more members. Then we also got a mix of business issues, again, weve got HMOs, Private Fee-For-Service, PPOs and then the geography of where things are changed and then finally the demographic mix, the age, the gender of our members etc. So all of those things go into that 9.9 increase for the premium per member per month and the amount that made the guidance change, again the guidance went up $0.15 and as I said that has the investment income reduction and the commercial reduction in Small Group membership, but again it just takes a very small change in that MRA thing to produce the change we did today.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: My second question, I just want to follow up on Joshs question on the 5% target. Mike, specifically, you went through a lot of time last year on the first quarter call going through the steps you were taking to get the 4% margin back to 5%. When we fast-forward to 2010, are you going to be talking to us about getting 6% back to 5% and what youll be doing there? Then to take that a step further, if we dont get a change in these rates, is there any possibility that Humana would be willing to accept lower than even that 5% margin target for 2010 in order to maximize their benefit designs with the expectation that rates will bounce back in 2011 and you will kind of smooth it out?
Mike McCallister: First of all, let me tell you how we think about this. You are going to start with the entire company and we ask ourselves what can all of our product lines produce; where are our earnings, what do we think is a reasonable growth potential off of those earnings; then we start looking at all of our products, including in this case Medicare, to continue to try to find a way to continue to grow the company. None of these things are etched in stone. If I could find a way to significantly grow earnings on the back of a 3% margin would I do it, of course I would. So it is all about working with a number of moving pieces. We generally shoot at this 5% number for Medicare, because it has been fitting how it works our company for a while, and as we get further into the year we will think about that. As we know more where were going to stand against competitors, as we see what we think we can do with all of these various proposals and bids, all of that is going to come together. We intend to grow earnings next year; whether it is going to be 5% or 5.5% or 4.8%, at this point it is too early to say.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: Great, thanks for the color.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Nersessian with Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: My question is on the commercial business. Last quarter you pretty much brushed off the potential impact of the slowing economy on your Commercial Group membership and obviously you have changed your view on that point. So, I was wondering what specifically did you see change, since you reported the fourth quarter numbers, that has caused you to change that view. Then if you could help us understand as to how the seasonality might change this year in your high-deductible health plan products from the impact of the slowing economy.
Jim Murray:  I was the person who brushed it off, as you so aptly put it and I own that, so. Here is what happened from the time we talked last until today. We did a number of things. One of the things I talked with you about last time we spoke was that we were going to increase our pricing on our, particularly our Small Group business and we did that. That was one thing that went into the membership issue.  Another thing that we did was we chose for the Small Group is made up of 2 to 25, 26 to 50, and 51 to 99 case sizes. For the 51 to 99 we werent pleased with where our medical expense ratios were running and so we change our underwriting approach from an employer question approach to an employee question approach. We tried to understand more about the particular pieces of risk in those groups that we were looking at, and that went over well in probably 60% of our markets. In 40% of our markets the competitors didnt follow suit and so that caused a little disruption, more so than we had anticipated.  Finally, when we last talked we have a thing here called Other Group Movement, which is the net, net effect of lay-offs and individuals deciding to drop coverage. For all of 2008 that Other Group Movement for the Small Group block was averaging around 1,500 to 2,000 members for month. When January hit the number was closer to 6,000. We thought okay, January has a little bit higher enrollment activity than other months. Unfortunately for us that stayed at around 5,000 to 6,000 in February and March.  All of those three pieces added together caused the change in the way that I looked at our Commercial membership. Were obviously identifying a number of fixes to get after. Specifically its a Small Group issue. We did talk about some ASO cases that left us and that was okay, because some of what happened there was competitive situations that we werent willing to accept. So, we have some things that were doing on the Small Groups side to get after it.  Around new products, we have our new consumerism products in the second half of the year that were going to roll out. When we roll out products we do market visits and we will, we call them road shows, so that we will get in front of a lot of brokers. We are going to expand some of our value propositions. Some of our, what we call, under writing days, where we have under writers meet face to face with brokers. We are doing some things around bonus programs.  So, we anticipate that towards the tail end of the year that the Small Group losses that I just referenced will start to mitigate, but weve tried to be conservative with our reductions. As it relates to the question that you asked regarding the high-deductible health plans, we saw some benefit for that in the first quarter and well likely see some negative in the fourth quarter. But overall, some of the pricing that we did, that I referenced at the beginning of my response, is driving the improvement in the medical expense ratio for the overall commercial block up 100 basis points or perhaps even a little bit more so. We are pleased with the way that the commercial profitability is starting to be positioned for the year, and this Small Group enrollment issue is something that, as you might expect, has my attention.  So, sorry that we werent as on top of this as we should have been when we had our last call, but we are all over it now. 
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you very much.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christine Arnold with Cowen & Co.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: In regards to Medicare Advantage, could you give us a sense for the churn that you ultimately saw in the first quarter kind of gross adds, gross losses? Then how much of that increase PMPM of, I think you said 9.9%, was going to risk adjusters that you either have received first quarter or expect to receive later in the year? Finally, can you talk about the loss ratio? Given the churn, how confident are you that youre seeing the underlying trends and what kind of metrics do you look at there?
Jim Bloem: Let me start with the last two. We are very confident that, we continue to watch weekly and daily the trends and everything, so we know that the expenses that were booking are the expenses that are actually being incurred. As far as how much of how much of the 9.9 is risk adjustor, again it is not a very large amount, because think about what I said before. We introduced a member premium. Weve got the base rate from CMS. Weve got the acquisitions that we did and then everything else it really goes in terms of the lines of businesses, how we expand the network product over the Private Fee-For-Service, so not a very big number.
Mike McCallister: I have a couple of follow-ups to your questions. On a gross basis our sales were $367,000 which includes about $114,000 of plan-to-plan changes; so net MAPD sales were around $254,000. Our market pool agency had an absolutely incredible year and we appreciate all the good work that they do. One of the things that I would follow up with, some of Jims remarks that as he said in his remarks, are the risk scores for the new members that weve got were very similar to the risk members that we got last year and the risk members that we got the year before that. The improved risk scores are for our persisting members where we are getting paid the amount that we should be based upon the risk that were assuming. So, this isnt an issue about any kind of surprises in the new membership that we received.  The increase here is a function of the documentation and again, being paid for the risks that were assuming. And, as you might expect, lots of metrics around here at Humana. We look at claims almost on a daily basis. Particularly the drug claims and we are very pleased with what we are seeing not only in the PDP, but also the MAPD claims.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: Okay, my final question is on cash deployment. Why so little repurchase with all this cash and the shares where they are?
Jim Bloem: We have adopted a philosophy for the last year now, really, since the recession began 15, 26 months ago, that we are going to prudently have a bias towards conserving cash, just because again, as we said, look at investment income, the ability to issue debt, things like that. Weve got a very solid financial position, as I mentioned. Our credit facility doesnt expire until 2011 and the first of our senior notes not until 2016. But, we are being very cautious about the use of cash right now, even though you are right, it would be wildly accretive to do. It is still a matter of a lot of companies that have done that, not in our sector necessarily, but everywhere that have used up their cash have sort of regretted doing it; so we would like to see further evidence of stability in the credit markets and in the cash markets, for that matter, before we continue repurchasing.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co.: Thank you.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Can you give us your initial impressions on this new swine flu outbreak and do you know if any of the initial 20 cases in the US have been Humana members? Can you give us a sense of what type of impact on this could have on the business if it continues to spread around the US?
Jim Murray: I read about the swine flu over the weekend for the very first time and weve got a lot of folks who are looking through to assess the issues, but frankly, it is early in the process. 
Mike McCallister: I would say there is homework that gets done around subjects like this, whether it be this one or any other pandemic kind of issue out there and in fact natural disasters. So, it is not like we have never thought about this. We have folks who have spent a lot of time with plans and preparations for these kinds of things, but it is way to early to have any idea whether this is going to have any impact on us or any of our members.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Then a follow up on health reform and maybe now with it looking like there will be a reconciliation provision included. I would like your thoughts around timing, will it potentially not be until Fall now, so we really have a good sense of this. Then I would like your updated, what you are hearing just the conversation around the public plan and how that could be framed and the chance of that actually coming out including something like Medicare rates as compared to it being based more on commercial competition. 
Mike McCallister: It is a little hard to say at this point. Even though you are starting to see a little more clarity about what people are thinking the process might look like, I would say that the devil is still going to be in the details around all of this. I will tell you that the public plan option, which is nothing but a government run health plan is a real lightening rod and could disrupt everything, so it will be interesting to see how committed some folks are to such an idea.  Our industry has done a nice job of preparing for this both from the standpoint of having really positive, solid policy positions that we put forward that are really structurally different. It is surprising to some folks up there. We will see. We have a good grass roots capability that will be applied when and if and where necessary. So, I think we are prepared to argue the points and the policies as well as play the politics if it is necessary to get to the right place. But, I think there is a lot of time left here before we have anything to really work with.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Rex with JP Morgan.
John Rex - JP Morgan: Just back a minute towards thinking of managing through 2010 and assuming that we dont get any benefit from the physician fee fix and the rest. I mean how willing are you to be the smoother for the senior as you go from 2010, 2011. So, think of the business kind of over that two-year cycle. And, you kept saying if we could take lower margins a long with the net earnings growth, but I guess coming back to more, would you be willing to take no earnings growth to be that smooth, as long as you could see your way to the fact that in 2011 this gets fixed and gets back into the rates?
Mike McCallister: Well what we can never count on is a long-term thing, from the standpoint of the political side of this. That idea is clearly one thats on the table. We look at that sort of thing all the time and I think we owe it to ourselves to do that. Because, we have said all along we plan on being on Medicare over the long term. We think it is a long - term business opportunity even with some of the clouds that are out there. So yes, we have to think about that, but I would also say that there is no guarantee that it would go the other way in 2011, because someone may step in and intervene in that formulary process.  So the formula would say it comes back in 2011, but one of the real judgment calls is whether you trust it will actually happen or not. So, these are all what we get paid to think about and try to make decisions around and I can tell you our bias going in is we anticipate growing the companies earnings every single year. As like in 2010, we plan to do it again. So we will have to work through it. Quickly, to throw in, there are other lines of business that are a part of our ability to make money. So, those are parts of the levers that we constantly evaluate. It isnt just MA that we do here, as you know. 
John Rex - JP Morgan: But, do you think it is completely unfeasible? So, say you got there and you had confidence on the 2011, its coming back: is it completely unfeasible to think about 2010 as being a flat to modestly down earnings year?
Mike McCallister: It is way too early, I think, to talk about that. I mean, again, the principles we operate around here is early earnings, we still have that as our bias. We have work to do on all this Medicare bit work. We have to see what our competitors have done in October, before we will even have a good yield, no matter which way we go. So we are always in this cherry because of the way this business, Medicare Advantage business, has been and the timing around it.  You know, we put our cards on the table and we dont know how theyre going to play until we turn them all over in October and then we have a really good view of the following year. Generally we have done a pretty good job of being able to look at that point forward and have a pretty good view of it. So, I dont see anything different at this point. 
John Rex - JP Morgan: Okay, but you wouldnt dismiss it out of hand. That is a possibility at least. 
Mike McCallister: Well, I mean we have an obligation to think about whats best for the company long term and clearly that could be one of the decisions, but Im not here to tell you that it is. We would be irresponsible, I think, not to think past just one year.
John Rex - JP Morgan: Right sure and can you just remind us in the longer-term, again. When you look at a Medicare member, what kind of a differential do you think you have to have longer term? What kind of differential does a senior need to perceive in terms of value in MA versus being in the traditional plan? Also, how much extra benefit do you think is the break point to get, especially to get new seniors to enroll in MA? Is it 10% do you think roughly when you look at your membership and success there?
Mike McCallister: I think that is a function. We know the seniors fall into various segments. Some are going to be motivated by a different inflection point around that than others are, so there is no single way to think about that. Some are more focused on benefits versus premiums. I think it is overly simplistic to think of this as a homogenous crowd, because they are not.  We put a lot of work into trying to find out where those inflection points are among the various segments to try to get the right balance between premiums and benefits to appeal to as broad a population as we possible can. Because, we think we can meet all of them at some point in some product array. So, there is no single way to think about that.
John Rex - JP Morgan:  I guess I was thinking when you think about their all end costs and traditional versus regular. Do you assume that seniors would still enroll if you couldnt score any kind of cost save between MA and Private Medicare?
Mike McCallister: Well if it was a perfectly flat environment we would have a less compelling of a value proposition, but we do have some things just beyond the benefits. I mean we have the simplicity of having a single insurer with an umbrella coverage that covers everything from Part A, Part B, C and D. All of that is valuable. We have better information flows than a traditional line up of Medigap. I mean if any of you had parents that are sick and you have all of these separated plans, it is a nightmare just to do the paperwork. So the value proposition goes beyond just the benefits and the premium, but those are obviously the most powerful ones. 
John Rex - JP Morgan:  Great, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carl McDonald with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc: Assuming status quo on the Medicare rates for 2010, do you anticipate from an industry perspective enrollment will be flat, up, or down relative to the million plus lives that have been added the past couple of years?
Jim Murray: Based upon where everything is being discussed now, I would anticipate that there would continue to be some growth. As we talked earlier, when you array us and our products against a traditional program and a Medigap policy to go with that, and a PDP product to go on top of that, the value proposition is there for the seniors and I think seniors are beginning to increasingly understand that. I think the $10 million that we talked about the last time we were together in New York is now driving closer to 11 million folks who are in an MA program. So, I continue to believe that there is value there for the seniors and it is a part of us and the rest of the competitors in the industry to share with folks.  This discussion has been all about premium levels. There are other value propositions that come with Humana and so that is one of the things that we constantly focus on is those other value propositions, rather than getting into a conversation around commoditization.
Mike McCallister:   I would comment further. I was looking at a schedule the other day that outlined the market share of Medigap versus Medicare Advantage over the last few years. Medicare Advantage has really been capturing market share from Medigap markets. One of the reasons we teased out this Des Moines comparison this morning, is because that is one of the primary competitors to Medicare Advantage and you can see that even with what happens in 2010 in that particular market, and even if you put all of that new issue into premium you are still way below Medigap in terms of premium. So there is a long way to run before Medicare Advantage is not competitive against the Medigap, because you have to remember Medigap keeps going up as well.
Jim Bloem: And Carl, also the ageing are very familiar with managed care type products as opposed to the old indemnity products. So, as 2.7, 2.8 members come in next year age into being 65, that also helps.
Jim Murray: One more thing, not only to address this most recent question, but also to address some of those that we got before. Mike showed a slide, I believe, that demonstrates what were focusing on, on the 15% solution. Nobody has talked or asked about that and that is a big part of how we think about this and the ability over the next couple of years to drive to that 15% solutions. Weve got 500 contractors through out the United States who are putting networks together that have a significant amount of savings associated with them. Weve been spending significantly around some of the things that are shown on that slide around disease management programs, behavioral linkages with medical nurses in particular markets. All of those things are beginning to come together and were really seeing some increasing opportunities on that 15% solution. So that has got to be a part of this whole thinking. It isnt just about this negative 5% decrease. It is about what are we doing in addition to that to get after the whole value prop.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc: Okay, thank you.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peter Costa with FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp.
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp.: Can you give us an idea of what your days claims payables is going to do going forward? The last few years it has risen through the year. Do you expect that to continue, if you look at your explanations for the decline this quarter, youd think it could go up at least a couple of days. Is that the right way to think about it, or how should I be looking at that?
Jim Bloem: Somewhere in between those two, because again, if you think about the reasons that we enumerated to give that it came down, those are all really good reasons in terms of operation. We paid claims faster, we do those things and receipt cycle time is less. Were working very hard to continue to put in those operational improvements that get people paid accurately and quickly. Again, I would say somewhere in between. We still, again, are very pleased. What we try to do is not really drive for a day figure, but just do the best we can operationally and then see where it comes out and then tell you why it is different than last time. 
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp.: Okay and then back to the swine flu question. What sort of things do you think youre going to be doing in terms of monitoring and how fast will you know whether people are prophylactically prescribing things like Tamiflu and Relenza, an things like that?
Jim Murray: We were talking about it before the call and Im sure Im going to get an update from the folks who are evaluating just exactly what were seeing in that regard. Until I get an opportunity to get off of this call and go and talk with those folks I really cant update you. But, if we see anything that is significant, we will obviously advise accordingly.
Mike McCallister: Obviously we have good visibility into prescriptions for such things as that. We will know pretty quickly.
Peter Costa - FTN Equity Capital Markets Corp.: Okay, thanks.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ana Gupte with Bernstein Research.
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: I have two specific questions related to reform. The first one is around the Medicare provider payment reform debate that is ongoing in Congress. Also, could you elaborate on how you as a leading Medicare plan are participating, if you are, in that debate, particularly around the advance medical homes raising, PCP pricing and the expense of specialists and do you see that changing the distribution of your HMO and PPO offering or any benefit to that 15% or long-term trend moderation solution?
Mike McCallister: I guess I would say that those are all fine ideas theyre pursuing. I would be somewhat doubtful about the ability to execute on those in any kind of a way that would have a material impact on the marketplace. One of the great ironies as we talk about this whole Medicare reform and changing physician payment methodologies and the pay-per-performance and this endless list of things that people talk about, it is remarkable.  I am in Washington frequently. I will stop at a meeting and I will say you know what you just described with all of this, a managed care plan. At which point you could drop a pin, because nobody wants to think of it like that. So, we do all of the types of things that are being suggested as some sort of a solution. We are better organized because of the way were structured and the way were paid. So, from a pure competitive perspective I dont find much fear in all of this at all. I think the execution difficulties surrounding some of these ideas are huge, given my 30 years at this.  I think Humana is positioned well and I think Medicare Advantage is positioned well. I think it is interesting. It is probably good for the country for those people to pursue these sorts of things for the non-Medicare Advantage membership, but I dont think it affects our business. 
Ana Gupte - Bernstein Research: My second question is around the individual market. You have a very, very strong individual and consumer franchise and if any of these universal access proposals come into play, do you see that any potential underwriting margin compression, even if there were an individual mandate? Do you see that being offset over the long-term because the rule of brokers and broker commissions may change in a different clearinghouse type model?
Mike McCallister:  That will determine how that clearinghouse model works, I believe, as much as anything else. One proposal is that it is more of a clearinghouse for information. Others would like it to have a lot more direct control over the marketplace. Some would like to have the agents and brokers squeezed out of the business. Others are not targeting that. So, again, this is one of those where depending on the details, all of what you described is quite possible  I dont know at this point whether the individual market would even be the place where that connector would have the most impact, because their decision may be to go a different way and you may end up in an effort where you are expanding Medicaid and doing other things to get people that are uninsured into the marketplace. Again, we as an industry, as a company, have very specific proposals about how to set this up so that it works. We will be a part of the conversation through out the summer and I think the end of the day we will have a solid point of view, because we understand the implications of these various choices. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from Matt Perry with Wachovia Capital Markets. 
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets :  First going back to share buy backs, it seems prudent to me that youre kind of building capital on the balance sheet and you have said that volatility in the market is one of the reasons why youre not buying back shares. Can you talk a little more about how those thought processes work between management and the board? What sign would you need to see maybe to think about buying back shares? Then how much does healthcare reform and the significant uncertainty of what might happen if a bill is passed. How much does that inform your opinion on share buy backs?
Jim Bloem: That lateral one does, but before we get to that one, normally in the first half of the year, given where the credit markets are, which you already understand that part of the discussion. But, then there is also the part where we show each of the states that we do business in, we have 34 operating subsidiaries, what we did last year and what our plans are for this year and whats the appropriate amount of capital we think should be kept there.  So, we have those discussions and then we also have meetings with the credit rating agencies regarding what the parent ratings are and then what the claims paying ability of the subs are. We are still in that process and generally every year in the second quarter call we begin to talk about the results of that. That will inform, to use your term, some of whats available. Then we still have, again, we have talked about it all morning, about the uncertainty of health reform and the other things and the credit markets. So, we want to continue to be prudent about it and those will be sort of the things.  The first step would be lets see how discussions go with the states. How much is dividend able, how much needs to be retained, how much needs to be contributed. Then look at what the rating agencies say about the claims paying ability of each of the subs and our parent ratings again, we will look overall. So what we see going forward. That is kind of how the board, the board is active, the board does act; everyone realizes that, that it would be quite accretive to do it, but again, conservation of capital right now is sort of what were doing. Well update you next time.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets : Okay and then a separate question maybe for Mike. I have another healthcare reform question. I think there is a lot of varying opinions on what a public plan would mean to the health insurance industry. What is your take, having spent a lot of time in DC. Do you subscribe to the belief that any public plan, even if it is set up at first to be kind of a level playing field, would eventually morph into something that would pay Medicare rates and crowd out the private sector. Or do you think there is a viable way to set up a public plan that just promotes competition?
Mike McCallister: I dont think it matters much how it starts. I think we know how it ends. All we have to do is look at our Medicare program and we know what happens. That has been around for 40 some years. So, where are we today in Medicare, which is providing healthcare to people in the same way that we do, were financing it. And, you have a government that does price setting with providers, therefore producing a cost shift to the private sector, which this year is in excess of $80 billion. So, the rationale that that somehow is a competitive and effective and efficient program is just outrageous.  My suggestion would be that if it starts even, and frankly I dont know that it would, but if it starts as a level playing field, I think over time it would deteriorate to where they would go back to price setting and doing what the need to for their own budgetary reasons.  So, I think we have to fashion this market so that the private sector, and our industry has proposals on the table to do this, and solve the fundamental problems that are screaming out for this supposed public need for this plan. I think we can solve the problem so that we dont have to have a public option under any scenario, because I think it is a slippery slope to a nationalized healthcare program.  We will be a part of that conversation. We make proposals. We can solve this program without going down that path and the idea that it will be a level playing field, to me, is a goof. It wont be. 
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets : Okay thanks for that perspective. 
Mike McCallister: I will just wrap it up real quick. I think we had a really good quarter. I am really pleased that all of our Medicare projections that we made last year for this year are playing out as predicted. Our Medicare Advantage business is solid. Were benefiting from it as are the consumers, the seniors. I think it continues to be quite solid and I think based on what were looking at in 2010 and beyond we have issues to deal with relative to changes. But, I think it remains a good business that were positive about. Lastly, I want to thank the Humana associates, who are on this call today, for making all of this possible. With that, thank you for joining us.
Operator:  Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen for joining todays Humana conference call. This concludes our conference.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Regina Nethery  Vice President, Investor Relations  Mike McCallister  President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Bloem  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Murray  Chief Operating Officer Chris Todoroff  Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse Charles Boorady - Citigroup Justin Lake - UBS Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer John Rex - J.P. Morgan Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 2008 earnings release conference. (Operator Instructions). Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Regina Nethery: Good morning and thank you for joining us. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our fourth quarter 2008 results as well as comment on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question and answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray our Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes, that replay will be available on Humanas website www.humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slide has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First, our cautionary statement. Certain matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas website as well as on the SEC website. Additionally, investors are advised to read Humanas fourth quarter 2008 earnings press release issued this morning, February 2, 2009. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our website.  Second, this mornings call and slide presentation include references to non-GAAP financial measures. The company believes these non-GAAP measures when presented in conjunction with comparable GAAP measures are useful to both management and its investors in analysing the companys ongoing business and operating performance since the non-GAAP adjustments relate to items that were primarily not related to the underwriting or servicing of our products. Internally, management uses this non-GAAP information as indicative of business performance as well as for operational planning and decision making purposes. Non-GAAP financial measures are to be considered in addition to but not as a substitute for or superior to financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. This slide shows the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures used in conjunction with this presentation.  Finally, any references to earning per share or EPS made in this mornings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that Ill turn the call over to Mike McCallister. 
Mike McCallister: This morning, we reported earnings per share for the fourth quarter of $1.03 and $3.83 for the year. These results are in line with the quarterly guidance we issued in October of $1 to $1.10 per share and our guidance of $3.80 to $3.90 for the full year that we also issued at that time. While 2008 certainly had its challenges, we fully believe those issues are behind us. Though the economic environment continues to be volatile, we feel confident that our businesses are well positioned to succeed. Looking to 2009, we are once again reaffirming our EPS guidance of $5.90 to $6.10 for the full year, which we shared with you in our third quarter 2008 earnings release. This EPS guidance returns Humana to the trajectory of earnings growth we had been experiencing prior to 2008. With 2008 now behind us, we are even more keenly focused on our prospects for 2009 and the future. We continue to view 2009 positively with opportunities across each of our businesses not only to grow but to continue implementing strategic consumer-oriented solutions that proactively address many of the healthcare issues our country is facing. Let me begin with our Medicare business. Looking first at our stand-alone PDP offerings, as expected, we lost a significant number of these members on January 1st. The magnitude of the member loss was greater than we previously had anticipated, but we are confident that our premium and product designs for each of our standalone PDP offerings will return these products to profitability in 2009. As you can see from this chart, the PDP membership attrition was primarily driven by our product design and prices against the benchmark, with over 40% of the decline a result of losing many low-income seniors, some of whom were reassigned to plans to below the benchmark while some others opted not to pay the incremental premium to stay in our plan. Turning now to Medicare Advantage, we are pleased with the results we are seeing thus far with two months left in the enrolment season. In spite of a very competitive environment with many of our competitors offering zero premium private fee-for-service products, we were able to sell 112,000 network-based products to new members and 172,000 new members in total. We were able to transition 65,000 private fee-for-service members to network-based products. We changed the industry paradigm by introducing member premiums, something we believe is an essential element to the future operating model. Approximately 60% of our Medicare Advantage membership is already using our network-based products.  Our 2009 premiums and benefit design for all products are representative of our estimate of likely medical costs, and finally because of all the above as well as our focus on medical care management opportunities, we believe we are uniquely positioned to thrive in future enrolment periods. As weve said in the past, we believe seniors understand value very well, and our achieving 60% of our Medicare Advantage membership using network-based products again reinforces that point.  Seniors are very comfortable with PPOs and HMOs, products theyve come to know in their workplaces. The 65,000 Humana private fee for service members who chose to move to one of our network plans on January 1st are indicative of the satisfaction of our membership and is particularly meaningful given the change we introduced by implementing member premiums. Before addressing our growth prospects in Medicare Advantage this year, let me put to rest a concern that some of youve expressed about the possible risk profile of our membership given nearly all of our 2009 include a member premium. As you know, as you know our payments from CMS are adjusted for the risk score of individual members, but what you may not realize is how precisely the CMS risk-adjusted revenue has historically matched the overall risk profile of our Medicare Advantage membership. As were said in the past, there is only minor variation in the benefit ratio of our Medicare Advantage products. So again, with payments adjusted for risk, as long as the combination of premium and benefit design adequately reflects expected cost, our offerings will produce the results we anticipated when our filed our bids CMS.  Weve spoken about the long-term Medicare opportunities, so lets spend a few moments looking beyond 2009. With rates for 2010 due out April 6th, we are already looking to next year as well as 2011. In meetings with investors, there seems to be a general consensus of questions around, one, will seniors go back to original Medicare when private fee for service goes away; and two, if Medicare Advantage payments are adjusted downward, will we be offer enough benefits to make the products attractive to seniors; and three, will our network offerings be expansive enough to attract seniors accustomed to private fee for service. Ill respond to the first two questions together as theyre related. CMS data shows that less than 1% of the seniors that leave our Medicare Advantage offerings return to original Medicare, with or without a Medigap policy. Simply the Medicare Advantage value proposition is too good. Our products stack up very well against original Medicare, even when its combined with a Medigap policy, and with continued progress in our medical care management model, we fully expect the value we can deliver to seniors could be compelling in 2011 and beyond, since medical spending efficiency provides room for better benefit coverage, lower premiums, or importantly an ability to adjust to changing government payment rates.  As for our network offerings, the work of our provider contracting team is already showing return in terms of the growth in our network based plan membership as referenced earlier, clearly demonstrating seniors willingness to move into network offerings. The combination of the medical care management model, the administrative productivity, and strong networks help us ensure we have a viable Medicare Advantage offering for many years to come.  Why are we confident about the continued viability of our Medicare Advantage products? Again, through disciplined execution around provider network contracting and our medical care management model, we can mitigate medical cost trends, allowing plenty of headroom for incremental benefits for seniors. This coupled with ensuring that seniors have good coverage and are provided guidance around their choices and are financially in a position to make sound choices can represent a real solution to the Medicare crisis that confronts us as taxpayers. At our investor day in November, we shared with you some detail regarding the ways in which we expect to achieve an initial cost mitigation bill of 15% over original Medicare. Today, Id like to highlight a few elements of our medical care management model. These are illustrative of how we engage seniors to try and get ahead of episodic events and work to evaluate seniors help holistically. We are making significant headway in engaging seniors before an episodic event with over 60% of our new Medicare Advantage members completing a health risk assessment. As a result of having prepared this assessment, 18% were identified as candidates for our integrated medical and behavioral health program and 8% were referred to our medical case management program. I have spoken frequently about the power of integration. So, lets spend a moment talking about our integrated medical and behavioral program. With a cost of less than $1 per member per month bridge participants, this program has generated savings of approximately $1.15 to $2 per member per month. More importantly, most of members are experiencing for the first time how much better their health and wellness can be in an organized system. This program along with the multitude of others reinforces our confidence that we achieve or targeted savings and outcomes versus original Medicare. Achieving these savings is a win-win solution. The members win in terms of the value and care they receive and the government wins because over time it offers a solution to the Medicare financial crisis wed all face. In terms of the network activity I mentioned earlier, this charge shows that approximately 80% of our private fee for service members live where a Humana PPO product is available today. That number holds true even with our membership attrition in private fee for service for 2009. With the continuing expansion of our net worth, we anticipate that 94% of our current private fee for service members would have a PPO available to them by 2011. But of course, a potential member has a final key question before joining a Medicare Advantage PPO, is my doctor in the network? Importantly, approximately 75% of the claims we pay for our private fee for service members are paid to doctors that are already part of our PPO network. Our network build-out work has remained robust in the past year and will continue as we close in on 2011. Thus, as our networks expand so will the percentage of claims that we pay to network doctors for private fee for service members making it easy for the member to join to stay with Humana. Again, there were 60% of our members that had already chosen our network products. As I mentioned before, were working to drive efficiency in both medical and administrative spending. Our approach has been to reinvest these savings to further build-out our capabilities. As a result, our medical care model gets increasingly better and more broadly applied to our business every year. These improved processes in turn lead to enhanced value for our seniors as we simultaneously mitigate medical cost trend and produce better health outcomes. This slide shows some of the administrative process improvements to which Im referring. These examples are but a few of the many administrative cost opportunities that collectively can make a real difference in lower cost. Process improvements start by having associates who are engaged in their day-to-day activities, and as we say here, bring their A game to work. Associates who enjoy what theyre doing translates to customer, in this case, senior customers who understand the value of our products and services. Engaged associates also facilitate the operational improvements shown on this slide, which as I said earlier, produce savings that were able to invest in more value offerings for the customers we serve. The work were doing is critical to our company and our stake holders. It benefits our members, young and old. It benefits employers, it benefits the government, they need our help. We see the challenges of our healthcare system as opportunities. Its clear governments role in healthcare will growth while at the same time the healthcare market will growth at a multiple of the overall economy. Obviously, this is a defining time for our company in our industry. The expressed willingness of the new administration to adopt sweeping change, its eagerness to take on fundamental problems not just in healthcare but across the board, and todays fiscal pressures mean that this may be our best chance to achieve meaningful improvement in healthcare for the United States. As the administration works toward healthcare reform, Humana is prepared to play major positive role bringing to bare the elements outlined on the slide. I spent a lot of time on our Medicare operations this morning, but let me also provide brief updates on our military services and commercial businesses. As previously disclosed, we submitted a bid on the south region for the next round of TRICARE contracts. While we have no definitive date for the related award announcement, we anticipate that a decision is likely some time before June of this year when the transition period for the new contract is set to begin. However, a specific date is not set and the Department of Defense may decide to take a while before reaching a determination. In the interim, we have signed agreements with the Department of Defense for additional auction periods with the first extending through March 2010 and two more 6-month period extensions to follow, all to be exercised at the discretion of the Department of Defense. Turning to our commercial business, the good news there is that the operating results for each of our medical lines of business are on track. We continue to anticipate membership being relatively flat this year with gains in strategic areas such as small group and individual and losses in large group and mid-market accounts netting out by year end. Pricing continues to be generally rational with some pockets of outlier activity and we dont see anything that would case a major shift in medical cost trends. Were also excited about the opportunity to see some of our newly acquired supplemental and voluntary product lines growth. With the exception of the impact upon the segments net investment income, our commercial business thus far has seen only minimal disruption with respect to the countrys economic turmoil. In summary, with 2008 now behind us, we are confident in our prospects for 2009. Our Medicare Advantage business is on target with a substantial number of members choosing PPOs well ahead of 2011. Our segment-specific focus in the commercial business continues to drive improving earnings and our belief that aligning with the interest of consumers provides the best opportunities for our business has never been stronger. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
James H. Bloem:  Good morning everyone. Lets start with our fourth quarter results. As Mike mentioned, were pleased to report that the operating performance of each of our business segments was in line with our prior expectations. We did incur approximately $10 million or $0.04 per share of other than temporary impairments in our investment portfolio. This was a factor in our reported earnings per share being slightly below the midpoint of our previous guidance of $1 to $1.10 per share. Moving on to 2009, I will focus my remarks on the following 6 items. First, three fairly minor changes in our 2009 earnings per share guidance points which have occurred since November. Taken together, they dont affect our previously announced 2009 EPS guidance range of $5.90 to $6.10; second, the anticipated quarterly progression of our expected 2009 overall Medicare benefit ratio; third, the outlook for our commercial segment operations; fourth, our expectations for 2009 quarterly earnings seasonality; fifth, our investment portfolio and the income; and finally, our capital liquidity as we begin 2009. Turning first to 2009 earnings per share, were pleased to reiterate our previous guidance of $5.90 to $6.10. While the fundamental operating performance of our business segments has not changed, we have had three noteworthy changes in our guidance components since November. In total, these 3 items essentially net each other out. First, we reduced our forecast for investment income by approximately $45 million versus our last forecast. I will elaborate on this change of approximately $0.17 per share in a few minutes. Second, we expect a favorable resolution of a contingent tax matter in the first quarter of 2009. This will result in an effective tax rate of 28% to 30% for the first quarter which in turn lowers our anticipated full year tax rate by approximately 100 basis points or $0.10 per share versus the prior forecast. And finally, we now anticipate the recognition of approximately $15 million in revenue associated with a 3-year CMS demonstration project called Green Ribbon Health. Green Ribbon Health studied the impact of disease management programs on a defined human population. The nature of our arrangement with CMS required Humana to expense costs as incurred while deferring any potential revenue. The exact amount of any revenue to be recognized was contingent on the specific outcomes obtained. Based on the final outcome data, we expect to recognize approximately $15 million or $0.06 earnings per share of previously deferred revenue during the third quarter. Now, I will comment on our expectations for 2009 operating results for our two business segments. Turning first to Medicare, we expect improvement in our pre-tax operating margin as a result of our correction of the stand-alone PDP error that impacted our earnings throughout 2008 as is shown on this slide. As weve discussed many times, the declining float of the overall Medicare benefit ratio as the calendar year progresses generally is driven by planned designs associated with Medicare Part D benefits. Weve analyzed our 2008 claims experience for the approximately 924,000 members that left our PDP plans in January, and were comfortable that we do not incur any overall materially adverse selection. Additionally, to confirm this observation, weve examined prescription drug claims incurred in the first 26 days of January and are comfortable that the run rates that are being incurred this year are in line with our forecasting models. On the Medicare Advantage side, we expect to achieve our target margins since were very comfortable with our pricing discipline and benefit designs around these combined medical and drug plans. Additionally, as we continue to realize improvements around our medical care management model as illustrated by some of the initiatives that Mike just described, we continue to regain further assurance that we can deliver our pre-tax operating margin target as well as competitively position ourselves favorably for future years. Turning next to the commercial segment, we anticipate 2009 pre-tax earnings in the range of $270 million to $290 million. This is an approximately $30 million lower than our previous guidance due to the reduction in expected investment income not into the operating performance of the commercial segment. Otherwise, our commercial segment lines of business continue to perform well. The performance continues to be driven by the following 5 factors: First, our consumer focus strategy; second, our sustained pricing and underwriting discipline; third, our continuous benefit expense trend analysis and forecasting; fourth, our integrated guidance solution and our medical care management model; and finally, we have a well-balanced membership portfolio. Year 2008 marked another year of delivering benefit expense ratios in line with pricing expectations. We continue to experience stable cost trends in the 6% to 7% range on a same-store basis with net trends in the 3% or 4% range. As weve discussed before, these lower net cost trends, reflect the effects of changes in business mix including increasing membership in our lower cost networks and our relative business mix between fully insured group sizes. With respect to secular cost trend components, that is the annualized trend before benefit buy-downs, there were no surprises during 2008. We saw inpatient utilization trends come in a bit favorable versus our expectations for 2008 and we expect a relatively flat trend in 2009. For both inpatient and outpatient hospital rates, we experienced the trend in the mid to upper single digits for 2008 and expect roughly the same for this year. Physician cost trends averaged in the mid single digits in line with our forecast. And finally, as expected, prescription drug trends were in the mid to high single digits. Based on our ongoing deep dive analysis of benefit-expense trend factors, we dont foresee any significant changes to the components of our cost trends as we move into 2009. We continually assess cost trends in order to ensure that we keep our pricing where it needs to be. Now, lets pull together each of the items that I just covered and combine them with some of our other regularly discussed seasonality factors such as the timing of the Medicare selling season and the ongoing growth of commercial membership in high deductible health plans. The result of this synthesis which is summarized on the slide is an implied 2009 quarterly earnings pattern that is back half weighted just as has it been the case since the initial Medicare Part D roll-out in 2006. However, for 2009, the pattern is not as heavily back weighted as in the past due to the just described expected first quarter tax rate benefit combined with the continuing growth in high deductible health plans in our commercial plans. Since high deductible health plans tend to have a benefit ratio that behaves inversely to the PDP driven overall Medicare benefit ratio pattern, the relative waiting of the first and second half of this years earnings are closer this year. So accordingly, our first quarter earnings per share guidance of the $1.10 to $1.20 represents approximately 20% of our expected full years earnings which is a bit higher than what weve seen in the last few years. Turning next to our investments, our $7.2 billion portfolio continues to benefit from broad diversification, appropriate duration, and a high credit quality. With $10 million or $0.04 per share of additional impairments recorded in the fourth quarter, our total investment write-downs for 2008 were $119.5 million or 1.7% of the average portfolio balance for the year. The $10 million of fourth quarter impairment consisted of 12 securities from 11 issuers. Just as in the third quarter, you can get further detail on our portfolio composition from our recently added statistical page as 13 of this mornings press release. At December 31, 2008, we had approximately $232 million of total net unrealized investment losses. That was 9.4% lower than the $254 million we had at September 30th. As of January 28, 2009, our total net unrealized losses were approximately $202 million. Based on continuing dislocations in the credit markets both in the fourth quarter and through January, weve lowered our expected 2009 investment income from a range of $370 to $385 million to a range of $325 to $345 million. This is approximately $45 million decrease in investment income represents roughly 55 basis points on an approximate $8 billion of 2009 average invested balance. The 55 basis points decline in expected investment yield results from the following: First, the effect of the federal reserves establishment and continuation of a 0 to 25 basis point targeted federal funds rates since mid December. The new target represents a 75 to 100 basis points decline from its October 29th announced target. Second, continued weakness in the economy which is reflected by a widely held consensus of the economists is now expected to last throughout 2009 rather than just in the first half. Now the second factor is also reflected in fewer new debt issuances which meet our investment guidelines for short duration, adequate liquidity, and high credit quality. These factors require us to maintain higher cash and cash equivalent balances than we originally anticipated, all at historically low yields which again by a widely held consensus are not expected to change materially for the year. Turning last to capital and liquidity, as demonstrated by the following 4 points, we continue to both have and conserve ample capital and liquidity in these uncertain times. First, cash flow from operations was $1 billion in 2008, and were reaffirming our 2009 guidance of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. The primary driver of the year-over-year increase is the expected increase in net income this year. Second, we have $750 million in remaining availability under our $1 billion revolving credit agreement after having completed the cash acquisition of Cariten Health Care for $253 million in the fourth quarter. Our bank facility remains effective until July 2011. Third, our debt to total capital ratio at December 31st was 30.3%, at the top end of our 25% to 30% target range. As previously disclosed, we expect to repay the Cariten acquisition driver in the first half of 2009, which together with the anticipated net income will both restore the revolver to its full availability and return the debt to total capital ratio within our targeted range. Finally, we continue to carry significant levels of aggregate statutory surplus in capital than our state regulated operating subsidiaries. While the exact amounts will not be available until the second quarter after the individual state reports are filed and discussed with the respective departments of insurance in the credit rating agencies, we maintain our expectation that we should be able to dividend $500 million from the subsidiaries to the parent versus $296 million in 2008. In addition, we expect capital contributions to the operating subsidiaries to be less than $243 million in 2008. As usual, we will update these amounts in our second quarter 2009 earnings conference call in early August after the process is complete. So, in conclusion, were pleased with how 2008 played out although it certainly did not meet our expectations of a year ago. The continued lessons learned and processes developed both in 2008 and in prior years give us confidence in the reiterated earnings guidance we are giving today. As we enter 2009, the operating discipline and financial strength of Humana have never been greater. With that, well open the phone lines for questions. We request that each caller ask only two questions in fairness to those still waiting in the queue.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question is from Joshua Raskin from Barclays Capital.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  My question relates to the migration of the private fee for service license to the PPO and some of them to the HMO networking; maybe Mike if you could help us understand the difference in cost structures in terms of your visibly run medical and admin costs, where did they line up or Humana currently versus the traditional fee for service sort of benchmarks?
James E. Murray :  The way that I would think about it is that for the private fee for service, the cost structure is probably 5% to 10% below the regional PPO and the local PPO is probably another 5% or so percent different from that. The way I try to think about it is that the premiums on the regional PPOs will likely one day be about $100 to $150, the local PPO will be $50 to $100, and the HMO will be somewhere around 0 to $50 some time in the future. That kind of gives you a sense for the different values that can be achieved. So, if I were a senior and I was looking at some of the different offerings of private fee for service, Im probably saving $20 to $30 per member per month by moving from a private fee for service into a regional or local plan.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  So then it sounds like when you said eventually the local PPOs will still be something in the ball-park of $50 pmpm were expensive than the HMO, is that a fair way to look at it?
James E. Murray:  Yes.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  Okay, thats helpful.
Michael B. McCallister:  Josh, theres another thing I think we should think about; now is the time to really move people into PPOs because the payments rates are such that it gives us more flexibility in terms of product offerings and the level of benefits and all other things. The issues over time relative to that to get people to switch, one is the benefit, one is the premium, all that stuff is in place; I think its smart to go now and really emphasize the PPOs, and thats what weve done. Weve taken advantage of where we are from a payment perspective to begin that process now as opposed to waiting for 2011. I said many times in 2011 people will sit down and make a value judgment about what they want to have and Im pretty comfortable theyre going to make the right call and the rest of them, however, many are still left will probably move to a PPO, we expect them to, or an HMO, but I think the timing is now to be moving to PPO and thats what weve tried to do here.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  That makes sense. And then a followup on that, the 65,000 switch that you guys transitioned out of your old private fee for service into network based products, one, can I assume those were all into PPOs, and then two, how did that 65,000 come in versus your expectation?
James E. Murray:  Generally, almost all of those moved into PPOs, some did go to HMOs, and that was significantly above our expectations. In total, we sold 258,000 gross members and included in that were 86,000 plan to plan changes as we call it member selecting are different options and the strong majority of those were into network based plan. So, were really excited about that because it was a really good movement towards the next couple of years, moving almost all of our private fee for service members into network based options. So, we feel like we got an incredible start on that process.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  Just so I understand this, the 65 was well above your expectations?
James E. Murray:  Yes.
Operator:  The next question is from Gregory Nersessian from Credit Suisse.
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  My first question again on the private fee for services, just wondering from a competitive standpoint, are you seeing any new competitors entering in any of your private fee for service markets with network based options that you hadnt seen before, and then also, how has the provider contracting behavior been relative to your expectations from competitors, are they contracting rationally or do you see some aggressiveness on that?
James E. Murray:  Im assuming youre referring to Medicare contracting, so Ill answer your first question. One of the phenomenon that we had this January as weve said in the past is that some of our competition has significantly expanded their 0 premium private fee for service offerings in many of those markets that we operate in and that has significantly impacted our growth for January of this year. In terms of whether we see those competitors creating new network based options, were not seeing significant growth from our competitors in network based options, we are seeing one or two of our competitors growing private fee for service but were not seeing significant growth in PPOs or HMOs from the competition.
Michael B. McCallister :  Ill take the contracting piece, Greg, I dont anticipate at the end of the day when it comes to contracting for Medicare business that any of the payers are going to be treated materially different. Weve decided from the very beginning that we were going to have to make this work, paying providers at least what the government was paying; you werent going to be able to make this work unless you could find spending efficiency somewhere else than the actual clinical care. My experience so far with the hospitals is they are very willing to do business with us at the level the government pays them, but to do better than that is unlikely. So, I think its about speed in execution in relationships when it comes to the actual hospital contracting and whether they trust you to be a good partner in terms of being at least as good as the government or better in terms of payment, speed, and accuracy, and that sort of things. Weve had good experience these, so thats why the networks have built-up as effectively as they have.
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay, great, and then if I could just ask a quick followup for Jim. Given the drop in the PDP enrollment, how do you think that might impact the DCP and then also the seasonality of the cash flow next year, should we expect an uptake in the DCP next year?
James H. Bloem:  No, I think basically what weve said before the big thing in the cash flow as we said is really the income. Its still very early to look at every thing and there would be no change that we could perceive based on the days in claims payable.
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay, its the same range?
Regina Nethery: Just to clarify, the days in claims payable calculation that we disclosed does not include stand-along PDP.
James H. Bloem:  Just to clarify, the profitability of the PDP is going to improve over last year, so I would anticipate that that will improve our cash flows
Michael B. McCallister:  I think its reflected in income, that range is still based on the change in income.
Operator:  The next question is from Charles Boorady from Citigroup.
Charles Boorady - Citigroup:  Approximately what percent of the roughly 180,000 have a drug users that you pointed to 08 as causing the shortfall in your Part D profitability are still enrolled in one of your plans this years?
Michael B. McCallister:  We dont have the exact percentage, Charles, but we did lose some number of those members. We had anticipated keeping some of them, and as we look at the PDP result in the main, because we shrunk more than we thought we were going to shrink, obviously our underwriting results because of the less revenue have decreased, but some of the conservatives in that we built into some of our assumptions around the risk mix of business that we were going to keep seem to be playing out better than we anticipated. So, in the main, our underwriting results overall for the PDP look to be pretty solid, and as Jim said in his remarks, weve looked at the claim payments in the month January and we feel very good about how those are coming in relative to our projections and our ultimate view for 2009s profitability on the PDP.
Charles Boorady  Citigroup:  What are some specific things that youre doing or looking at this year that you did not do last year to try to identify any potential shortfall so that we get a earlier read than we did in 08 on the risk of your book?
Michael B. McCallister:  Every day I look at the claim payments relative to the PDP membership, were looking at the risk mix of the PDP membership; were looking at the utilization of our RightSource facility, thats our mail-order facility; were looking at our generic dispensing rate on the MA side; were looking at daily receipt information; were looking at utilization information; were studying the tapes that we get in from CMS to the risk mix of the business that we sold and lost, and so were doing quite a bit to get ourselves comfortable with the guidance that weve put out there today.
Charles Boorady - Citigroup: Can you clear; these are things that youre doing this year that you were not doing last year, Jim?
James H. Bloem: Were doing them much more vigorously and identifying new opportunities to evaluate data that makes us feel much more comfortable than we did at this point last year.
Charles Boorady - Citigroup: Last year, it was early March, but what point this year do you think youll get to the same degree of confidence in your guidance for this year?
Michael B. McCallister: As respect to the PDP and the MA, its today.
Operator: The next question is from Justin Lake from UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS: Just a couple of questions on the commercial side; one, the MLR in the quarter was a little bit higher, and I know you pointed to the greater seasonality from selling high deductible plans; given we didnt see that last year in the numbers, can you give us some color around how much more high deductible numbers should we have this year than last year, as a percentage?
Michael B. McCallister: The percentage is about 55% higher, and we did have some last year if you look at how last year went through the year, we did allude to it being a factor, but then it was 11% of the total fully insured book, its like I said its sub 65%, its around 225,000.
James E. Murray: The way I look at the overall commercial result, I look to the full years medical expense ratio and it improved this year versus last, and the only thing that I look to is some of the discussion that weve had in prior quarters and in New York when we were there in terms of this year being a year where were focusing on improving our margins and delivering late increases that are designed to do that. So, I feel very good about how were starting 2009 in terms of our commercial opportunities.
Justin Lake - UBS: On the topline for the commercial business, it looks like you left the numbers relatively similar to your third quarter guidance, is that just buy-downs or is there anything else were seeing out there that that you think are conservative?
Michael B. McCallister: Actually, when we saw what the membership came in and the composition of that in terms of ASO and some of our smaller group and our individual, what were thinking for the year, we put all those together and that really explains the change in the amount.
Justin Lake - UBS: Is there anything you can talk to as far as the impact of the economy on your membership for next year?
James E. Murray: I have read some of our competitors investor call write-ups and I guess as I think about us were different in terms of our makeup, we dont have as many national accounts as some of our competitors and I think a lot of the write-off news that we read about everyday is somewhat focused on the larger companies and to the extent that some of those larger companies are laying off folks, I think theyre going and starting their own businesses, and so, although it would be nave of me to think that were not going to see some implications due to the economic crisis in our membership base, I dont think were getting hit as significantly as some of the competition, particularly with some of the lines that we focus on, the individual where some folks are going to need some coverage, and so I would expect that well see some pickup as a result of that in the small group business. Although, again, it would be nave to think were going to go without any issues related to it. I think were a little bit differently constructed than some of the competition.
Michael B. McCallister: Justin, if you go back, weve been talking for a couple of years about the synergy between small group and individual, this is a place in this kind of economic period where thats actually going to be quite important because there will be pressure on not only the big companies but everyone. Smaller employers have been dropping coverage for years and it could accelerate to some extent, but we havent seen any evidence of it yet, but it could happen, and the beauty of it is by having the individual business there and having enough maturity and experience with it to actually take advantage of picking up that business as things change, I think its going to turn out to be good for us, but we havent seen a lot of impact yet, as Jim said, it is inevitable that things will tighten up a little bit, but when you look at the implication of the growing uninsured and the unemployed and you spread it across the entire industry, the impact on a particular company, the going would have to get awfully bad before you would see, I would think, material impact on a single company.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: First question; it looks like you boosted your other revenue guidance by around $30 million. Any particular factors you can cite around that?
Michael B. McCallister: As Jim mentioned, were continuing to focus on our RightSource, our mail order pharmacy, and I think generally more transactions, more emphasis for that for the commercial business is generally what made that change. We also had $15 million, as I mentioned, in Green Ribbon Health, I mentioned that in my remarks, thats deferred revenue and thats where it shows up when itll come in in the third quarter.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Just a followup around cost trends; it looks like you tweaked down your inpatient utilization trend, you are just a smidge to flattish, but also increased at the same time your outpatient utilization also just slightly so; just wondering was there a mix shift that youre seeing thats driving just that that changes the margin or any other variables that you can describe?
James H. Bloem: The only thing that I would throw out is that we have some initiatives around utilization opportunities. Weve hired some more nurses than we had in the past to focus on a new project, and we think that thats beginning to pay some dividends, and there is some increase in outpatient utilization that is more difficult to get at, but in terms of the offset in the inpatient saving that were seeing significantly outweigh the outpatient increases that were seeing, so we like that.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: If I could just sneak one last quick one just on the CMS demo on the MHS payment in the third quarter, will that be nonrecurring payment in terms if you only expect that in the third quarter or other opportunities in 2010 to generate additional revenue CMS after that?
Michael B. McCallister: Not with that particular project. So, itll in the third of 09 only.
James H. Bloem: Thats a true statement. The one thing that I would throw out is that because we had the opportunity to participate in that program weve internalized those resources and theyre a part of the initiatives that we talked about when we were in New York in terms of getting our medical spend 15% below Medicare. Were very pleased with some of the progress that were making with that program. We now call that Humanicare which focuses on the top 22,000 folks that need complex care management, and so, our participation in that program will serve us well going forward. Weve been participating in all these Medicare pilot projects over the last 10 years. Weve learned a lot, some of them worked and some of them havent, this is one where we liked what we saw because it was a project targeted at the absolute sickest, most frail seniors in the population, and so as Jim says we like what we saw. The pilot is over, the project is over, but weve internalized the good learnings we had from that one. It is already part of our clinical model.
Operator: The next question is from Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: I wanted to spend a minute on the attrition in Medicare Advantage. You said previously that the private fee for service attrition was higher than you anticipated. Do you have any insight into the kind of membership youre losing, is it mostly the zero dollar premium fee for service members that are going to similar plans of competitors?
James H. Bloem: Yes, but we looked at the loss inside state and where our value proposition is stacked up, and I can point to a number of states where our products last year were zero premium and we took the premium about anywhere from $18 to $48 per member per month, and the competition in those states is at a zero premium still and thats where the lions share of our losses came from.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: Alright. At this point, have you done any analysis in terms of looking at the 2008 profitability of the members you lost in January versus the profitability of the overall Medicare book?
James H. Bloem: Mike referenced in his remarks that we slice and dice our membership in terms of trying to figure out medical costs spent by the different categories, and generally speaking, when we look at the different categories because of the risk premium that CMS pays us, our membership is fairly evenly distributed. There are a couple of categories that we referred to as LIS and disabled where the medical expense ratio is higher, but still acceptable, and were pretty pleased with where were at today relative to our membership compliment this year compared with last year as respect to all that analysis that weve done.
Operator: The next question is from John Rex from J.P. Morgan.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: Just a question on MA and gross sales in that, just wanted to be clear, you said it was about 160,000 gross losses, is that correct, in total on the MA book? And then to compare the churn in the book, January 09 over January 09 in terms of magnitude, and then following in the risk profile, the average risk of a member leaving versus the average risk against your total book or the members that youre picking up?
James H. Bloem: Ill call out some numbers and hopefully it will hit all of our questions. We had what I referred to earlier as 258,000 gross sales. I say that because our market point representatives, our career agency for us, sat across the table with all of our existing members and talked about the different opportunities and value that existed in all of our products. So, they re-sold in our minds 250,000 gross new or sale. Included in that, and I am not trying to confuse you, were 86,000 what we call plan-to-plan changes, where generally a private fee for service member chose to go into a network based option which left us with net new sales of 172,000. So, members who were not part of our book before, the lion share or 65% of those were into network based options, we were really excited about that; most of the sale, 65% of them, chose network based plans, and then the terms that I think you referenced were around 162,000 after you take out the plan-to-plan changes. And again, to the risk score, we really frankly dont care about what our risk score is because we get revenue from the government that adjusts for the changing risk scores, and so again, as I said earlier and Mike commented too in his remarks, the revenue that we get for each of our Medicare members is fairly adequate to cover the cost for that membership, and so the medical expense ratios for the various members that we get are generally in the same ballpark, and so, were not too concerned about what the risk scores are period to period. I talked a little bit about the membership that we refer to as LIS, low income subsidy, or disabled, where the medical expense ratios are slightly higher, but not significantly higher, but again, as we sit here today, were pleased with our mix risk, and we feel very good about the guidance that we just provided.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: Is it fair to surmise then that the risk scores of the incoming members are on average higher than the risk scores of the members that you lost?
James H. Bloem: Generally in the same ballpark as they were in 2008.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: I am not so sure, what does that mean? The risk scores of members that you lost were the same as the risk scores of members you gained, or they were higher or lower?
James H. Bloem: Our book of membership as we are here at January 31, 2009, end of the selling period, are just about the same as the risk scores for the membership that we had at the end of the year.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and no difference between the members that were lost, the 160,000 members that were lost, and the 170,000 members that were added, in terms of risk score?
James H. Bloem: No.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: Okay. So, what were just trying to get at, there was no adverse selection, and again, I understand the risk
James H. Bloem: Thats absolutely correct.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I thought so. I just wanted to clarify that. The Part D payments look like theyre up in the quarter. Were there some risk adjustor payments received, and if so, can you quantify how much?
James H. Bloem: I dont have that information at my fingertips, but I think the answer is correct.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, there were some, but again, looking at it in totality for the year, if I am not mistaken, everything is in line.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Any kind of gut sense on how much was received in the quarter on the Part D risk assessors?
Michael B. McCallister: Well, these are accruals and theyre not payments themselves. Yes, I think this reflects how the year turned out for the closing.
Operator: The next question is from Ana Gupte from Sanford C. Bernstein.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein: My question is about your network contracting rates; I think you mentioned that is in the mid to upper single digits and youre seeing no chance from this year going into the next year whereas some of your competitors are talking about upward pressure on unit cost, severity spikes, and so on with the economy; so I was wondering if you are expecting to see any change or are seeing any changes, and if not, why not; and then the second part to that question is, youve mentioned hospital contracts being an ancillary contracting changes as one of the ways to bring your trend down; do you see that as a risk in anyway with whats going on with hospitals and bad debt in the economy?
James H. Bloem: Let me start with the question. Its important to look at these companies all differently when it comes to whats happening with hospital negotiations and contracting because what happens is its often a function of where youre starting from and where you are relative to others in the marketplace. If you follow what Id been saying for about the last four or five years there is a movement among hospitals to get payers to a single rate or something as close to that as they can achieve because they have no rationale for differentiating among payers because all of these members are so big that the idea of moving business around has sort of fallen away. Thats a 100,000 foot view of the world. So, the implications are, if you have the lowest priced networks in the community against others that are paying those same providers more, youre going to be under more pressure in price increases than they are. Now, its going to vary by market, by payer, by circumstance, situation; to try and compare exactly company to company is probably a little dangerous in this evolving environment.
Ana Gupte - Sanford C. Bernstein: One followup; on one of your slides you had privacy members at risk and networks owning the build-out in the north eastern California, is that moving more slowly than in the other areas where youve got all the blue and looks like youre doing well on network build-out?
James H. Bloem: Those, Ana, are areas that we havent really emphasized the yellow on that sheet, basically where were at risk because there are multiple competitive offerings in those areas. If you look at where weve been concentrating on a program and concentrating all of our efforts over time, the states where that yellow appears are now strong states for us. The states where the grey appears is just the fact that theres just a dearth of private fee for service or competitive offerings period. And again, what were very proud of is that if you look at the map, one is, how protected is the business we have today, which says the yellow PPO ready for 2011 and the network that will support it, the answer from that map is yes. Then the question is, given that map, is there a growth opportunities in Medicare after 2011 in the movement to full network product offerings, and if you look at the total, I dont have that off the top of my head, but the total Medicare population in all those blue states that are highlighted, its quite large. So, were not focused on the other states is that frankly we dont see that as a big opportunity for us. We may eventually find our way there, and in fact, we have got people there that are interested in us being there, but were dealing with this mid-term question of whether we can be ready for 2011; yes, and is there is growth after we do; yes, and we intend to be a fully national player in all those locations eventually, but its just not a high priority right now.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Perry from Wachovia Capital Markets.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: I wanted to get into a little more detail on the members you were able to move from private fee for service to PPO. First, wasnt quite sure if the number you cited, the 65,000, was simply from the open enrollment period or does that also include some switches in January; and then how do you think about the potential of switching more members in January, February, and March, or do you think its mostly just going to happen during open enrollment? You also said it was above your expectation, and I would like to know, what did you learn as your agents talked and sat down with these members; when they switched, why was it, and what have you learned that might even help you next year move more members over?
James E. Murray: The numbers that weve cited were through January 31st effective, and when we sat down with the folks and chatted with them what we learned was that the relationship that weve developed over the last number of years that theyve been a member of ours had served us well in terms of their desire to work with us to try to find products that give them additional value. We feel very good about the fact that we had an over-the-kitchen-table conversation with these folks and 65,000 of the private fee for service members chose to go into some of our network based products which tells us that as we move through the remainder of our private fee for service members over the next several years, that a similar kind of event and result can happen which is something that weve said for a period of time that folks who are comfortable and familiar with PPOs and HMOs are very willing to go in that direction if value exists. The one thing that I would throw out that weve also learned is that the financial situation that we find ourselves in as a country somewhat impacted some of the activities that took place towards the end of the year, and in part, had something to do with some of the members choosing to go to some of our competitors plans because of the zero premium dynamic that existed, and that was unfortunate in terms of timing for us, but a lot of learnings that were going to apply and we feel good about what might happen in the OEP with similar kinds of result as we have these across-the-table conversations. So we feel very good about our first step toward moving folks into network based options, lots of learning and things that were going to do to try to continue that process over the next couple of years.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: Just to squeeze one more in; do you think that over the long term, the PPO is a slightly higher margin or moderately higher margin product than the private fee for service has been?
James H. Bloem: As weve said time and time again, our target for these products is a 5% margin, and to the extent that they provide additional opportunities for us to enhance benefits or lower premiums, were going to take that and were going to keep reconciling to the 5% margin that weve spread out there. We think thats the right answer, we think that gets more people in for the program, and we think that provides the solution that the government is looking for to this crisis that confronts us.
Operator: The final question is from Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Just wondering if you could give us a little bit more information on the commercial enrollment outlook; specifically, I think you said that net for the year you expect total commercial enrollment to be flat, can you break out what you expect fee based versus fully insured, and if you have any view of where you think small group is going versus how much growth you expect in individuals?
James H. Bloem: One of the dynamics that were dealing with is that we lost an 80,000-member network-based ASO account in January, not much fee from a network rental arrangement, but it does count in our membership, and so thats something that were overcoming for the remainder of the year. So we start January with a reduction. In terms of the different lines of businesses that we think about; individual, we think well have a nice solid year, we see some pretty solid growth coming from our individual book of business; small group, weve delivered some rate increases that we think were called for, and in the environment that we were operating in over the last year or so, we think there was an opportunity to increase our premiums on the small group block, and so, we see that flattish for the year. Large group, which we define as 300 to 3000 is generally probably going to be flattish, and as I referenced earlier, our national accounts business starts the year in a little bit of a hole, obviously national accounts business renews in January, and so nothing much will happen for the remainder of the year there. So, thats why weve guided to flattish. When you add all those pieces together, I think the individual, and maybe a little bit from the large group, will offset the losses that weve seen in national accounts and well end the year flat, but as I said earlier, focusing on delivering some premium increases that are going to be targeted at increasing our margins.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: It just seems a little bit difficult to reconcile that with whats happening in the economic environment. I heard your remarks earlier. Its just that I would think that those segments where youre flat would have to reflect some market share gain, but I realize youre talking about putting through some price increases that maybe, if I am reading on the margins, are perhaps above the market; so, can you just help me to understand that a little bit better?
James H. Bloem: I can just speak to what weve seen over the last several months, and as weve delivered on what I just described, and Im talking about what weve historically seen for the last quarter in terms of gross activities and where thats taking us for the remainder of the year to the extent that the economic situation begins to significantly impact the small group markets, then I would change what Im saying right now, but based upon the last several months, weve seen some relatively solid individual growth, our small group membership has been flattish, large group is flat to slightly up, and the national accounts as I described in January we saw a loss of the one large account. So, when I look at what weve historically seen and what Im hearing from the marketplace, I dont anticipate any significant changes although to the extent that the economy and some of whats going on there continues to hit some of the lines of businesses that I just referenced; there maybe some changes that we havent seen as yet.
Michael B. McCallister: In addition to that, we continue to focus on controlling your own trend and showing people how they can really mitigate these increases by their own behavior and by good guidance from us in our clinical programs and stuff. We think that thats also a differentiator between us and the other people that Im sure your question is alluding to. Thank you for joining us this morning. Id like to just reiterate that the fourth quarter of 08 was a really good quarter for us. 2008 had its challenges, very narrowly focused really in the PDP space, which are behind us. 2009 is going to have us return to I think the best earnings growth rate in this industry. I think 2009 is also a very big year in terms of getting clarity around the long-term nature of the Medicare Advantage program as we play through the politics and the decisions that have to be made around how the private sector is going to play here in the Medicare space. I am very comfortable that at the end of the day we have a wonderful opportunity. The government does need us, many there do know that. Our consumer products continue to be attractive; its the best margin and the highest retention rates we have in our book, and were glad to see them continue to grow. And lastly, I want to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call for their great work that made this possible and made 2009 such a bright opportunity for us. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-27 07:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Murray - Chief Operating Officer Chris Todoroff - Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Justin Lake  UBS Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers Charles Boorady  Citigroup Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse Peter Costa  FTN Midwest Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer Anu Gupta  Sanford Bernstein Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch Bryan Wright  Banc of America Securities  
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana third quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Regina Nethery: Good morning and thank you for joining us, particularly at this very early hour. Given market volatility over the past several weeks, our team has worked together to ensure our financial results were released more quickly than we had previously anticipated, but with the same level of confidence and comprehensive detail that investors have come to expect from Humana. Previous scheduling commitments resulted in the unusually early time for the earnings release and conference call today, so we fully anticipate being back to our standard timing of a 6 oclock a.m. release and a 9 oclock a.m. conference call next quarter. In a moment, Mike McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our third quarter 2008 results as well as comment on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks we will open up the lines for a question and answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes, that replay will be available on Humanas website www.humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before we begin our discussion, I need to cover a few other items. First our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas website as well as on the SEC website. Additionally, investors are advised to read Humanas third quarter 2008 earnings press release issued this morning, October 27, 2008. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our website. Second, this mornings call and slide presentation include references to non-GAAP financial measures. The company believes that these non-GAAP measures when presented in conjunction with comparable GAAP measures are useful to both management and its investors in analyzing the companys ongoing business and operating performance since the non-GAAP adjustments relate to items that were primarily not related to the underwriting or servicing of our products. Internally, management uses this non-GAAP information as indicative of business performance as well as for operational planning and decision making purposes. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered an addition to but not substitute for or superior to financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. This slide details the reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures used in conjunction with this presentation. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made in this mornings call refer to the diluted earnings per common share. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mike McCallister. 
Mike McCallister: Thank you for joining us this morning. As you know, today we reported third quarter earnings of $1.09 per share. These results include realized losses of $0.40 per share, primarily associated with other than temporary investment impairments. Excluding those investment losses, our operating results were $1.49 per share in the quarter, at the upper end of our prior guidance of $1.45 to $1.50. Because our investment portfolio is large, diverse, and conservatively managed, we were fairly well immunized against the negative effects of the world financial situation during the quarter. Jim Bloem will discuss the adjustments made to our invested assets this quarter in his remarks. The quarters major takeaway is that all our important operating metrics came in as planned. Moreover with just two months left in the calendar year, the end of the PDP issue we disclosed in March is plainly in sight. Nothing in the third quarter caused us to change our view of the previously discussed impact of this issue on our 2008 full year results. As I said on the last two calls, the situation was only confined only to PDP, has no effect on our other operations, and will not adversely impact our result in future years.  Turning now to 2009, in light of the favorable operating results noted above and our ability to correct our PDP issue, we anticipate solid EPS improvement next year. Earnings per share are forecast to be $5.90 to $6.10 for 2009, a return to our previous growth trajectory. Ill now review the quarters company-specific highlights and then make a few comments on the presidential election before turning to our prospects for 2009. As we previously disclosed, our 2009 PDP bids were above the benchmark in all 34 regions. This will result in the loss of approximately 308,000 auto-assigned seniors next year. Based on our analysis of our competitive positioning across all PDP offerings, we estimate losing a total of 650,000 to 750,000 PDP members which include the 308,000 auto-assigned seniors I cited a moment ago. For 2009, we again filed our bids with CMS in line with our pharmacy claims experience. On the Medicare Advantage side, our 2009 pricing was adjusted to give us the optimum balance between premium and benefits. As we have also discussed with you before, we bid appropriately based on our cost. We believe the introduction of member premiums in 2009 will prove to be a prudent and successful contribution to our strategy of long-term sustainable Medicare Advantage growth. The commercial segment produced in line results. We are pleased to see growing interest by employers in our specialty and voluntary benefits business lines enabled by the acquisitions of KMG America and CompBenefits. In addition, we saw the continuing shift to our preferred business mix, individual, small group, ASO, and consumer plans. Later in the fourth quarter, we expect to close on our acquisition of Cariten, which also enhances our provider network and our unit cost positioning in Tennessee. Cariten adds 120,000 new Medicare Advantage and commercial members primarily in the eastern part of the state, and finally we were pleased to welcome Marissa Peterson to our Board of Directors this quarter. Marissas consumer-focused approach to operational leadership during her years as executive vice president of worldwide operations for Sun Microsystems makes her an ideal addition to our board. As we think about the upcoming election, three points stand out with respect to its likely impact on Humana. First, we have successfully partnered with the government for more than 20 years. During that time, there have been Democratic Presidents and Republican Congresses, Republican Presidents and Democratic Congresses and so on. There is no permutation we have not experienced or successfully managed, nor is there any aspect of government health benefits contracting, federal employees health benefits plan, Tricare, the Veterans Administrations Project Hero, Medicare, and Medicaid that we have not undertaken through good results through each of these political environments. The same is true today.  Second, regardless of who is elected president, the overriding health policy issue is cost. Working with Congress and the private sector, the new President must find a way to harness Medicare expenses. Traditional Medicare has internal cost controls, no care coordination, no disease management, no data mining, and no health and wellness programs. Only Medicare Advantage has the ability to control cost while improving health outcomes for our nations seniors.  Finally, as a leader in this popular program, we are prepared to work with the new administration solver once and for all this vexing public policy problem before the massive influx of retiring baby boomers which begins in 2011. In fact, we dont see any path that government can reasonably take besides continuing to partner with the private sector. The only other alternatives, cutting benefits for seniors or raising taxes significantly for everyone, wont solve the problem, which is rising costs. Since our investor day is less than a month away, Ill keep my remarks on our businesses brief this morning. Leaders in these areas will be reviewing our operations with you in much more depth in New York on November 20, 2009. Medicare for Humana next year is a disciplined execution story. Weve told you in the past about our differentiated Medicare value proposition which includes wellness and guidance features like Smart Summary Rx, Medication Therapy Management, and SilverSneakers.  In the next 2 years, we will be extremely focused on network development and further enhancing our clinical processes. Our career sales force continues to be a strong competitive advantage for us. Nearly 35% of our career sales agents have at least 3 years of Humana experience. Many have been with us over 5 years and about 60 agents have been with Humana for more than 10 years. These agents are supported by a well-tenured team of telesales agents as well. I share these statistics with you today as we believe they are a testament to the loyalty of this team and in light of our significant growth their effectiveness. Our utilization management and clinical programs continue to produce significant cost savings and improved health outcomes for our Medicare Advantage members, and our head-of-the-curve network development efforts position us well for growth and increasingly popular PPO products and also for the new MIPPA mandated private fee for service network requirements that go into effect two years from now.  Turning to our Medicare Advantage growth for 2009, weve guided this morning to net membership gains of 50,000 new members as a midpoint. This is of course lower than what we were able to do in prior years. The slide outlines one of the reasons. Although we are confident in our ability to continue to leverage our sales model to drive new memberships, it is clear we have competitors that are being quite aggressive with both lower premiums and very rich benefits.  Let me take a moment to explain why the positioning of our benefit designs and premiums is important this year from two perspectives. One, we have significant multiyear experience with Medicare Advantage products and are very confident that our medical expense assumptions are understood and accurately reflected in our premium benefit mix. Two, we have always known that these products would ultimately require a premium from the member, to both reflect cost trends and government payment levels. While we historically have had many counties with zero premium products, especially with the newer private fee for service offerings, 2009 becomes an important inflection point as we introduce member premiums across the country in preparation for the future and to reflect our costs. We are also continuing our movement away from independent agents for distribution. We have never been deeply dependent on this channel, but it is clear that our use of the agent channel will be narrowly focused on agents who are exclusive to Humana and willing to offer our products based on total value to the senior population and not just price. While I consider our approach to the market to be sound actuarially and smart strategically, given the current environment, we find ourselves facing a challenging sales season. The good news is that despite this environment, we are positioned to achieve growth in net membership in 2009 that will produce our targeted 5% pretax operating margin for our Medicare business. We are also confident that this approach serves the long-term interest of our senior members and our government partners and is fiscally sound. We have a strong track record of assessing the Medicare Advantage sales environment over the last few years and accurately guiding you to our net growth. Im confident that for 2009 we are doing so again.  Our commercial segment continues to perform well with pretax operating results 30% year to date. Over the past 3 years, commercial margins have risen from less than 2% to more than 4% as we have grown membership in our areas of strategic focus, individual, small group, ASO, and consumer, while achieving a healthy balance between fully insured and ASO business. Through a combination of our geographic expansion strategy enabled by our Medicare networking and our KMG America and CompBenefits Specialty Product acquisitions, we are now able to sell a full range of products in much of the United States, essentially transforming ourselves from a regional competitor to a national leader as we have also done in Medicare. In conclusion, our business operations are firmly on track. As the overall health benefits market in both commercial and Medicare continues to evolve toward a consumer-focused approach, Humana is ideally placed to meet businesses, employees, and seniors where they are and where they are going. With our operating metrics indicating solid progress, were confident in the growth forecast for 2009 weve given you today. My colleagues and I look forward to seeing you all in New York on November 20th, where we will have the opportunity to discuss our prospects in more detail. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
Jim Bloem: As Mike mentioned, were pleased that the operating performance from each of our business units continues to track closely with our previous guidance, so this morning, I will focus my remarks on the following three items. First, investment income in our portfolio; second, our capital and liquidity positions, and third, our 2009 earnings per share guidance. Before beginning though, Id like to note that our fourth quarter earnings per share guidance of $1 to $1.10 includes a $0.10 per share impact from lower investment income and higher interest expense. The lower investment income results from much lower short-term rates of return on high-quality investments, while the early October spike in LIBOR will be reflected in our fourth quarter interest expense. Turning first then to investment income in our portfolio, the recent turmoil in the credit markets especially in September resulted in $108.3 million, or $0.40 per share, of realized investment losses. As we detailed in todays press release, these losses primarily related to distressed financial institutions. Its important to note that our previously disclosed holdings in Lehman Brothers, American International Group, and Agency Preferred shares including those of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac accounted for $76 million of the $108 million of investment losses, or $0.28 of the $0.40 per share. The remaining $33 million, or $0.12 per share, of realized losses was spread over 22 issuers in the financial services, mortgage and asset-backed municipal and corporate sectors. The securities of these issuers were identified through the same vigorous process we employ quarterly to evaluate for impairment. This process is described in this mornings press release and in each years form 10-K. This quarter, securities from 515 issuers were examined for other than temporary impairment. As you might expect, this was a significantly higher number than weve needed to evaluate in past quarters. At the end of September, we had approximately $254 million of unrealized investment losses reflected in our statement of stockholders equity. After the first three weeks of October, net unrealized losses were approximately $312 million. Importantly, this amount constitutes 4.8% of the portfolio versus 6% on September 30, 2008, prior to booking the third quarter realized losses. Our investment portfolio continues to benefit from broad diversification, high credit quality, and short duration. That said, a well-diversified $6.5 billion fixed income portfolio could be expected to have some or all of the issuers which resulted in our third quarter investment losses. In this mornings press release, weve included a new statistics page, page S-16, which both details our investment and securities lending portfolios by asset class and also gives each portfolios average credit rating and duration. We trust this additional disclosure will be helpful in your assessment of our investments. Moving next to capital and liquidity, we continue to have ample capital and liquidity to both meet all financial regulatory requirements and satisfy our obligations. This statement is supported by the following 5 points. First, our business produces positive cash flows during periods of increasing enrolments because premiums are collected in advance of claims and other cash disbursements. Our year to date operating cash flows were $686 million, and today we reiterated our full year 2008 operating cash flow guidance of $1 to $1.2 billion. Second, we have full availability under our $1 billion revolving credit agreement. Later in the fourth quarter, we expect to draw $250 million of this amount to complete the pending Cariten Healthcare acquisition which we announced on August 4, 2008.  Third, based primarily on conditions in the credit markets on October 7, 2008, we terminated each of our interest rate swaps. These swaps had exchanged the fixed rate on our senior notes to variable LIBOR-based rates. As a result of the swap terminations, we received a total of $108.3 million in cash from all of our former counterparties. Coincidentally, this is the exact amount of the third quarter realized investment losses. So the interest rate swap terminations enhanced our cash position by the same amount as the predominantly non-cash investment losses.  Fourth, we continue to carry a significant level of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. We expect to maintain at least the level of aggregate excess capital and surplus in these subsidiaries when the third quarter statutory filings are completed next month. This is true because our aggregate operating subsidiary earnings exceeded the investment losses that we realized during the quarter. Finally, we continue to conserve our capital and liquidity in these uncertain times by lowering our 2008 capital expenditures forecast today by $15 million as well as refraining from share repurchased during the third and fourth quarters of this year. Our capital expenditures remain predominantly funded by our depreciation and amortization expenses. Potential share repurchase funding will be used to purchase Cariten by drawing on the revolver. We expect to pay this draw during the first half of 2009. Turning finally to 2009, our initial full years earnings per share guidance range of $5.90 to $6.10 returns us to the earnings per share growth rate trajectory which we had been working on all year. Based on the consistent operating performance of both our government and commercial segments, were pleased to be able to provide earnings guidance within this range. While its obvious that all companies including ours can expect the continuing challenges associated with the credit markets, our sound capital position and ample liquidity together with our consistent operating performance give us confidence in the forecast that we have shared with you today. With that, well open the lines for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions in fairness to those waiting in the queue.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs:  If I could ask a question about the Medicare Advantage competitive dynamics, it sounds to me like whats happening is you have adjusted your private fee for service offerings taking a view of the 2011 sunset and many of your competitors have not. Is that correct, or in fact are you seeing offering that are more aggressive for 2009 relative to what you saw last year or this year?
Mike McCallister:  It clearly is more aggressive than what weve seen in the past, but I dont know that I would characterize it the way you did. Essentially what weve done is weve looked at our expenses are, weve got several years of experience with this, reflected what we needed to do relative to premium and those expenses, and thats what our benefit structure looks like. As I said it in my comments, its very important that there be premiums on these products because as we deal with payment changes in the future, youre going to need to have that level in the game as well as just the benefits themselves, so it was an important milestone for us to go to. So, yes, we have a long-term view of this. Yes, it has long-term implications to put premiums in there. Theyre relatively modest, but they are there because over the long term, they are a part of all this, so were building networks quickly. Youve already seen the data in terms of where we stand. In terms of preparedness for 2011, were well down that road. This is an another step, and Ill let the competitors speak for themselves as to why they are doing what theyre doing and how that works for them, but this is going to be a very good year for us in terms of a couple of key things happening as well as Id like to be growing more than 50 at the midpoint, but it is what it is. Wed rather than be disciplined than wrong. 
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs:  Could you characterize what you think youre seeing in the commercial markets in terms of pricing going now into 2009 and how that might or might not differ from what you think youre seeing a year ago?
Jim Murray : We talked about the fact that we were beginning to see some more appropriate pricing in terms of the competitive landscape. I think were continuing to see that. Obviously in certain markets youll have a competitor thatll do some things that youll wonder why theyre doing that, but generally speaking, weve been increasing our pricing over the last several months and last several quarters with the thought in mind that its going to be a lot more conservative in terms of the pricing environment and were beginning to see that.
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you, and thanks again for moving up your earnings date!
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake  UBS : I just want to follow up Matts question as far as benefit changes and PFFS. What you gave us is a great look at the absolute benefit right now, but when you look year over year, and Ive gone back and looked at a few of your larger counties, and it does look like you increased the maximum out-of-pockets, like you said added a premium. It looks like you are lowering benefits to some extent, and Im sure thats a rational approach. Im just curious as to whats driving that specifically. Is it some view of cost trends in private fee for service thats increasing that we should be looking for, or is it some view that margins may be needed to be expanded to make this product sustainable?
Jim Murray:   Weve looked at the cost that we experience month after month, and weve also evaluated the premium that we get from CMS, and if you go back and you evaluate what the Medicare fee for service cost trends are, as you look at those, as they ultimately pay themselves out over a number of years, the fee for service environment experiences trends of 6-7%, and as many of you know, in the last several years, our amount that we got from Medicare more in the range of 4%, and so as we are implementing all of the cost savings opportunities, the network that Mike talked about earlier as well as the clinical programs, were just trying to price our products and create benefit structures that take into account the premium that we get and the costs that we are experiencing. So, as we look into 2009, we felt it was appropriate to make those two changes you saw. You also will see a bit of a change in our inpatient benefit structures as well compared to last year.
Mike McCallister:  I need to remind you too that this 5% operating margin that we target has an impact on all that. We only have 4 pieces, the premium, the benefits, the SG&A, and the profit, and we start with 5% as a profit and we work around that, and so as we look at the balance, how do you get that? We know what the SG&A is going to be. Youre going to adjust premiums or benefits around those two givens, and we have to make the right call as to whether you go with benefit reductions in light of the things Jim talked about or whether you put the premiums in or what the right balance is, and thats judgment as much as anything.
Jim Murray: Just as a quick followup, were not seen an acceleration in costs. As you look back over the last several years in fact, the Medicare fee for service cost trends are very stable in terms of what we can expect each year, and so we feel very comfortable with the benefits and premium position that we put on the table for 09, and we look forward to 2010, and some of the clinical programs that weve talked about for a number of months are really starting to bear some fruit.  
Mike McCallister: If you look at those premiums youre seeing out there for the first time, theyre in the teens. They vary by market, but weve talked about this before and that is the way we look at that is our true competition is not the old Medicare program because no one ever goes back there. Our true competition is are they going to be in a Medigap, are they going to be in a private fee for service, or they going to be in a PPO, and if you look at Medigap premiums, they are quite high, and so we have somewhere between zero and what a Medigap premium looks like to work with here. Were still really at the low end of what premiums look like here.
Justin Lake  UBS : My second question is around the membership size. If you can give us some color around the mix of membership, of that 50,000, how do you see your membership changing between PPO, HMO, and private fee for service? Maybe talk about the expectation for attrition versus new sales in 09 and 08, and then just maybe tell us how your PPO benefit now compares to private fee for service given what youve done in your private fee for service benefit and maybe compare that to 08 as well.
Jim Murray: Theres a lot in there, and Ill try to hit them all. Weve identified that we believe that we can sell on the low end 300,000 new members and on the high end maybe as many as 350,000, and then if you look at what our net guidance, you can do the math around the attrition levels. The sales amount is down a little bit from last year, and the terminations as you might expect are up from last year. We hope that of the 300,000 weve targeted, at least 50% of those will be coming from network-based products. Were currently sitting at around 500,000 in HMO offerings, about 175 or thereabouts of PPO, and 700,000 in private fee for service, so if you take all those data points that I just gave you, you can get a sense that were starting to see some amount of acceleration in the network-based plans that are going to be the thing of the future in 2011. So we feel very good with the way that weve set up what we call product continuum, and to answer one of your other questions, the best value that a senior can get would be with an HMO. The second best value would be with a local PPO. Next would be a regional PPO, and then a private fee for service plan. As we go in market by market, weve tried to create that type of product continuum so that people can understand that with the network-based options, theyll get more value, lower premium, better benefits as they move up the continuum. Were also as weve talked about in the past creating Medicare supplement offerings in all parts of the United State so that weve got a full product continuum for the seniors that we represent. So we feel very good about how this is setting up. Weve got 2 years to get the network in place, and we feel good about how were positioning all of our products in the different markets, and all for us it is now, as Mike said earlier, is an execution story.
Justin Lake  UBS : The PPO versus PFFS, was that similar in 08 and now PPO is actually better in 09?
Jim Murray: Were starting to try to position these local PPO better than the regional PPO, and that would be positioned better than the private fee for service. There may be some, Ill call them, dislocations in certain markets because of cost structures and some of the rules you have to follow when you file bids, but generally what we try to do is to create that continuum of our benefit offerings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin with Barclays Capital.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: My question relates to the 2009 guidance around Medicare earnings, and I understand 5% is sort of a target range, but if I think the guidance for 08 revenues and a 3.5% margin and the 09 revenues and a 5% margin, Im coming out with a difference in earnings of somewhere around $310 to $320 million, and thats obviously lower than what the PDP losses were this year, so is it fair assume that sort of net-net youre not looking really for earnings growth in aggregate when excluding the PDP losses year over year?  
Jim Bloem: When you think about the PDP losses that we talked about going back in March, the number that you just mentioned is very close to the number that the PDP losses.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital:  Was that 350? Is that still the number?
 :
Jim Bloem:  Its a little bit better than that now. As we said in the last call, weve sort of come down toward the lower end of that initial range of $330 to $390 and then now we say were sort of at the bottom or slightly below the bottom of that, and we work through this new set of benefits, were just giving you our initial guidance now to see, but the guidance point is to reinforce the point that 5% operating margin is what were really striving for, and all the remarks of Jim and Mike regarding what the benefit designs are and whether other people have zero premium or different benefit configurations, we took a proactive cost approach and we looked at the long-term viability and sustainability really of the Medicare program and said that 5% operating margin is what were after.
Jim Murray: Having said that, when we started 2008 and our estimates were how we were going to do and had to reduce that by the 350, we now are looking at next year where although we incurred a loss of 350 on that PDP error, were going to have 750,000 less PDP members next year, and our profit targets on the PDP business are similar in terms of the MERs that we anticipated year over year, but we wont have as many members for which to make that, so I dont know if Im being clear, but there is going to be some profit improvement as a result of the MAPD business as well because were losing 750,000 PDP members.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: The unrealized losses that you spoke about Jim of $254 million at the end of September, is that the gross losses number or is that a net losses number? If it is net, what is the gross?
Jim Bloem: The gross is 266. There is a meager $12 million of investment unrealized gains in there, but again since people are focusing on what the loss position is, its 266 minus 12, 254.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: And the 312, the current number?
Jim Bloem: Thats roughly the same. Generally the unrealized have moved up 58, and the reason for that is when you do this, you have to do it on 09/30. If you look at when was the worst day in the market in terms of the bond market, its probably somewhere around the 15th of October, so now taking it through, lets say, last Wednesday or so, I think that was the day we did it, thats why you see that further deterioration, but were very happy overall with how this looks in terms of the governments decision to make direct injections into the financial institutions and the Feds decision to start being a direct purchase of commercial paper.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Nersessian with Credit Suisse.  
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse:  My first question is on the commercial enrollment for next year. Are you expecting the mix of business to remain relatively unchanged? When I calculate the yields, they are coming in right around that 6 to 7% same-store range that youre projecting, and I know there is some acquisition impact in there, but broadly speaking, do you expect any change in the mix like you had this year?
Jim Bloem:  Very similar to what weve been seeing over the last several years. Therell be more of a shift to individual Humana One small group and probably some reduction in members from large national accounts in certain areas, and so as we guided, we think our membership will be generally flat, but youll see more coming from fully insured individual and small group, very similar to what weve done over the last two or three years.  
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: So the realized yields will end up being below the 6-7%?
Jim Bloem: Probably a tad, yes. 
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: My second question is on the PDP outlook for next year. You obviously have made a decision here with respect to the dual eligibles, but I remember earlier this year, you had talked about other issues with respect to the positioning of your co-pay levels this year as well as where you had certain drugs in the formulary. I was wondering if you could just speak to if and how you may have adjusted both of those factors into next year, or is it just simply a matter of no longer coming in below the benchmark?
Jim Murray: First, well start with the standard plan, and as weve shared with you in the past, we find ourselves with what we were referring to around here a barbell of membership. We had a lot members who were heavy utilizers and another large group of members who were lower than average utilizers, and unfortunately what we found was that the heavy utilizers being supported by the low utilizing members that we also had. So what we had to do based upon our trends, when we priced our products, we had no desire to go above the benchmarks, but what we did is we priced to the cost structures and the trends that we had been seeing over the last year or so, and when we developed that pricing based upon the trends that we saw, we unfortunately did go above the benchmarks in all of the states that we did business, so in addition to raising the premiums as you references, we also changed some co-payment levels and we also changed the fact that we had an open formulary, so those three changes weve been messaging our members trying to share with them some of the changes that they might expect to see and giving them some suggestions about where they might be able to get better benefits. So that will move me over to the enhancement plan. That was the plan that we talked about last year where we got adversely selected against. There we have more modest premium increases, but we also changed our co-payment level and also went to a closed formulary, very similar to our competitors called closed formulary. In the standard last year, we found ourselves as one of only two competitors that had an open formulary, and that caused some of the problems that we referenced. So we did all three of those steps, and we feel pretty good about where we are at relative to the competition and our pricing and cost structures that we were seeing.
Mike McCallister:  And I think thats really the way to look at it because our thing is not a decision to decide whether or not to attract or not attract the dual eligible or the auto-assigns. It has to do with the trends are and what drug costs are and what the formula for the bids specify.
Jim Murray: Frankly as a result of doing what we did this year, it puts us in a better position to reconsider our bids for 2010 and our ability to compete for the auto-assigned membership that unfortunately were going to lose this year.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Jim, just one last quick question. Could you just explain the difference between the 6.28 weighted average rate versus the 6.94 in the press release?
Jim Bloem:  The 6.94, we have four issues of senior notes, and if you blend them by their size, if you just took the coupon, weighted it by the size of each issue, youd get 6.94%. We used to have interest swaps attached to each one of those four issues. On October 7th, when there was a tremendous spread between the amount we pay under the swaps and what LIBOR was, we surrendered our swaps and picked up $108 million, and what that did was effectively lower that 6.94 to 6.28 on the $1.55 billion of senior notes. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Charles Boorady with Citigroup.  
Charles Boorady  Citigroup:  This year on March 12th, you had to cut guidance unfortunately because you found the unexpected adverse selection in the PDP end. I was just wondering looking forward do we still need to beware of the March in 2009 or can you talk about what changes in the past seven months youve made to improve your ability to predict things like adverse selection bias going forward?
Jim Murray: Sure. As you might expect, Ive spent a lot of time with our Medicare Actuary. Weve evaluated our processes and procedures. Weve made a number of changes in personnel. We now have a new vice president of Medicare Actuarial Services who just started with us a couple of weeks ago. Again, weve changed our process, and were using the services of two well-known actuarial outside firms to assist us to create better processes for preparing our bids and also to assist to be a little bit more analytical than in the past in evaluating costs and what have you, and I feel very good about how all of that process, procedure, discipline, and data aggregation is coming together to produce the 2009 bids and what it will do for us to be able to get even better prepared for 2010. So, weve learned a lot over the last several months, and I think we are better for the learning.
Charles Boorady  Citigroup:  Related to that, youre imposing a member premium on Medicare Advantage whereas on the slide your competition generally is not. How would you take into consideration the potential for a healthy person with low expected medical expenses to have bias towards a free product or zero-premium product, whereas a heavier user of medical care might be more willing to stick around and pay the extra premium, or is there something else not on this slide? 
Jim Murray:  There is a number of things that are on that slide. If you look at the benefit structures, it would suggest that a healthier person would choose our benefits. Youre right that the premiums that we have would suggest that somebody who is not a user of medical costs might be interested in going with a zero premium product, so theres a lot of dynamics on that slide, some of which argue against each other. The other thing that you have sit back and think about is distribution channels and what kinds of business different distribution channels create for you as a company. We believe that our distribution model is a lot better in terms of working with seniors and identifying with the seniors the products that they need and sitting across the table and discussing those things with them. So theres a lot of dynamics that go into figuring out healthy risks versus unhealthy risks, and weve evaluated where were at and we feel pretty comfortable about what 2009 might look like for us in terms of our benefit designs and our distribution model.
Mike McCallister: Ill go one step further, Charles. Weve done a fair amount of research on seniors on what they expect, what they need, and what they want from all of this, and as we have seen in the past, there are subsets out there that move around. There are certain types of virus, but at the core of this population, these folks are looking for, and this term is thrown around rather casually, but they are looking for a total value proposition in terms of this relationship. Theyre not interesting in bouncing around, and I think youve seen some of the things we do with these people and for them, everything from the statements we send out which have been a spectacular success in terms of really driving that concept of value for them. So, at the end of the day, there is a number of ways to compete. You can throw price, you can throw benefits. You can do what were doing which I think is basically dealing with them long term, plan on having them long term and deal with fundamental core value proposition and thats what we offer.
Charles Boorady  Citigroup: So in putting this guidance together for 09, have you already gone through this competitive analysis bottoms up throughout the geographies that youre doing business in?
Jim Murray: Weve analyzed every market where we do business. I can show you all the books that weve gone through in terms of where were positioned, and were cautiously optimistic that in light of what are seeing out there that weve got the right products in, Ill say, 80% of our markets. Obviously there are a lot of markets that are really strong markets where we feel very good. There are other markets where we have some membership that were a little bit concerned about, and so when we look through each and every place where we do business and we evaluate whether our lead product is going to be a private fee for service or a local PPO or a regional PPO or an HMO, and we step back and we think about it, we feel pretty comfortable with what weve out there in terms of our guidance. 
Mike McCallister: Theres another aspect of our distribution that I dont know is well understood. We dont ever really tease it out in great detail, but in terms of how they are compensated. They do receive a base pay. As career agents, they have commissions, but then also receive monthly a small stipend for every member that theyve brought in, so they have sort of a book of business that is Humana customers but is also theirs to care for and take care of, and there are some relationship implications between these seniors and the folks that theyve dealt with in making these choices, so therere all sorts of little things here and there that represent some piece of the total value chain here that have the potential to overcome some sort of a frontal attack by virtue of just price.
Jim Murray: Mike just made an important that Ill build on a little bit. Our market point agency and the 2000 career agents that are a part of that have been working with their books of business over the last several months, which is different from what some of our competition in terms of all of a sudden if it becomes the selling season for these particular products and the outside agents now spend their time thinking about that while the rest of the year they are selling the other products that are more seasonal in nature, and so we feel very good about our seniors understanding exactly what it is were doing, and as Mike said the different value propositions that we bring to the table, and thats a big part of why we think that our retention levels will be what we are estimating.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank. 
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  Could you maybe give us some insights into how you expect first quarter commercial membership to look, whether you expect that to be down or flat, and within that, what youre expecting for your ASO business, and then if you could just remind us how much of your commercial business renews on January 1?
Jim Murray: The guidance that weve given is it will be generally flat. I would estimate that in the first quarter were going to be down somewhere around 50,000 or so members. Thats an estimate. I havent stepped back and tried to analyze that exactly, so Ill throw that out as an estimate. Most of the reduction will be from self-funded or ASO customers. We break our membership into various pieces, and I would say that 60% of our large group membership renews on January 1st, and that is what would cause the reduction of some of those larger self-funded or ASO accounts, and then as the year progresses, the individual net growth that weve been experiencing over the last several years and the small group net growth that weve been experiencing will begin to take hold, and well get back to that flattish for the full year.  
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  To follow up just on investment income, it looks like for 09 you are expecting an uptick in that even when you back out the realized losses that youre expecting in the back half of this year, and maybe if you could help us think about what the anticipated drivers of the higher investment income are for 09. Do you expect higher cash balances, and also what type of portfolio yield youre building for 09 relative to 08?
Jim Bloem:  Thats generally it, Scott. The main thing is the average investment balance will be higher because of the cash flow that were forecasting. With respect to rates, we dont public guidance on prognostication of rates, but Ill just say to you were not expecting a lot in rates given whats happened, so its basically driven, the improvements driven by putting back the investment losses and then having a higher invested balance.  
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Just getting back to the Medicare competitive environment, just interested in terms of on the commission side how aggressive things look for 09 relative to 08. I would have thought that with some of the focus there in 08 and with some of the CMS marketing guidelines that we wouldve seen maybe some easing in commission from competition, but it doesnt sound like were hearing that in the market place, so your views on commissions, and then just also relative to the private fee for service product, you gave the example there, and how widespread are the still intense competitive products within private fee for service? Now we know Wellpoint is exiting that market, but clearly we saw one of your competitors with significant issues there last week, so are you still seeing a very wide range of highly competitive richer PFFS products out there?
Mike McCallister:   Ill start with the commission fees. First of all, all bets are off on commissions because CMS withdrew their regulatory structure for that last Friday, so theyre supposed to issue something new this week, and well wait for that to come out. There is a significant focus on commission levels because some of the early indications which have resulted in this action on their part would reflect some pretty interesting things being done by companies relative to how they pay out under the new regulations, so news at 11 relative to commissions. The good news is its not a real driver for us one way or another because of our career agent environment. We do work with a few independent agents, but not many so, again, news at 11 on that.
Jim Murray:  With respect to your second question, we looked at our HMO offerings in the states and the cities where we do business, and weve looked at our local and regional PPO offerings, and we feel very good about how those are generally positioned, but to your point about the private fee for service, there are a couple of competitors throughout the United States that seem to have a lot of zero premium products with benefits that are richer than ours, and as Mike said earlier, we understand because weve been in the private fee for service business for 5 years what our cost structures are, and weve created our benefit design and premiums to react to the cost structures, and thats why were giving the lower net growth guidance because if those competitors continue to market those products, it may impact us.
Mike McCasslister:  Just one last comment on the commission side of things. To me, its a losers game. Commissions are easy to copy. It can be done in 10 seconds, and if thats the way youre going to compete, thats interesting, but I dont think its sustainable. 
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: On the commissions that changed at 11 last week, where would you say that decision to change or pull back on some of the commission rules came more from? Was that more toll driven or more from commentary from the industry or within CMS themselves?
Mike McCallister: It came from virtually everywhere. There was a fair number of politicians who were becoming quite aware of it, and they started up, and there was some industry angst, and it was as little bit of every thing. 
Jim Murray:  When we looked at what was happening, we didnt think that it was what CMS had intended when they came out with their guidance.
Mike McCallister: The intent was really straightforward from CMS. They were trying to eliminate these high payments in the first year and then drastic reductions in year 2 because it clearly sets up a churning scenario, so they were trying to flatten out commissions so that there was more stability for seniors and less motivation for agents to do things that maybe they shouldnt, and so essentially what some did was they decided to make the high commission first year, be the renewal as well, which just generates an awful lot of potential for confusion and churn and a lot of other things, so I expect a much more rational regulatory structure to come out this week that will bring it back to the original intent which was protect seniors from being moved around by commission schedules.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carl McDonald with Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer:  I was wondering if you can give any color on what your internal agents can do within the construct of the new Medicare marketing rules to try and send seniors towards the PPO. Is it purely just the benefit design and thats it, or are there other things that the agents can do? 
Jim Murray:  As I said earlier, we just sit across the kitchen table from the seniors and talk to them about their benefits of the different offerings and their particular needs and what makes the most sense for them and what they can afford. Obviously with a network-based product, there is a possibility that therell be less providers in that network, and we just have to make sure that the seniors are aware of all of those things, and whatever then works for the seniors is where well go. 
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer:  It looks like the company has become a little bit more reliant on the use of multiyear rate guarantees on the commercial business, so could you walk through the structure of when youll give a multiyear rate guarantee and sort of what the general cost trend guarantee looks like?
Jim Murray : Sure. We have created a pilot program thats called Smart Results. I think we sold about 20 customers, and it is a sell-funded offering or ASO offering, and so we dont have any insurance risks, but we do charge an admin fee to those customers, and what weve tried to do is around this whole idea of consumerism is to not demand but suggest to them if those customers do certain things, if they have their associates prepare HRAs, if they have their associates work with our personal nurses, if they their associates give us their phone numbers, if they have their associates give us their e-mail addresses, if they talk to their associates about our disease management programs, if they do a number of things, we are willing to guarantee trend levels, because we found as we studied what are called our SmartSuite products that if these companies do some of these things to enhance engagement, it has a significant impact on cost. So this 20 or so sample pilot, whatever we want to call it, of groups, we have gone out with those kinds of programs, and we are in the process of evaluating those as we speak. I think if you come to the presentation in New York, we will share some information about what weve found with those, and I think you will be pleased with what you see.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer: So the multi-year guarantees then arent becoming more prevalent on risk products?
Jim Murray: No. I would say I watch the TV like some of you may do. Assurant of late is one of our competitors, and they have a 2-year guarantee for their individual products. We see that in the market place. We dont see a lot of multi-year guarantees out there.
Mike McCallister: Particularly on insured products.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anu Gupta with Sanford Bernstein.
Anu Gupta  Sanford Bernstein: I was again following up on the sources of growth for MA in 09, and particularly I was trying to understand how much of this is related to the competitive dynamic that you describe on product design relative to intrinsically the growth slowing down in this segment. For example, on the existing over 65, are you targeting more on the retail side or the group side? Similarly on the agents, are you putting together products to motivate early retirees as they are aging in to stick with Humana? The third point I had was around GM, for example. They recently talked about moving to defined contributions, so in addition to all the retail sales you make, are you looking for additional sources of growth and may those be more high growth than you are targeting right now?
Jim Murray: Trying to break that question into a lot of pieces, Ill say a few things, and then we can figure out how I have done. Our sales levels will remain high in 2009 on the MA. What we are concerned about is the possibility that we will terminate more than we have in the past, so that would be one day to point. In addition to the competitive landscape that we are experiencing, another factor were thinking about is what our net growth might be if some of the changes that were made by HR6331 that CMS promulgated which doesnt allow us to make any outbound calls, and it also changes what we used to refer to as our referral model. When we would have a discussion across the table from seniors, we talked to them about whether they knew of anybody else who might be interested in our products. Well, CMS now has eliminated that, and every contact that we have with a member must be initiated by that member, so we are trying to evaluate the impact that that might have on our growth and we try to be conservative in that regard. To another question that I heard in there, we are doing a lot more. As Mike talked on many occasions about the ageing opportunity, we are trying to go down downstream if you will and start to create products that might attract and create a relationship with the 50 to 64 year olds so that they age in to our MAPD products. That will be more longer term. We will talk about some of those when we are in New York in terms of some things that we are doing around our Humana One offering and some other kinds of products that we are creating so that we can create that relationship with the seniors so that we can then have a discussion with them sometime in the future about MAPD and PDP offerings that we will have.
Anu Gupta  Sanford Bernstein : I have one more question. You speak about the total cost issue being fundamental to the future of the Medicare program, and I was curious to see if you had a roadmap on your efforts underway around moderation of the underlying cost trends, so you still have the 5% operating margin, you are roughly 10% on the admin ratio. While you are not directly competing with the fee for service product, they are at 3%, so as you start to make that business case to Congress, how are you looking at closing the gap overall on your cost structure relative to what the government could do on their own?
Mike McCallister: Well do more of this in New York this month. We really are beginning to shine a light on clinical management things that we do because at the end of the day, you are exactly correct, for there to be value here long term as part of the private sectors role in Medicare, we have to find ourselves to a place. We are really reducing actual medical spend and in an amount that covers the cost of having done so. Essentially the reason that the traditional program has a low administration is because they dont do much. Basically, it is a claim paying system, and so admin is relatively low and it should be. The question is if you are going to start investing in clinical coordination and management and doing all the things that we have been doing for decades on the other side and the commercial side of the business, there are costs associated with that which at a minimum, you have to cover those with your results, and so I think its a work in progress where we have an awful lot of confidence at this point that if the standard is to be able to take what is essentially we need get about 11 or 12% out of the Medicare spend to sort of make this all work given the admin and the margin that we have and profit margin. I mean the question is if you cant get 11% efficiency and effectiveness out of Medicare, then maybe we shouldnt be here, and I think the answer is yes we will. That model is completely broken. The trends are out of control and have been for a very long time and thats the standard against which we have to execute and perform, and we are pretty comfortable based on everything we have done that its quite doable.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matt Perry with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets:  A couple of questions. First on Medicare Advantage, the growth guidance in 09 is obviously lower than in recent years and then dovetailing that with what CMS might do to commissions, what is of higher correlation for enrolment growth? The level of benefits offered or commission levels offered by the companies, and I guess ultimately what Im asking is if CMS puts some kind of stronger restrictions on commissions, is it possible that your growth in 09 might be a little better than you are thinking right now?
Jim Murray:  I would say that the more impactful decision or issue impacting our growth would be premium and benefit levels but equally important, perhaps, not as strong as benefits and premiums would be the commission levels. Ill just say this. The higher the commission level, the more likely it is that some folks who are compensated in that matter might be willing to move business around, and if you take away that incentive, I think it creates more stability, and Im just trying to be as honest as I possibly can, and so I just think that we are getting ourselves set up for the possibility that people would move business just because the historical retention payments that we made for renewals was going to be significantly lower than what the new sales commission levels were going to be, and it just created an unhealthy environment in our opinion.
Mike McCallister: Remember that in the first year we did use a fair number of independent agents. I mean it was a huge rollout. If you recall, the numbers were off the charts in terms of the number of seniors that joined all these programs, and they were a bigger piece of our distribution model back then than they are today, and so as a result we do have business sitting out there that came through that channel. Big commission scenario is placed at some level of risk if you believe people can and will move business for commission itself. All that has been baked into our thinking about this, and we have sort of settled on the 50 mid point as where we think we are going to end up.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets:  Cash flow from operations next year, midpoint, I think, $1.3 billion. Any view on how much of that will be sent up to the parent company? 
Jim Bloem:  Not yet at this time, but we will be. Again last time we had said that based on our 2008 results that by the second quarter of next year, wed probably be able to move 500 out for consultation with the rating agencies and with the states, so thats still very much in our thinking. Obviously with the credit markets and everything else, it will be interesting to see what everybodys reaction is, but if they use the same rules, we feel comfortable about the 500, but then as we get into 2009, again, our initial estimate that we always give at this time of the year basically is run off of very few differences and variables. Generally speaking, the cash flow for next year is based on the change in net income round numbers that we expect for this year. If you look at the 2 years, thats the difference in the cash flow guidance.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Doug Simpson with Merrill Lynch. 
Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch:  One question just to be clear. The diamond pressure that you are talking about in Q4 from investment income that has been factored into the outlook for next year, and I guess if you didnt see that pressure, can we just extrapolate that number would have been 6 bucks plus another $0.40?
Jim Bloem: Forty cents might be a little high. First of all, to answer the first question, yes, it is factored in. Generally speaking, as I said our investment income is not a lot built in in terms of rate changes because again the rates are very unsteady, and they have in terms of investment income fallen substantially, particularly since September for the rest of the year. That is baked in going into next year. The other thing though is when we look at it, we look at the net of interest expense and investment income, and interest expense will be higher next year because again the uncoupling of LIBOR from Fed funds. This mornings yield on 3-month bills is less than 1%, but the 3-month LIBOR is I believe around 3.25%, so they used to be 100 basis points or 50 basis points of each other. Now they have really spread out, so next years investment income, net investment income, that is investment income less interest expense, is fairly flat when you look at both guidance points.
Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch:  Could you talk little bit about specific competition on the M&A side with respect to the smallest players. Some of the land grab plays that were laid out in 06 and 07, are you starting to see them exit or look for partners? Can you give us a sense as to how many of those smaller players are still out there?
Mike McCallister : It is going to be challenging to be in Medicare as small player over the long term, so it may be reasonable to think that some of these smaller companies would be looking for a home, but I dont really have anything to share with you today. Its something we will look at when they pop up as opportunities, and weve picked up a couple of little things here and there. They were pretty tiny. They had some Medicare business baked in them, but I dont see any sort of sweeping consolidation that is likely to happen in the short term. It is inevitable that therell be some of it.
Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch: But theres no real change in the last 6 to 12 months?
Mike McCallister : I dont think weve anything yet thats really chipped it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peter Costa with FTN Midwest Securities. 
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest:  Regarding Medicare Advantage membership, since it is terminations that is causing the relatively wider guidance, do you expect to see even declining membership in one Q or January in Medicare Advantage, and as far as Group Medicare, do you expect that to have really no growth this year because of the requirement for that to be networked products going forward, and then thirdly, on the same topic, in terms of the migration to PPOs for Medicare Advantage membership, that seems like thats going to happen relatively slowly until 2011. How will you gauge your success of your networks if the membership does not migrate until 2011?  
Jim Murray: We dont anticipate that were going to have a net reduction in membership in the first quarter. We have a nice number of sales to offset the conservative termination number that weve developed. Were pleased with the fact that Group Medicare will ultimately have network-based options. Mike has talked with you and well share more and more in New York with you about where were going to have networks, but were going to have a significant number of network options throughout much of the United States, so well be a good opportunity for groups to give us some consideration in terms of some of the products and services that weve had out there. For a while there, I think groups have been somewhat concerned about the privacy for service business and whether or not it was more long term. I think when we get to the point where a lot of shifting goes to the network-based options, I think the groups will feel more comfortable with putting some of their retirees in those kinds of programs. So, sometime in the future, I would expect more and more growth, and there is some increasing interest that were seeing with our discussion with groups, but nothing in terms of a sea of change for 2009. Your last question, I think over the next several quarters and next several years, youre going to see some nice migration to the network based options because the seniors will be able to see more value, less premiums, more benefits in those kinds of products, and well feature those when we talk with seniors when we have that discussion across the kitchen table and try to demonstrate to them that there is not a significant reduction in the networks that theyre going to be looking at, and I think as seniors understand that, therell be more and more acceptance of those products going forward. I dont expect that in 2011 therell be a huge shift from private fee for service to PPO or HMO or regional PPO. I think itll be more of a gradual shift over the next quarters and next several years.
Mike McCallister : Let me go one step further on that. Weve visited with you on quite bit and Ive talked about this a lot, but Im not sure Im getting through completely, so let me try it again. This is a retail consumer business. These folks made their decisions one person at a time. They do it every year between November 15th and the end of the year. Theyre going to be doing that for the foreseeable future. Effectively, what they do and this is what weve watched, and they act in their best interest all the time. They sit down, they look at all their options, they consider everything, and they make their choice. That is totally different than the rest of the commercial business we have and health insurance as we think of it. The implications of that is that whenever that period comes, and in this case it will be November 15, 2010, through the end of that year, they will be sitting down evaluating PPO products, traditional Medicare, Medigap, and whatever is available to them in terms of choices at that time, and what theyre going to find at that time is that their PPO offering is likely to be their best choice. Going back to traditional Medicare will not be a great choice. Medigap is quite expensive. This is going to fall right in the middle there somewhere and be quite attractive, and so I dont wake up every day worrying whether people are rushing to the PPO prior to 2011. There will be nice movement there as Jim has indicated, but theyre going to make that decision November 15, 2010, and having come to the end of the day, they will choose this path because it will be the best value in front of them at the time. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Bryan Wright with Banc of America Securities.
Bryan Wright  Banc of America Securities:  Can you remind me how many internal sales agents does the company have right now and how does that differ from the beginning of the year?
Jim Murray: Im assuming you are referring the Medicare, and there is about 1700 market point agents that will go out and sit across the table from seniors, and then we have a force of telesales agents that will take calls from seniors that see advertisements and set up appointments with them, and there is I would guess about 800 of those folks that are located in Florida, so we feel very good about our model in terms of distribution.
Bryan Wright  Banc of America Securities:  Can you give us the size of Caritens cash and investment portfolio? 
Jim Bloem:  I dont have that right at my fingertips. 
Bryan Wright  Banc of America Securities:  Okay, maybe offline we could get that then. 
Regina Nethery:  Ill look and see what is in their latest statutory filing and see if we can get you some frame of reference that way.
Jim Bloem: Right, thats where we would refer you.  
Operator:  At this time there are no further questions. 
Mike McCallister:  Thanks for joining us this morning. Again, Im pretty pleased with where we are. This was a good quarter. I think we are set up nicely for next year, and we clearly have to deal with the implications of a change in leadership in Washington. I think we are prepared to do that. I think there is significant value in the private sectors involvement in Medicare, and I think that will become quite clear to people as they start to understand what we do, and with that, I would like to thank all the Humana associates that are on this call for making these results possible. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Regina Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations Mike McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Murray - Chief Operating Officer Chris Todoroff - Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs  Charles Boorady  Citi Investment Research Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Justin Lake  UBS Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer Peter Costa  FTN Midwest Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets John Rex  JP Morgan
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Regina Nethery: In this mornings call Mike McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will briefly discuss highlights from our second quarter 2008 results as well as comment on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks we will open up the lines for a question and answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray our Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Todoroff, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes, that replay will be available on Humanas website www.humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before we begin our discussion I need to remind each of you of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas website as well as on the SEC website. Additionally, investors are advised to read Humanas second quarter 2008 earnings press release issued this morning, August 4, 2008. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our website. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made in this mornings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that Ill turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Mike McCallister: Before beginning our call Id like to take a moment to thank Art Hipwell who retires from Humana today for his numerous years of service. Hes been invaluable and will be personally missed. Were pleased to have Chris Todoroff here with us today and I hope youll join me in welcoming him to the Humana team. Chris is a dynamic leader and will, Im sure, be a tremendous addition to our team as General Counsel. Im pleased to report that for the second quarter we were ahead of our EPS guidance and for the first half of 2008 despite the problem with PDP plan were up slightly year over year. The improved quarterly result primarily reflects the fact that our PDP issues is playing out better than anticipated. We now expect to be at the lower end of the $330 to $390 million pre-tax earnings impact for the year that we first described in March. Second quarter results also reflected year over year progression in our commercial and Medicare Advantage businesses. As a result of our PDP outcome year to date were raising our EPS guidance for the year while again reiterating the fact that the PDP situation comes to an end on December 31, leaving us nicely positioned for a strong 2009. Lets review a few of the more significant recent events for Humana and discuss our operating results in more detail. First, our Medicare bids for 2009 plans both Medicare Advantage and PDP were filed on June 2nd. Both our bid development and bid review process were enhanced to help ensure we do not face a repeat of the PDP issues we experienced as part of last years bidding process. Well be watching competitors plan designs closely when that information becomes available in the fall and were comfortable that plan design changes we filed for 2009 are both adequate and appropriate. Tom Liston our new Senior Vice President of Senior Products and Steve Bruckner, whos retiring from that leadership position are working jointly to help ensure a smooth transition for that critical leadership post. Our Medicare Advantage enrollment is on track with our guidance for the year although excluding acquisitions is now trending toward the lower half of our expected range due to the combined effect of the lower group sales we discussed last quarter and slightly higher terminations in more recent months associated with members moving to other carriers special needs plans during the lock in period. Turning to our Military Services business unit, at the end of June our team filed its bid for T3. The competitive bidding process for the next generation of TRICARE contracts with the department of defense. We believe our South Region bid clearly reflects the value proposition we bring to the table for military beneficiaries and retirees in terms of service and access while providing a cost effective means for the Department of Defense to provide such benefits. Our relationship with the DOD is strong but we expect to win this contract on the quality of our proposal with our long term performance serving as an assurance of our capacity to execute. This favorable track record is important in the bid process as recent DOD award decisions demonstrate the power of incumbency. On the acquisition front we completed two acquisitions and announced our intent to acquire Metcare during the second quarter. Additionally this morning we announced our intent to purchase Cariten Healthcare in Tennessee. As with our other recent acquisitions we expect to benefit from expanded provider arrangements and an additional book of business thats well positioned for future growth. Finally, turning briefly to capital deployment which Jim Bloem will cover more fully in his remarks our Board of Directors has increased the companys share repurchase authorization indicating its continued confidence in our business.  With respect to the wider business environment the headline event was the recent passage of the Medicare Bill HR 6331. The most impactful element for our sector will be the elimination of provider deeming for private fee for service programs across much of the nation in 2011. To properly assess its probable impact on Humana Ill start with some context. As we discussed with you over the last few years weve always assumed the future of Medicare Advantage would be built on network based products. While we were an early mover in private fee for service beginning in 2004 weve also been an early mover in both product design and network development across our broad geographic footprint. We believe HR 6331 stabilizes physician payments unfairly by cutting benefits to our nations seniors we are prepared to operate and grow successfully in this changing environment and believe that by 2011 well be even better positioned. The next series of slides further demonstrates why Humana is well positioned to successfully address the strategic and operational impacts of this law. Its important to note that counties in the United States with less than two network plan choices will be exempt from the requirement that private fee for service plans must as provider networks. Those counties across the nation that are expected to be exempt are shown in white on this map from our trade group, Americas Health Insurance Plans or AHIP. This exemption effectively preserves the choice of a private plan in most of the US and also means the growth opportunity for Humana remains national in scope, a point Ill come back to in a minute. When you look at our PPO network coverage the picture brightens further. Currently 82% of Humanas private fee for service enrollees reside in geographies where a Humana PPO plan is offered. Weve always believed private fee for service to be a transitional product as people age into Medicare were seeing that they increasingly select PPO plans the kind of coverage theyre used to in the work place and the most popular work place option in survey after survey. When you look ahead to 2011 and consider our current membership in terms of both our existing network offerings and deeming exempt locations its better still. As you can see we expect only 6% of our current private fee for service membership will fall outside of a PPO offering or deeming exempt geography.  With three open enrollment period ahead of us before the new law takes effect we already have the products built and licensed, the networks in place and our clinical capabilities in our Medicare PPOs continue to expand and mature. In essence then were well prepared to preserve what we have but more importantly were also prepared to grow. With the spectacular growth of the Medicare Advantage resulting in approximately 10 million highly satisfied seniors now enrolled nationwide what remains good news is that where Humana has PPO offerings, low penetration levels presents significant opportunity for us over the long term. Also while employers have not yet fully embraced group Medicare PPO programs we believe over the long term our PPO footprint, the variety of our Medicare product offerings and the popularity of our senior value proposition will appeal to employers and retirees as the best answer for group Medicare. Of course Medicare Advantage is not only popular with seniors its also good for the nation. We have long made the case that private sectors partnership with Government through Medicare Advantage brings a dual benefit. Cost savings over time for the financially strapped Medicare program as well as better benefits and better health outcomes for Medicare beneficiaries. This comes from the power of Care Coordination an essential component of Medicare Advantage that is absent from original Medicare. Taking hospital inpatient days per 1,000 members and admissions per 1,000 members is but two among many examples, this slide shows the dramatic beneficial affect that Care Coordination which at Humana includes such programs as personal nurse and disease management has on member wellness and cost. This slide is only the small part of a much larger bigger story.  Through our many care coordination programs and services Humana is making progress toward our goal of a more effective healthcare environment for seniors which over time is expected to achieve Medicare Advantage annualized costs well below traditional Medicare on a sustainable basis. Results oriented clinical management, quality doctors who are cost aware but not cost driven on behalf of the patients and comprehensive consumer education initiatives all play a roll in this growing success. With the Medicare program facing fiscal catastrophe in a relative short period of time and with none of these measures available outside Medicare Advantage the societal need for these efforts will only become more urgent. The current payment rates make possible the build out of these capabilities to the benefit of seniors now and for our nation over time. Turning now to our Commercial business this segment once a problem area now consistently adds value to the bottom line. It continues to demonstrate year over year earnings growth and did so again in the second quarter. In addition, we are not experiencing pricing problems in the market due to discipline and targeting specific accounts and lines of business to pursue. We have an extremely well balance medical membership portfolio and our benefit expense trends remain unchanged. In particular our Commercial business has already benefited from the specialty product acquisitions we made in the fourth quarter of 2007. These products tend to be higher margin and help us remain competitive in our Commercial offerings as employers increasingly turn to companies like ours that have the ability to offer comprehensive solutions. Our continuing success in this segment is also built on the expansion of our geographic footprint and industry leading tools and service to the agent broker community.  In conclusion our ability to raise EPS guidance for the year today was due largely to our PDP issue playing out better than expected. Favorable trends in our Commercial lines and Medicare Advantage businesses also helped ensure the continued progress we expected there. Our analysis of HR 6331 yields the conclusion that our network development efforts in Medicare combined with the two year transition before major provisions take effect mean that the measures impact is manageable. There will probably be some up side competitively as other carriers scramble to respond. The quarters stand out take away is that we performed effectively across all our business lines and as we look to 2009 putting our PDP issue behind us on December 31 of this year were pleased with our prospects. With that let me turn the call over to Jim Bloem for a detailed update on our financial results.
Jim Bloem: This morning Ill cover the following five topics. First, our second quarter segment revenues. Second, the current expectation for both 2008 overall Medicare benefits ratio and Commercial segment profitability. Third, a comparison of the first half and anticipated second half operating cash flows. Fourth, our investment income in portfolio. Finally, our 2005 through 2008 capital deployment history with a view to 2009 subsidiary dividend capacity. Lets start with second quarter revenues. Each segment continued to report solid double digit growth over the second quarter 2007. Commercial revenues grew by over $293 million or 17.7% primarily due to our fourth quarter 2007 specialty acquisitions and a 3.5% or $120,800 increase in our year over year organic medical membership. Government revenues increased by nearly $631 million or 13.2% on the strength of a 17.2% or $194,700 growth in average Medicare Advantage membership as well as a 6.3% increase in Medicare Advantage premium per member, per month. Solid membership and revenue growth in each segment continued to provide us with balanced consolidated pre-tax growth. Moving next to the expected 2008 overall Medicare benefits ratio, as Mike described our better than expected second quarter EPS results and todays increase in full year 2008 EPS guidance primarily reflect the fact that adverse effect of our PDP issue is now expected to be near the lower and of the $330 million to $390 million pre-tax range that we first described in March. Of course as the slide shows, the PDP issue still makes our 2008 expected overall Medicare benefits ratio higher in all quarters versus 2007. Although todays better news allows us to lower the 2008 expected benefits ratio range by 50 basis points to between 85% and 85.5%. Accordingly weve also increased our 2008 Medicare operating margin guidance by 50 basis points to approximately 3.5%. Turning briefly to our Commercial segment were pleased with our progress there today as well. Our first half pre-tax income of approximately $203 million represents a nearly 40% increase when compared to the prior year to date. The benefits ratio for the first half of the year shows 110 basis point improvement year over year. This improvement is driven primarily by the acquired specialty businesses combined with stable cost trends and disciplined underwriting around our commercial medical business. Looking now to the remainder of the year were quite comfortable with reiterating our Commercial pre-tax guidance of $280 to $300 million and would further add that we see the full year 2008 Commercial benefits ratio improving by 50 to 100 basis points over 2007. Turning next to cash flows from operations, we are reaffirming our full year guidance of $1 billion to $1.2 billion based on the expected second half component ranges shown on the slide. Higher expected second half net income due to the normal PDP quarterly earnings pattern as well as significant collections of accounts receivable including Medicare receivables combined to drive our second half cash flows to an anticipated range of between approximately $900 million and $1.1 billion. Also, as mentioned in the press release we collected over $257 million in Medicare receivables in July. Our first half comparison of 2008 versus 2007 operating cash flows was weak due to the improved claims cycle times discussed in the first quarter which continued into the second quarter. As we mentioned on April 28, we believe improved claims cycle times strengthened our relationship with both providers and consumers. As we look to second half of this year the comparison with the second half of 2007 strengthened significantly due to the amount of the prior year Medicare risk share repayment. In 2007 the Medicare risk share repayment totaled $726 million and in 2008 its expected to be approximately $80 million. Turning now to investment income in our portfolio the second quarter investment income fell $9.1 million sequentially primarily due to first a 50 basis point drop in portfolio yield and second, a $1.2 million impairment charge recorded on seven of our 1,200 securities. The lower portfolio investment yield primarily reflects the 100 basis point drop in the Federal funds rate since March 18. Our portfolio continues to perform well, benefiting from high credit quality and relatively short duration. That said, in order to be a well diversified $6.3 billion fixed income portfolio one can expect to have various types of securities and issuers which have attracted negative media attention of late. With that fact in mind, the following is a June 30, 2008 compilation of the four types, amounts and issuers that we closely monitor. First, sub-prime mortgages, as discussed in the February call we retained $4 million of AAA rated sub-prime securities from three issuers. Second, Alt-A mortgages. We also retained $7 million of AAA rated Alt-A mortgage securities from four issuers. Third, auction rate securities, we hold $95.5 million of primarily AAA rated securities after a $5 million mark to market in the second quarter. These securities comprise 36 issues from 21 issuers. Lastly, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac preferred shares; we hold $17 million in three A rated securities. These securities were rated AA at June 30, 2008. For each of these four classes all of the above mentioned securities are current on both principal and interest and we expect that to continue to be the case. Combined at 1.9% of the total portfolio most of these securities with the exception of the Fannie and Freddie preferreds have had their ratings reaffirmed within the last 180 days. The Fannie and Freddie preferreds will probably be favorably reevaluated in light of the Federal Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 which was signed by the President last week. Once again, our high credit quality, our short duration and our ability to hold securities to maturity continues to serve us well. Theyve enabled us to guide to 2008 full year investment income of $345 to $355 million up 11.4% at the mid point from the $314 million that we received in 2007. Turning finally to the subject of capital deployment, I would like to briefly review our sources and uses of cash for the four year period 2005 through 2008. This period is relevant since it covers the years from the 2005 ramp ups of Medicare Advantage and Part D through the initial three years of these programs. These programs represent and these changes represent the most significant changes to Medicare since its enactment in 1965. By both designing products which meet the needs of seniors and then deploying capital to build infrastructure as well as to recruit and retain the people necessary to implement these changes weve been able to double our revenues and nearly triple our net income over this important four year period. During this time weve been able to generate $4.7 billion of cash and raise through debt offerings an additional $1,350,000.  The combined cash total of just of $6 billion enabled us to successfully meet the changes contained in the Medicare modernization act while continuing to grow our other lines of business. As the left side of the slide shows the major categories of the $6.1 billion of cash disbursements over the same period are divided up in four or five groups. The computer chooses net differences a reduction of approximately $50 million in parent cash. The point here is not to precisely predict the change in parent cash but rather to indicate the near quality of the cumulative cash sources and uses over this important four year period. As the pie chart on the left shows thats really history.  What were really here to talk about is the future. As we progress toward 2009 we should be well positioned to continue to generate and to a lesser extent borrow in amounts which are consistent with our investment grade credit ratings, the funds which will continue to enable us to increase the value of Humana. Our capital deployment strategies going forward will continue to primarily involve capital expenditures and acquisitions. Now also the return of discretionary capital through share repurchases. As an additional source of cash looking forward we anticipate that the cash required to fund operating subsidiaries will continue to decline. In 2006 required funding reached $724 million, last year was $307 million and this year we expect to be required to fund $175 million or about 25% of the 2006 amount. We believe this years $175 million to be more representative of the amounts that will be required going forward. In contrast to these 2005 through 2008 required subsidiary funding amounts our capability to dividend capital from our operating subsidiary should continue to increase after this years reduction due to the PDP issue that weve talked about so many times and announced in March. Dividends to Humana from a dozen or so of our major operating subsidiaries were $248 million in 2006, they rose to $377 million in 2007 and they were $296 million this year. We expect to be able to dividend approximately $500 million in 2009 and this would represent a one third increase over the $377 million that we dividended in 2007 which was the first year at bat that we werent adversely affected by this years PDP issue. Briefly to summarize, we see balanced membership revenue and pre-tax growth in each of our segments. Our Commercial segments Medicare benefit ratio continues to improve both in the first half of this year and as reflected in our expectation for the full year. We anticipate strong second half operating cash flows which allow us to reaffirm our full year guidance of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. High credit quality and short duration continue to provide us with the liquidity and strength in and of our balance sheet in these volatile credit times. Finally, our four year capital deployment for Medicare is now largely complete, signaling a higher capacity for 2009 dividends to the parent from our operating subsidiaries. Higher subsidiary dividends will enable us to deploy more of our capital to continue to raise the value of our company. With that well open the lines for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions in fairness to those who are waiting in the queue. Operator, would you please introduce the first caller.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs : Could you talk us through where your outlook on the Medicare drug plan business improved? What were the specific driver where your assumptions proved to be somewhat conservative? What is the likelihood that we might see further improvement against your assessment as we move through the balance of this year?
Jim Murray: As you would guess everything is around utilization, thats the biggest estimate in the calculation. When we were back in March we actually didnt have two months behind us. We were looking at such things as what could adversely develop more than what we had thought. We think that weve captured it very clearly and that the utilization really is to reason that things are better.
Jim Bloem: In addition to Jims point about utilization were seeing continuing improvement in our generic dispensing rates and also I think there was probably some risk share money that we received on the PDP we dont accrue for. All those elements added together to create the improvement that we reported on today.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs : Another question on the outlook as you think about 2009, I recognize that you havent provided guidance yet. Youve talked earlier about conceptually 2009 being a growth rate based off the mid point of your old 2008 guidance which was $545 million. Is that still the framework for your thinking and has there been any evolution in the way that youre looking at that since we got the last update from you.
Mike McCallister: No, theres no change there. We have said all along that well get a little more granular about it once we get a chance to look at everyone elses Medicare products and pricing and that sort of thing because Medicare Advantage is a key component in what 09 is going to look like. Were pretty comfortable that we have taken care of the PDP issue. I think that still stands.  We had one issue as we talked about many times and it produced a reduction in this year over what we previously a pretty good growth rate and as we look into 09 its a one time event, it lasts throughout the year and it ends on January 1st and so theres no reason to expect us to retrace to a lower starting point. I stand by that $545 million as a kick off point relative to 09 that well share more detail around that at the third quarter call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Boorady  Citi Investment Research.
Charles Boorady  Citi Investment Research: On deeming, how will you be able to assess the willingness of providers to contract with you for coordinated care network based products in the markets where you now rely on deeming?
Jim Murray: One take away this morning is were not really all that reliant upon deeming. We have to get people to ultimately shift to a PPO product but in terms of the provider side of it I think at this point weve come to the conclusion that providers are going to be willing to work with us in most parts of the country. As Ive described a network strategy in the past its not built upon getting better deals from them than Medicare paid them. Youve got to ask yourself why would they not want to work with us if were willing to pay them as well and faster than the Medicare program. If they do that the only thing theyre doing is keeping a private choice opportunity away from the seniors in their communities. At the end of the day I think the providers will be working with us across most of the nation and there may be some isolated spots where they are recalcitrant but out experience tells us thats not going to be the case that they can be done, its hard work, you have to burn shoe leather, people have to go out and do what it takes time but theyll work with us.
Charles Boorady  Citi Investment Research: On prior period developments that went up a bit this quarter can you characterize what contributed to that and I want to confirm TRICARE is no longer included in that number. If you could just tell us what was Commercial versus Medicare?
Jim Murray: Generally speaking as we mentioned briefly in the press release on the Commercial side we did have a prior period development between $10 and $15 million when you looked at compared to last year. If you take 2007 there was about a 130 basis point difference between the first quarter and the second quarter Commercial MER that was due to the fact that we had a lot of high deductible plans that we added and a lot of HSA type plans that we added. Those were new to us last year.  This year we started out knowing what the incurred would be for those types of plans we had quite a few of those plans. Again now it really swelled to 470 that difference. When we look at the first half thats really what wed like you to focus on the first half 110 basis point improvement that basically will tell you what we think is going to happen in the year and as I said in my remarks were expecting a 50 to 100 basis point improvement this year, year over year for the full year Commercial MER.
Jim Bloem: To restate some of what Jims already said is that last years first quarter was better than we had anticipated because of the high deductible health plans and the HSAs and some of that favorable development that occurred in the first quarter of last year rolled into the second quarter we reported as such. Thats why its more appropriate to look at our first half versus first half. We feel very good about the progression of MER this year and going forward because now we have a good feeling for how the folks utilize those plans.
Charles Boorady  Citi Investment Research: Is there a same store Commercial MER that you can give us without the specialty products that had a downward impact on it?
Jim Murray: The specialty products are new this time they added about 5% to our Commercial pre-tax total. You can see theyre in the improvement but as I mentioned the improvement is approaching 40%. They have an affect but they have a relatively small affect as we begin to ramp those up and work those into our business. The main thing really is on a same store basis if you go back to what Jim said and what I said about the 110 basis point improvement looking at it from the first half standpoint and what you can expect for the year thats the way we believe that you get the apples to apples you need going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers.
Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers: On the risk adjusters I heard Jim I think mentioned that there was a true up in the risk adjustment in the PDP side it sounded like I was under the impression you were accruing everything but maybe the magnitude of one time or non-accrued risk adjustors.
Jim Bloem: On the MA we do accrue the risk adjustor because we have the risk share. We do, do that because we understand what the part a and part b is for each of the people that we have for the risk adjustor. We understand that for MA PD. On the PDP we waited for the remittances that we get from CMS because we dont have that information. We dont really know what the risk adjustor is for those people and so in that case its more in line with what we received and what we got knowledge of receiving in the second quarter.  Thats the primary reason for the improvement in the PDP that we mentioned going now to the lower end of the $330 to $390 million range. Then we just took the part of it that applied in the first half and flipped that over also to improve the second half.
Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers: The PDP you actually got your reconciliation from CMS. On the MA side Jim there was no 2007 final reconciliation in the second quarter, theres nothing materially different versus what you had accrued is that what youre saying?
Jim Bloem: No, our accruals are right on so were very happy with how that reconciliation turned out.
Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers: In terms of the 2009 bids without getting into absolute bids Im curious what are the target margins, I dont think you talked about products but I think you talked the overall Medicare book Im curious what the target margin was for 2009 all in Medicare?
Jim Bloem: The same 5% that weve talked about over the number of years remember if its better than that and we enrich benefits and its less than that then we take a look at benefits.
Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers: We should expect, excluding PDP losses this year, if we do apples to apples it looks like you guys are bidding to get back down to the 5%.
Jim Bloem: Yes, thats correct. Thats always our goal, as we said, we raised it 50 basis point today based on the improvement in the first part of your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: A quick question on PDP, any color you can give us on enrollment next year based on your bids so far.
Jim Bloem: Probably not until we see the other competitors offerings. We obviously, as Mike said earlier on his remarks we feel pretty comfortable that weve addressed the problems that plague us this year but until we see what other folks have done its really difficult to identify or estimate the amount of gains or losses that we would have on that.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: There arent any significant geographies or product types that you discontinued all together?
Jim Bloem: We put in our bids, the way this works is that the rest of the industry puts in their bids and then they develop whats called a benchmark and depending upon how that benchmark turns out for everybody and where were at relative to that tells us whether theres geographies where we may lose some of what are called dual-eligible members or auto-allocated members. We dont know the answer to that yet.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: There are geographies that you decided not to bid on that youre in currently.
Jim Bloem: No, not at all.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Do you have any idea of who or how many other bidders there were in the South region of TRICARE and also if you could give us a little color theres a Medicaid contractor losing is that the ASO contract?
Jim Bloem: We have no idea how many TRICARE bidders are, we wont find that out until the contract is awarded then the Government gives you an opportunity to understand all aspects of the bidding process. The ASP contract that we lost is in Puerto Rico, the Metro North contract that we got about two years ago and there was some re-pricing of that this past year and we felt we were pretty tight on what we had bid in the prior years and we werent willing to do anything different. That was awarded to another competitor on the Island.
Jim Murray: The entire Puerto Rico business is not material to our results so this small component of the Puerto Rico business is less material.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: When you do actually lose that membership?
Jim Bloem: On November 1st.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: If you can talk a little bit about your initial expectations for medical cost trends in 2009 and I know most of the competitors are talking about pricing for a bit of an upward drift maybe 50 basis points or so. Im interested in your initial views on that and how you plan on positioning pricing as well for 09?
Jim Murray: As we shared with you on prior calls we have a committee of folks that get together every Friday and we work on medical cost trends for both our Commercial and Government business and put initiatives in place to monitor and control those costs. I cant speak for the rest of the industry, we feel very good about where medical trends are and we dont anticipate anything negative occurring in the future. A drift up, as you refer to it we dont see that. Obviously there are hospital systems that periodically will want to get some rates that are bigger than theyve gotten in the past but we negotiate with them and we work through issues with them. We havent found anything significant in the last several months or several years that has negatively impacted us. As we look forward to 2009 we dont see anything significantly different. Perhaps were in a different position than the competitors who are talking about that. As it respects us I feel actually pretty good about what we see going forward.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: So your view is stable trend heading into 09?
Jim Murray: Yes.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Im interested in some thoughts around the group Medicare products. Obliviously for the industry overall not a lot of pick up there yet, obviously theres been a lot of political uncertainty. Im interested in your thoughts on what gets this market started or do you think that with the Dems potentially coming online that could leave employers hesitant given that that would equate to additional reimbursement uncertainty over the next few years.
Mike McCallister: I think that theres no question that the political noise is kept employers largely on the sidelines. Theres been a lot of movement of public entities toward group Medicare because of Gasby. Having said that I think that were going to have an interesting time here next year as the political situation settles in. Once we understand the long term nature of the private sectors involvement in this program which Ive said many times I think well be significant and in fact growing. Once that gets clear I think employers are going to be a little more comfortable in sitting down and trying to figure out exactly how these programs work for them. Theres a lot of interest and there has been. Ive heard competitors talk about their pipelines being full and all that. Yes, its a lot of interest, the phone is ringing off the hook but at the end of the day weve also said this in the Commercial business in the large space, theres a fair amount of inertia in the employer space and I think thats whats at play still.
Jim Bloem: Being the quasi salesman with the finance background its hard to say that Im a sales guy. I would quickly point out that with our compliment of PPOs and HMOs and something unique to us where weve embraced the regional PPOs a little bit more than some of our competitors have. I would argue that we offer a pretty unique opportunity for groups that are looking for some cost savings. I continue to be very, weve struggled through this past year, I feel very good about the value proposition that we can offer to a lot of the employers who again are looking for some alternatives.
Mike McCallister: Let me just reinforce that one more time. What Jim is basically saying is that employers have been hesitant to rely on private fee for service as a retirement solution because of uncertainty around that and the noise associated with it. Clearly, in our opinion theres a long term opportunity in the network environment across much of the country. That represents a pretty good footprint for large employers who have people in many locations. I think were in a slightly different spot than others who are completely dependent on PFFS for the retiree group. Again, I think its a combination of political noise quieting down, them coming to understand how the PPO can work. It will be up to us to execute around sales distribution strategy. Im with Jim; Im relatively optimistic long term about the employer group. Its pretty inertia bound at the moment.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: On Commercial MLR your thoughts around seasonality of that in 3Q versus 4Q, I know last year it was pretty much flat 3Q versus 4Q but will you maybe have some mix or deductible type differences this year?
Jim Murray: We think that last year would be pretty indicative by the time it got to the second half of the year we understood. Youre very familiar with the pattern as it goes through the year so its generally declining as we go. The MER goes up, the profitability declines.
Jim Bloem: You might reference him back to the first half change over last year and where you see the rest of the year coming that would be an indicator of what we see happening in the back half.
Jim Murray: As I mentioned a few minutes ago we see a 50 to 100 basis point improvement based on the 110 that we see in the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake  UBS.
Justin Lake  UBS: On Part D revisions I want to make sure I understand that specifically what the changes are around, you quantified them pretty well just the one. Of the improvement in Part D how much of that came from higher risk score payments you expected? How much was on actual utilization improvements? Within that utilization improvement can you give us an idea of how much of that occurred in the enhanced product versus the problem you identified within the duals?
Jim Murray: We laid out three separate items that caused the improvement. One was the utilization and the slow down that Jim referenced. I added that the generic dispensing rate is improving and then theres the risk. I would estimate that each of those played about a one third roll in the improvement that were seeing.
Mike McCallister: You have to remember the improvement is measured off something that we did with about 45 days worth of days. Now that were safely through half the year I spend less time wondering about how are off that initial estimate, thats important because we gave that and it was the best we could do at the time. When you look at the risk share payment not being accrued and the possibility at that time for further adverse development based on the little sample size we have of the 45 days. That really explains the $330 to $390 million and now as we work through it staying toward the lower end of that it neither surprises me nor does it really confound me given what we had to work with when we did the original estimate.
Justin Lake  UBS: Between the enhanced products was any of the improvement in the enhanced part or was it all on the basic plan?
Jim Murray: I would guess that it was probably 50/50 between standard and enhanced a little bit on the complete as well but not a significant amount.
Justin Lake  UBS: I think you mentioned that there was a $257 million receivable collected in July for Medicare, whats that relate to.
Jim Bloem: That generally relates to the MRA payment. They let us know at the end of the second quarter but we collected it in early July. Thats really one of the big explainers around the cash flow that I mentioned. Thats really why we bring it to your attention.
Justin Lake  UBS: The MRA payments is that just the in year for 08 or is that the 07 and 08.
Jim Bloem: Its the 08.
Justin Lake  UBS: If I look at that $257 million from a risk score standpoint can you give us an idea of how much of that was Part D versus Medicare Advantage?
Jim Bloem: Generally we said that the biggest part again is the part we dont accrue which had to do with Part D and then the other part the payment comes through. When you look at what the difference between what we told you before and what we have now its obviously the part that relates to Part D.
Justin Lake  UBS: Im just looking at the absolute dollars of that $257 million how much of that, is that mostly Medicare Advantage.
Jim Murray: Its mostly Medicare Advantage. The PDP is something based upon the Medicare fee for service world and whats happening with those individuals. Theres nothing there, its not a very significant portion of the $200 million or so that Jim referenced.
Justin Lake  UBS: The reason I ask, as you look at the $257 million if it is mostly Medicare Advantage and theres about $2.5 billion in 08 and theres $2.5 billion of premiums it would look like the risk scores went up 10% if you just divide those two numbers. Im curious to see whats driving that, is it a sicker population, if Im correct, is it better continued improvements in coding and how you look at that look going forward.
Jim Bloem: Its all of those items added together. The population, the folks that we get is whatever it is and at times we see that the risk scores are going up as you referenced but theres also a work that were doing around the coding infrastructure. I dont know where you got your number from but its a part of our day to day operations. We think were very good about identifying risk scores and conditions. One of the things that we feel very comfortable about is that were trying to get payments for the risks that were assuming from the Federal Government.
Justin Lake  UBS: I got that number by dividing the $257 million into your year to date Medicare Advantage premiums. We can take that offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer: I was wondering if you have any data you can share on how the PPO network today compares to private fee for service. If you look at private fee for service and say the network is essentially 100% of the market what would a comparable or an average PPO network look like in relation to the relationship to that, also from a unit cost perspective if youre paying docs 100% of fee for service in the private fee for service program whats a comparable reimbursement rate today for PPO?
Jim Murray: Let me address your second question first because Im trying to make sure I understand the first part. We pay Medicare allowable generally thats our principal and thats our philosophy. There may be a system or two throughout all of where we do business where weve given a little bit more or a little bit less but generally we pay a Medicare allowable which is equal to what the hospitals and doctors get from the Federal Government. On your first question I think what youre asking is how large is our PPO network relative to the network that exists for the seniors to use if they were in a fee for service.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer: Or in your private fee for service I assume theyre roughly comparable.
Jim Murray: I would guess that were probably 75% of the existing population of hospitals and doctors in a particular area. Thats a broad generalization that we serve. Obviously its better in some locations and worse in others. Generally speaking I would estimate that its probably 75% of the choice that the seniors could otherwise have were they in a private fee for service plan.
Mike McCallister: I think its fair to basically say that our strategy and philosophy around the completion of those networks over the next couple of years is that were going to end up generally around 75% in most communities. Were not looking to get to 100% thats not the right way to do this. Were not out chasing contracting every doctor and every hospital in every community that is not the strategy. We get to somewhere in the 75% range we think were going to adequately meet the market relative to having a good product offering as well as a good broad array of positions primarily as choices even more so than hospitals.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer: On the 2009 guidance just to confirm you are expecting to give it on the third quarter as opposed to investor day?
Jim Bloem: Correct.
Jim Murray: Justin, weve looked at our Medicare Advantage revenues year to date and weve taken the number of $260 million which was our MRA payment and actually the percentages that were calculating, thats why I said Im not sure I knew where you got your number from is not the 10% but more like 3%. I wanted to clarify that for everybody online rather than doing that one on one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Costa  FTN Midwest.
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest: As a follow up to the last one, can you tell us exactly how many doctors that you use today are in your PPO network. I know 82% of the geographies but what percentage of the doctors that are being utilized are currently networked into your PPO products? How do you expect to roll that out in terms of migrating membership or getting people to switch into the PPOs? Are you going to start trying to do that right away or do you think that will wait till the last year?
Jim Murray: As we answered with the last caller across the system we would estimate the 75% of the providers throughout in our system are in our PPO that also exist in our private fee for service. Generally speaking doctors are easier to contract with than hospitals unless the doctors are associated with the hospital that may not want to contract with us. We feel very good about our ability to contract with doctors throughout the United States to be a part of our PPO plan. As Mike referenced a while back on the call there are some hospital systems in very select parts of the United States that heretofore have held out for monies above 100% of Medicare allowable and were just not there yet. The second part of your question had to do with migration of folks from the private fee for service to our network based plans. This past year about 12,000 folks shifted from a private fee for service to PPO plan because our career sales force walked them through the choices that they had and those folks felt better about our PPO plans as opposed to the private fee for service offerings that they had available. Thats number one.  Number two, the one thing that we shared with you a long, long time ago was that we created two private fee for service plans this past year with the expressed intent to try to get people to begin to think about PPO like offerings so that it would be easier to migrate them to those kinds of plans over the future.  This past year we have what we call Plan A and Plan B. For years weve been offering Plan A which has some doctor payments that are co-payments but a lot of benefits that were more co-insurance base. This past year we produced Plan B which is all co-payment based which looks very similar to our PPO Plan. This past year about 100,000 folks shifted from our Plan A private fee for service offerings to our Plan B private fee for service offerings.  That tells us that people like co-payment based plans and since our PPOs are all co-payment based plans we feel very good about the prospects for continuing to migrate them into PPO plans going forward. On the experiment that we shared with you a number of quarters ago and it seemed to have worked out very well for us this past year.
Mike McCallister: If you back out the acquisition fees that are generally all network product and just look at what we attracted on our own what Jim said is very true you can see that weve made very large strides this year in attracting people who we contacted by these products to pick a network product.
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest: In general will there be a premium paid by the senior either in 2009 or 2010 thats higher for the private fee for service product versus the PPO type product?
Jim Murray: Obviously we dont want to share any secrets until the Medicare website is produced with all of our competitive. One of the things we have our regional folks sit back and do is to try to create a product continuum which includes our private fee for service or regional PPOs or local PPOs and our HMOs and try to set up a very logical benefit choice for the seniors to make with the thought in mind that theres a continuum and theres different folks out there that like different things. One of the things weve done is weve studied our seniors and we identified those types of seniors who like particular kinds of benefit offerings and we try to identify what appeals to all those seniors and weve created products and we taught our captive or career sales force how to attract and discuss some of those benefit offerings with those folks based upon their attitudes. A lot of work in that regard.
Mike McCallister: Our ethnic-graphic work basically has told us that this is not a homogenous crowd and weve been building products and offerings to appeal to a broad group of different segments.
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest: I believe I failed to say when I first asked the question doctors I was referring to is the primary care doctors is that actually 75% of primary care doctors?
Jim Murray: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch.
Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch: Taking a step back with the stumble this year on the PDP and the complete plan a couple years ago, what have you learned from that and how is that factor into 09 and how do you have confidence that you wont have a hiccup in some form or fashion going forward?
Jim Murray: As you might expect Ive learned quite a bit. What weve learned is that the seniors are extremely budget and shopper conscious. Some of the things that we did this past year was we made ourselves more attractive because of some of our benefit offerings. Weve learned a lot in terms of what the seniors are able and willing to do to try and find a bargain. It changed our thinking about the nature of this business and so weve learned a lot in terms of how we have to match competitive offerings and find ourselves on the competitive spectrum with our offerings. Weve also studied as you might expect a lot of the cost infrastructure as respects generic dispensing rates and use of mail order and we understand a lot more about the hydraulics of all of that and what the impact that those have on trend development. Weve learned quite a bit and we feel very good because of what weve learned on how our bid for this coming year addressed a lot of the situation that we confronted on March 12 this past year.
Mike McCallister: I would add its been fascinating to watch the conversation around PDPs in particular over the last few years because we all remember all the noise and all the criticisms that these seniors would never figure it out, its way too complicated, theyre not capable of understanding how to make choices. It all needs to be simple and we want to treat them as a homogenous crowd. Weve heard all of that noise.  At the end of the day we can tell you after three years of this they are very good at finding the best value for them. They work at it and you better make sure that from a transparent environment when theyre shopping and doing the things Jim described that you have positioned yourself property to get appropriate mix of risk and that youve built your products and your priced them accordingly.  Its been fascinating to watch what is truly a consumer retail business one decision at a time play out in a bidding environment. Its been interesting, its been painful at times but I think weve learned an awful lot about consumers in general and seniors in particular.
Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch: On the M&A front thereve been a number of recent deals can you talk a little bit about valuation expectations from buyers relative to what you were seeing in the market either 12 or 24 months ago. Wrap around that comments about the competitive landscape shifting as others look to prepare for changes to deeming in 2011 and to what extent that creates further opportunities.
Mike McCallister: Weve got plenty of other opportunities out there and I think thats the first part of your question about the valuation. People are becoming more and more aware of the valuation generally of the five or six largest companies and how that pertains to their valuation given the fact that there still would appear to be a fair amount of consolidation thats left to be done in the industry.  You need the scale, you need a lot of things to get by to build the capital to be able to provide the service and to be able to have the kinds of things that weve developed for example in the Medicare and with respect to the deeming as you mentioned before and the new law that just was passed last month. Generally I think these kinds of increasing challenges give smaller plans, provider owned plans, other people who own plans generally the impetus to take a real look at the economics of the plan in relationship to the plan with other entities they might own.  Looking at those valuations we think that theyre correcting and getting in line with the correction thats occurred in our industry overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets: Thinking about the deeming change in 2011 how are you thinking about how you will consider or how you will measure success in transitioning private fee for service members over to network products. Do you have a timeline for how that process will occur over the next three open enrollment seasons?
Mike McCallister: I talked about it in my comments. Wed like to the extent possible protect the business we have and you saw from this mornings information that for a very small sliver of the pie we showed you we actually have wonderful opportunity to have these people stay with us. My view of it longer term has always been when you get through with these changes to the program which have been inevitable do we still have a growth opportunity going forward after that, thats why I spent a little bit of time this morning talking about that. We will continue to build out in mature networks, weve got a lot of people applied to have had them out there for a couple years to build out and be in a position to offer the most attractive possible PPO option to everybody we do business with. We will continue to network in places where we currently dont have PPOs so I think by the time we reach January 2011 we feel like were going to be very well positioned and to keep what we have. Id also mention there are places around the country where there are just not enough folks there to really make all that work all that useful. There will be some that we will not deliver a PPO to but not many. The good news is as we build out the PPO networks to support the existing business that in and of itself represents a long term platform for growth because that work will have been accomplished, our competitors will be hustling to catch up so I think well be out there in front of everyone again with this new product array which is the PPO being the primary driver. To me its question of how much of our existing business will transfer and I think its going to be a lot. Do you have an opportunity for growth after that based on building out those networks and those products being attractive and the answer to that is yes, I think theres a big up side still.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets: Secondly, when you talk about the environment for Medicare Advantage changing, I would think that maybe your thinking would include a reduction in the benchmark to get them closer to fee for service at some point over the next couple years. If the benchmarks go down to 100% of private fee for service would you still target a 5% margin and if you did target a 5% margin how can we think about the potential growth. The ultimate question is can you get a 5% margin and growth under that environment?
Mike McCallister: Thats our intent. We believe thats possible. Several things have to drive that. First of all I dont know whats going to happen with rates. Heres what I do know rate cut mean. Rate cuts in the short and mid term definitely mean benefit cuts to seniors. Theres no question about that, nobody should be confused. Having said that, over the long term every quarter youll notice we tease up some clinical activities to give you some sense of where the opportunities are to actually more effectively coordinate the care. Youve got the efficiency and productivity were seeking inside of the program which gives more room for either richer benefits or more sustainable benefits as people attack this program. In any case, I think at the end of the day we have to be as efficient as possible. We are targeting driving a lot of efficiency and effectiveness around everything from administration to clinical coordination.  We know theres a big up side on the clinical coordination in the senior population. Weve been working with this population for 20 plus years. You can even take it back further we used to be a hospital company and saw from the provider side for many years. We understand what Medicare looks like and the way the utilization plays out.  We understand how big of an opportunity there is in just blocking and tackling coordination because its a mess in the traditional program. We have a big opportunity there and the quicker and more mature we get our clinical coordination efforts and we bring in data mining and connectivity and all those other things that are evolving in this business the longer this program has to be widely successful for us no matter what happens in Washington.  Thats the way we think about it, thats the way were building out, thats how were spending our money and we plan to be in this for a very long time and to the extent the private sector is involved in this there is huge up side from where we are today. You have 10 million people in Medicare Advantage approximately, youve got 40 million over the age of 65 that number is going to get bigger and bigger youve seen that chart many times.  This is the growing market in health insurance in the United States and were glad to be where we are, were positioned beautifully for it and we think through efficiency and productivity and all the things weve been investing in that we have both a short, mid term and long term opportunity but its not simple insurance work its managing costs and coordinating care.
Jim Murray: The only thing that I would add to what Mike said is that geographically obviously theres certain locations in the United States where people live and reimbursement rates are such that we think we can make amounts above that target that weve talked about but theres obviously a lot of places in the United States where there arent as many people critical mass is not as strong and with a lack of critical mass comes our inability to put a lot of the resources that we otherwise would put in an MSA that is critical mass and good revenues to provide some savings opportunities. When you think about all of the regions of the United States added together some are going to be higher than the target that we have and some would be lower and I think we feel pretty comfortable that they could average the 5% that weve been pretty consistent about.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets: In your current HMO and PPO businesses if you were to offer, how much would it cost you to provide the equivalent A and B benefit to private fee for service? One hundred percent of the fee for service payment, 90%, and 80%, where do you think that falls out?
Mike McCallister: It differs by the markets that were discussing. Some markets we do very well and others it gets a little bit closer to the 100%. Its all market driven. If you look around the United States and you see the payment ranks for the different counties you can get a sense for what Im talking about.
Operator: Your last question comes from John Rex  JP Morgan.
John Rex  JP Morgan: A quick question on overall trend, a few other health noted something about acuity creep or higher number of catastrophic claims. Im wondering if youre seeing any indications of that in your books or any kind of indications of that potentially being about coding practices and how youve analyzed that.
Jim Murray: In our Commercial book of business its mostly per diem reimbursement but there was a change that was made this past year in the way that hospitals code for DRGs and so we have a market where were seeing some of the coding creep that youve heard referenced earlier. We think that theres opportunities to fix that based upon the nature of our contracts were obviously also evaluating the heck out of it as it relates to our private fee for service business because as you know thats all paid out of DRG basis. We spotted this a while ago. Were already in corrective actions and we feel pretty confident that well get it under control. On the Commercial side its obviously not widespread. On Medicare were seeing a little bit of it but not a lot.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Thats mostly related to the MSDRG?
Jim Murray: Yes.
John Rex  JP Morgan: In terms of addressing that in that book do you have to increase the audits?
Jim Murray: Yes, and we have to have price protection in our contracts and we do.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Nothing though fundamentally in terms of what you think in terms of just actual acuity creeping more so coding practices.
Jim Murray: No, not that were seeing.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Longer term when you think about your Part D business over time can the auto signees and the retail base co-exist in the same plan or you continue to try to separate those. Can they co-exist profitably in the same plan is my question?
Jim Murray: You might address that question to CMS. Weve done a lot of studying and we have a lot of data around costs and what have you. Theres different utilization patterns between the two populations I will tell you that.
John Rex  JP Morgan: Some of your plan design initiatives for 08 it looked like you were trying to address that and potentially creating a retail plan that might be more attractive without undermining the duals, thats the one youre addressing. It seems like ultimately its tough to keep them in the same plans as they are today, is that true?
Jim Murray: Mike has talked a long period of time about the enhanced plan and what weve done around benefit designs around the enhanced plan. We feel very good about the way the enhanced plan is running for us. As is chronicled weve struggled a little bit with our standard plan and as you point out it has duals, it also has low income subsidy members in it and it has some voluntary members in there. Weve struggled with how they can co-exist in the same plan.
Mike McCallister: Let me wrap this up. I think we could say this is a good quarter for Humana; were pretty pleased with where we are across all of our businesses. We spent a fair amount of time this morning talking about our PPO preparation around the Medicare business. I would characterize our position as good. We are competitively in a really good position. We will see our competitors attempt to move to the network environment and we will deal with that as it progresses. I want to remind everyone that our investor day is on November 20th in New York City, we look forward to seeing all of you there. Thank you for joining us today and I want to thank the Humana associates that are on this call for making this good quarter possible. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations Mike McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer  Jim Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Murray - Chief Operating Officer Art Hipwell - Senior Vice President Kathy Pellegrino - Vice President and Acting General Counsel
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research William Georges - J.P. Morgan Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank John Rex - Bear Stearns Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets Doug Simpson - Merrill Lynch
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is [Lori] and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Humana first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'll turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Regina Nethery. Ms. Nethery, please go ahead.
Regina Nethery:  Good morning and thank you for joining us. In this morning's call, Mike McCallister, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our first quarter 2008 results as well as comment on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, Art Hipwell, Senior Vice President, and Kathy Pellegrino, Vice President and Acting General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts.  This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on Humana's website, www.Humana.com, later today. This call is also being simulcast via the Internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humana's website. Before we begin our discussion I need to remind each of you of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humana's website as well as on the SEC's website.  Additionally, investors are advised to read Humana's first quarter 2008 earnings press release issued this morning, April 28, 2008. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our website.  Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made in this mornings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Mike McCallister:  Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning we reported first quarter 2008 earnings of $0.47 per share, a penny more than the high point of our most recent guidance of $0.44 to $0.46. This represents a 12% increase over the $0.42 per share we earned in the first quarter of 2007.  Two important points stand out from the quarter's activity. First, except for the stand-alone PDP issues we discussed with you last month, our 2008 income components are forecast to be in line or better than those we originally shared with you at the time of our third quarter 2007 call in October of last year. And second, we reached 68% of our full year Medicare Advantage net new membership growth target by April 1, in line with our forecasted additions by that date. Based on that and on additional sales activity we were seeing in April, we remain confident we will net up between 200,000 and 250,000 new Medicare Advantage members in 2008.  Let's now look in more depth at our Medicare and Commercial business environments.  Turning first to the Medicare environment, we are pleased that the final 2009 Medicare rates announced on April 7 are adequate to continue to develop products for Medicare beneficiaries with more value than they receive from traditional Medicare. As we've said many times in the past, we will adjust benefits to keep Medicare cost trends in line with net premium increases.  As I mentioned a moment ago, our year-to-date Medicare Advantage net growth is on target, with PPO products continuing to gain popularity. Our Medicare PPO products experienced net membership growth of 73,000 in the first four months of this year versus virtually no growth in those products during the first four months of 2007.  In addition, we continue to round out our Medicare product spectrum through a multi-state rollout of Medigap plans. We've been approved to sell Medigap policies in 46 states, plus Puerto Rico and Washington, D.C., and expect to be licensed in another two states by the end of this year. With respect to the Medicare political environment, it's no secret that Congress must raise additional revenues to offset any changes it makes to avert a cut in physician reimbursement that's scheduled to go into effect July 1. We don't believe it is prudent to cut benefits to seniors to increase reimbursement to physicians. Any cut to Medicare Advantage rates is essentially a cut in benefits to enrolled seniors, so I expect the debate to be robust. Members of Congress continue to hear from their constituents, who recognize the value of their Medicare Advantage plans.  In parallel with our membership growth over the past few years has been the progress we've made in cost reduction and quality improvement through our many clinical and care coordination programs designed expressly for Medicare Advantage members. All of these customized programs are tailored to improve wellness and well-being for seniors and those with disabilities. Medicare members who participate in them consistently report high levels of satisfaction, and all are absent from traditional Medicare, which basically acts as a claims paying mechanism with neither cost controls nor quality enhancing tools and techniques.  I'll now take a moment to discuss a few of these programs in more depth, including one example of the positive health results they produced. In future calls, I'll highlight other programs and their results. Our guidance approach to wellness and well-being follows a continuum that begins with a health risk assessment or HRA. A health risk assessment is a critical tool in both setting up baseline for member health status but also providing early indications where clinical coordination can begin to have immediate impact. Without the HRA, health and coordination would by necessity need to wait for claims development to provide insight. Additionally, the HRA captures important information not embedded in our claims data. The result is speed and productivity for members and Humana in deriving the best results from the many clinical programs in our arsenal.  As this slide shows, we've had a significant rise in HRA participation in early 2008 due to a recently inaugurated rewards program that encourages our members to participate. We've already nearly doubled the 2007 participation rate by new members with a goal of steadily increasing participation.  Let me give you an example of how we apply this HRA data. As you know, a high percentage of people with Medicare suffer with chronic illness. We make available to eligible members appropriate disease management programs to help ensure that they're maximizing their opportunities to manage chronic disease. Our experience shows that participation in these voluntary programs improves members' mobility, their sense of well-being and their quality of life while at the same time reducing costs.  As you can see from this slide, enrollment in disease management programs is trending up nicely. In the first quarter of 2008 we exceeded 50% participation for the first time across all products. Our long-term goal is to drive full participation across all products, including the newer PPO and Private Fee for Service offerings. We can already see the positive impact of better clinical coordination through a number of important measures. The dual benefit is greater wellness for our members and lower cost for the health care system as a whole. One of these measures is the readmission rate to hospitals within 30 days of discharge of patients. Post hospital care after an initial hospitalization often through disease management programs is critical to reducing the chance of a patient being readmitted for the same disease. As the chart shows, care coordination and care management have a dramatic positive effect on hospital readmission rates for Medicare members.  The takeaway from these examples is that while still early in our application of clinical coordination across new products and new members throughout the nation, we grow ever more confident in our ability to drive savings while achieving better outcomes for seniors. This supports the argument that the private sector is an important part of the answer to the nation's need to better manage the Medicare program. Before leaving Medicare, let me briefly update you on our announcement from last month. Our current stand-alone PDP benefit expense estimates for the first quarter and for full year 2008 are in line with the guidance we provided on March 12. We do not see any other business metrics that would adversely impact our current view of stand-alone PDP for the balance of 2008.  As we said we would, we've moved swiftly and effectively to correct our Medicare prescription drug plan bid process in plenty of time for the June filing deadline for 2009 plans. The structure and process for developing bids has been thoroughly revamped and bid process oversight, both within the company and from outside experts, has been significantly strengthened.  I'll remind you that because Medicare resets every year, this is a onetime situation, the impact of which will end on December 31 with PDP profitability back on track in 2009. We are fully committed to restoring PDP profitability to appropriate levels regardless of whether this results in a smaller PDP membership in the future. Moreover, no other part of our business - specifically Medicare Advantage - is affected. Medicare continues to be a strong driver for us, and we firmly believe that our 2009 results will continue the growth trajectory we saw developing based on our 2007 results and our previously projected 2008 expectations. Another key development within the quarter was in our Military Service business. On March 24, the Department of Defense issued its long-awaited formal Request for Proposal for T3, the next contracts for TRICARE medical benefits nationwide. Responses to the RFP are due on May 27 and we will participate. Since current contracts expire in 2009 and the RFP doesnt call for the new ones to start until 2010, we expect DOD to extend our current contract for one year. In our Commercial segment we anticipate extending our record of steady pre-tax earnings growth this year. We have the best balanced membership portfolio in our history and benefit expense trends are in check. Pricing discipline is strong, and as the bar chart shows, our 2007 acquisitions of KMG and CompBenefits have broadened our capabilities in the voluntary benefits dental and vision markets consistent with employers' growing desire for benefit providers who offer full-service solutions. At the same time, medical membership within the Commercial segment continues to show steady but targeted growth. In fact, we're raising our expectation for total Commercial medical membership growth to between 90,000 and 120,000 members in 2008 driven by individual and small group sales and retention improvement. Let me highlight the growth we've experienced over the past few years in the small group and individual and how they're related. It's a commonly understood phenomenon that the percentage of small businesses that provide health coverage to their employees is dropping. However an offsetting trend is that most job creation in the United States is by small companies. As a result, the small business market remains relatively healthy and growing. Concurrently, the individual market continues to grow as a result of the dynamics of the small business market segment. The good news for Humana is that we have strong capabilities in both segments and that there are synergies between the two relative to distribution channels, broker support, online tools, communications, marketing and service support. This slide illustrates how we've grown our individual and small group products over the past four years, taking advantage of the market dynamics I discussed a moment ago.  Before concluding, let me update you on Availity, the industry leading venture we co-founded that's helping drive down our claims cycle time as we discussed in our news release this morning. As we receive claims faster and pay them faster, the 120,000 doctors and hospitals in all 50 states who participate in Availity are experiencing better support and service. Launched in Florida as a joint venture with Blue Cross Blue Shield in 2002, this single-source administrative portal for providers expects to process more than 525 million transactions this year. It also now has partnerships with virtually all major health benefits carriers. In Texas, the focus of major recent expansion, Availity is scheduled to process 115 million transactions this year, up significantly from 2007.  Availity is an excellent example where appropriate cooperation among competitors can bring significant improvement in process speed across many claims and service functions while self-funding the roll out through efficiency for payers and providers alike. Ultimately, Availity helps to lead the way toward the creation of a real-time national health information highway to the benefit of doctors and hospitals, consumers and the health system. In closing, this morning we are raising the earnings per share guidance we shared with you on March 12 to reflect changes in estimates for both our tax rate and share count. As we said in our call on March 12, the root cause PDP bid process issues that produced our revised 2008 guidance are both plainly visible and easily fixed, and much progress has been made in the month and a half since then on fixing them. Since stand-alone PDP represents only 11% of our revenues and all remaining parts of our business are hitting their revenue and earnings goals smartly, we anticipate an on-target performance for the rest of the year and a resumed earnings growth trajectory for 2009 and beyond.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
Jim Bloem:  Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with our first quarter earnings results of $0.47 per share, which exceeded the upper end of our expectations by $0.01.  The penny was due to a lowering of our tax rate to 35.3%. This lower tax rate is a consequence of the stand-alone PDP issues we disclosed on March 12 since tax-exempt investment income is now expected to be a higher percentage of our total reported pre-tax income in each quarter and for the full year.  In addition, the approximately 1.5 million shares repurchased in late March had little effect on the first quarter's diluted share count, but the resulting reduction of ninetenths of 1% of the previously outstanding diluted shares is now reflected in our full year share count guidance along with the reduced dilutive effect of outstanding stock options due to our lower share price. Also occurring in the first quarter we want you to note that the negative first quarter earnings impact of the PDP issues disclosed on March 12 were as we had expected. Finally, an improvement in our claims cycle time impacted both our days in claims payable and operating cash flows.  As usual, we've detailed the component causes of these changes in both the text and statistical pages of this morning's press release. In a few minutes I will review those items in further detail as well as their expected impact on the full year operating cash flow guidance. Next let's look at the expected 2008 overall Medicare benefits ratio. As this slide shows, the benefits ratio progression through the year continues to be driven by our Part D benefits. As members progress through the various stages of their benefits we expect the impact of the stand-alone PDP issues to both lessen and track closer to the original benefit ratio pattern we projected when we released our first quarter 2007 results on February 4. It's important to note that the difference between the red line, which shows our 2008 estimates at the time of the first quarter call, and the purple line, which shows our current estimate, that difference is attributable to PDP issues we outlined for you in mid-March. Our projection for the total Medicare benefits ratio for the full year remains in the same 85% to 86% range that we shared with you at that time. Turning now to benefits payable, our prior period development relative to our year end reserve estimates was right in line with our expectation. This affirms our commitment to consistency and conservatism in both our actuarial assumptions and reserving policies. Additionally, this fact also confirms the cost trend assumptions used in pricing both our 2008 Medicare and Commercial lines of business are aligned with our currently observed trend run rate. Our view of this year's flu season is that although it was worse than last year, it's well within the normal range of variation that we experience from quarter to quarter, and it doesn't change our outlook for the full year. With respect to our stand-alone PDP business, the claims experience that we have observed since our last announcement, which includes both the last half of March and most of the month of April, remains consistent with our March 12 estimates. Now let's take a more detailed look at our days in claims payable, which fell 3.3 days in the first quarter. As most of you know, we believe it's important to analyze the reasons for any directional change in days in claims payable before drawing premature or [inaudible] conclusions such as an increase in days in claims payable always is good and a decrease in days in claims payable always in bad.  As indicated in this morning's press release, a number of factors are contributing to the improvement of our claims cycle time. As noted in the slide, transitioning our Medicare Private Fee for Service business to an internal platform impacted our days in claims payable for the quarter by 1.7 days. I'll elaborate more on this in the next slide, but before then a second factor impacting our days in claims payable calculation is the Part D expense quarterly pattern.  As you are probably aware, we exclude stand-alone PDP business from our days in claims payable computations because of its low level of associated IBNR. However, since we include all of our MAPD expenses, the days in claims payable computation is influenced by the Part D expenses for our MAPD business. Since these prescription drug benefits generally decline over the course of the calendar year as the impact of the coverage gap comes into play, the denominator in the days in claims payable computation declines with each sequential quarter, everything else being equal. Then each year, as we transition from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, the denominator resets, i.e., it increases due to higher drug costs, and that results in a noticeable reduction in days in claims payable. This year the impact of this item was to lower days in claims payable by 1.5 days while last year it reduced this metric by 1.3 days. The third major days in claims payable factor highlighted in this morning's press release was the growth in our Medicare PPO business. Since our PPO providers generally submit claims faster than nonnetwork providers, growth in network base membership shortens the time between when a claim is incurred and our receipt of the bill from the provider. This is what we refer to as the claim receipt cycle time. Any shortening of this cycle tends to expedite cash payments to providers and thus lower the days in claims. Returning now to the improvement in our claims cycle times, we have seen a fairly steady decline in our claim receipt cycle time since the end of 2005. This improvement is shown by the green line on the slide. The blue line shows that the reduction in claim receipt cycle time generally correlates with an increase in the percentage of business administered on internal platforms. This is especially true recently. Now in addition to the recent growth in Medicare PPO products and membership that I mentioned a few moments ago, the connectivity of our provider networks across all of our products has been improving during the same period. That said, the most significant factor still affecting the change in days in claims payable this quarter is the continued migration of our Private Fee for Service business to our internal claims processing platform. When we began the tremendous ramp up for the Medicare Private Fee for Service business back in 2005, we outsourced our claim processing function to a Medicare fiscal intermediary. This was in order to help ensure a successful experience for both our members and providers during this initial period of tremendous and rapid growth.  However, we did not consider this outsourcing of claims processing to be a long-term solution, and immediately we began the steps necessary to administer those claims internally. Early last year we began a slow but steady migration of outsourced Private Fee for Service business to our internal platform. That migration, coupled with the improvements in the speed of our in-house processing as demonstrated by our March 31 days in claims on hand of 4.4 days being the lowest since the second quarter of 2005, that migration results in the Private Fee for Service claims being processed significantly faster, driving down the days in claims payable again by 1.7 days in this quarter. We expect to have all of our Medicare claims processing in house by the end of this year, and that will provide the beneficial effects of lower administrative costs, better connectivity between our commercial guidance model, improved provider network connectivity, and expedited data for insight and analysis.  I realize that I've focused quite a bit of my time thus far on the reduction in our days in claims payable. We believe that improving the claims cycle time metric is both favorable and necessary as we further improve our high service levels and increase transparency to help benefit cost and delivery. All of this furthers consumer engagement in all of our products and segments, and further, this strategy gives us significantly improved relationships with providers across the country. Turning now to operating cash flows, our improved claims cycle metrics are also anticipated to affect the full year operating cash flows, so let's begin by briefly analyzing the first quarter. This slide shows the major factors affecting both this year's and last year's first quarter cash flows from operations. As you can see from the slide, last year nearly $445 million of operating cash flows was aided by three factors which totaled $180 million. Those factors did not recur this year.  Additionally, this year's very modest $4 million of operating cash flows was burdened by three factors totaling $270 million, and those factors did not occur last year.  When you consider that the sum of net income plus non-cash expense add-backs in each quarter were roughly equal, these six factors show that Humana's operating cash flow generation capability remains strong. Now moving on to our expectation, then, for full year 2008 operating cash flows, the only factor from the first quarter that's anticipated to have a significant additional impact in the remaining quarters is that continued migration of the Medicare Private Fee for Service claims to our internal platform. Accordingly, we've adjusted our expectations for full year cash flow from operations.  Now given that the other first quarter operating cash flow factors I described should not recur in the remaining quarters and given the fact that the first quarter, as usual, is our lowest in terms of projected net income, we're confident that we can meet our 2008 targeted operating cash flows of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Again, the difference between the midpoint of this revised guidance range and our actual 2007 operating cash flows roughly reflects the difference in net income expected in 2008 and reported in 2007.  Before I conclude, let's briefly review our investments and debt.  Despite the continued volatility in the credit markets, we continue to experience solid investment performance due to our twin strategies of variable interest rates on both our debt and investments and secondly, rigorous adherence to high credit quality investment standards. The principal attributes of these standards are listed on the slide.  These two strategies enable us to maintain our 2008 net investment income range of $270 million to $295 million despite significant short-term interest rate reductions and continued credit quality concerns across the fixed income sector since the beginning of this year. To summarize, then, except for the PDP issues we disclosed on March 12 - and we realize that this is a very big exception - we're pleased with our first quarter financial results and comfortable with our full year 2008 guidance.  We expect to continue to make financial progress in all of the lines of business as we progress through the remainder of the year by doing those things that have enabled our progress over the last five years. Some of those things are continued investment, underwriting discipline, utilizing technology, offering products which meet consumer needs across the health care spectrum. We intend to do all of this in a way which we expect will continue to further earnings and operating cash flow growth while engaging and satisfying all of our constituents. With that, we'll open the lines for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions in fairness to those waiting in the queue. Operator, will you please introduce the first caller?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Josh Raskin with Lehman Brothers.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Jim, not to belabor the cash flow question but I guess if I look at the cash flow statement, it looked like the outflows were in changes in receivables, other assets and other liabilities. And I guess I would have expected it more on the medical payables if you guys were accelerating the time. So could you just help us understand just from a cash flow statement perspective how to think about it?
Jim Bloem: Again, I think that the slide that I had that compared both first quarters, that is, the first quarter of this year and the first quarter of last year, really I think hits on what those differences are that are sort of lumped together in the cash flow statement. So again, if you go through them, most of what I said talked about the importance of improved claims cycle times, and that was $115 million in this quarter. And then there was leap year and then the timing of vendor payments, which was just the opposite in 2007 as it was in 2008.  In terms of that claims cycle time, I'd like to also say that we think that we're rounding the corner around 50% of being completed with that, and that was roughly about $150 million, as the slide says, so that's why the cash flow from operations guidance for the year was clipped by $200 to $300 because the full year effect of that would be I'd say the midpoint would be $250.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: I guess I'm just kind of confused when I think about the actual cash flow statement. How would you expect that to sort of manifest, I guess, in the future in terms of which line item would we expect to see that?
Jim Bloem: Well, one of the big improvements will be that we're going to earn - the first quarter is where we always report the lowest net income, so that's going to improve significantly as we move forward. And that's really driven by the improvement in the business and getting more of those Medicare Advantage members that we're adding into our revenue flow. So that will, again, that will expand the benefit payable as well. But again, that's the kind of pattern we have every year. What I was trying to do is explain sort of why the difference between $445 and $4 million and then how does that $4 million get to a billion and $1.2 billion at the end of the year.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Right, right. I got that. Maybe I'll just follow up offline with some of the numbers, but just a second question on the Commercial growth. You know, we were surprised by the strength on the risk side, and I know Mike had mentioned the individual and then the small group. But maybe just a little bit more on the geographies and what sort of products are growing? That'd be helpful.
Jim Murray:  This is Jim Murray. The individual business for us is doing very well. Those of you who have come in in the last couple of quarters, we've talked about some new products that we've introduced where individuals can make selections based upon a menu. We've also done some things to make it easier for the brokers that we do business to do business with us. We've talked in the past about how important it is for us to try to create a differentiated value proposition rather than allowing ourselves to become commoditized, and we recognize that there's some price that folks will leave. But we've tried to keep our pricing relatively close to the competition, but recognizing and really pushing some of the other value that we bring.  The markets that we feel like the Commercial individual business is doing extremely well would be states like Florida, Texas, Colorado, Utah, Georgia, Illinois, and in some of those you can tell that we compete with notforprofit Blues, in some we compete with for-profit Blues. And I guess from 50,000 feet what I would suggest is that some of the tools that we've been building over the years to differentiate ourselves from a consumer perspective seem to be playing well against some of the Blue plans that we compete against. It doesn't appear like they have done as much to create the kinds of tools and services that we have as a company, and so we think that there's an opportunity to take some membership away from some of the Blues that have been in this business for a long period of time and haven't done a lot of the things that we've done. We're also doing pretty well on the small group side. We had a nice January in small group, and that looks nice in the quarter. I can't point to a particular market. I would say Texas is doing nicely for us. Missouri is doing well for us; Kentucky and Ohio. Generally speaking, the small group growth is system wide. And again, focusing significantly on how to differentiate ourselves so that we don't position ourselves as a price competitor. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: That's extremely helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs:  Yes. Good morning. I'm just taking a look at the reserve development. And so you had $196 million nonTRICARE this quarter, and that I guess was about 80% of what you captured for the full year in 2007. But if I recall correctly, in 2007 in the third quarter you had $0.25 of that number that was - that you treated as essentially nonrecurring. It just seems like it's a pretty big prior period development number, and I'm wondering if that's in the range of what you would expect to be recurring?
Mike McCallister: Yeah, we think that it is. The third quarter of last year number was really quite a small number. Of that $0.25, I believe it was only a nickel. I believe it was $15 million. So the way we look at it is this is really - what we're seeing in TRICARE is in line with what we think will eventually play out. TRICARE is always negotiating with the government. There are always things that are still outstanding that come out of prior periods, and those are reflected in there as well.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just to follow up on the cash flow topic, I'm not sure if you covered this but I realize you cited the migration from the external claims platform as a big reason - as I understand it, that was a reason behind the change in cash flow outlook relative to what you had suggested on March 11 when you lowered the earnings outlook. I'm just wondering, though, what's really changed between today and March 11 that would lead you to lower the cash flow outlook based on what you know now versus six weeks ago.
Jim Bloem: As we work through this, it's basically a question of how fast it occurred, and it occurs somewhat faster than we had anticipated. Like I said before, we had - just to ground everybody - this was about $115 million of the difference. We think that we're about 45% to 50% of the way. And we hadn't really factored that into the March 12 because what March 12 was designed to do was to show you what was the effect of the error we made on these things.  And then all the other things we only look at on a quarterly basis, so we weren't refreshing all the aspects of guidance. We were only refreshing those to the extent that they were impacted by the change that we announced on March 12. The fact is as we are moving faster along than we originally anticipated with respect to the transition of Private Fee for Service to an external platform and now we're allowing for that in our guidance, we'll be done by the end of the year. As I said, we're just approaching 50%, let's say, so the 200 to 300 is sort of in the middle of twice what we've done in the first quarter.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Boorady with Citi.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research:  Thanks. Good morning. Can you give us a roll forward with the ins and outs on the cash at the parent corp in '08? How much cash you ended '07 with, what's going to be generated in the parent and dividended out from the subs, and what you expect to pay out?
Jim Bloem: Charles, we had 535 at the end of the - 12/31 was 7. We're still in discussions with the various state DOIs about the dividends for this coming year, so generally we were going to give the answer to that in next quarter's call after that's all completed and we've had a chance to settle in with them on the appropriate level of surplus and then what's available for dividends to the parent. And again, that's all based on what we did last year.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: Any rough estimates you can leave us with, what you hope to be able to dividend out?
Jim Bloem: Well, at this point I prefer to just wait another 90 days until we finish it up. Things are going as we anticipated and, again, I think that it's really best now, because we're in discussions with several of them, several of the bigger ones, that we would just refrain from that at this point, and then we'll let you know next time.
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: Okay. Can I ask if you could clarify the comments Mike made on 2009, just as you're going through the planning process for '09, are you excluding from '08 as a one-timer the Part D issue? So are you thinking about 2009 as growing from an '08 pro forma without the Part D losses?
Jim Bloem: We're looking on a trajectory basis basically along those lines. Again, we have to - in order to really firm that up, that's our goal - in order to really firm that up and then be able to talk about that concretely, we need to go through the rest of bid preparation, the bids need to be submitted and then vetted by CMS, and then we need to kind of see how everybody else bid, and then we'll really know about whether our strategy has gotten us to that. But that definitely is our intention.
Mike McCallister: Charles, let me add to that. It's Mike. You know, I've been telling people as I travel around if you look at our original midpoint with our '08 guidance - I think it was 545, something in that area - and as we think about it going forward, I mean, I think we're going to be looking to grow from that original point. We have to do some work, as Jim said, to kind of decide how much that growth is going to be because part of it's going to be - clearly we won't have the drag of the PDP in '07, but then we have to decide what that business will look like as we finish the bid process. So I think there's some moving parts here.  But our mental model is this is a onetime event and that we'll be back on the trajectory we were on before. And we'll have to decide whether the '09 number is going to be what we might have originally thought or whether it's going to be different. But we're certainly not going to be incrementally moving from the point you're looking at today for '08. 
Charles Boorady - Citi Investment Research: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Georges with J.P. Morgan.
William Georges - J.P. Morgan:  Thanks. Good morning. I'm wondering if you could just address some of the moving parts around your Commercial medical loss ratio. You referenced lower yields, I guess, as a result of mix shift, but the MLR also came in much lower than historical levels, so could you sort of give us your thoughts there, and where does it go going forward? Should we expect it to normalize?
Jim Murray: Sure. Sure, this is Jim Murray again.  One of the things that are part of all of that is the mix shift that you just referenced from larger, fully insured business, which had been our history, towards more individual and small business. The targeted medical expense ratios in individual and small group are significantly different than they are for larger, fully insured books of business. So that's a very big dynamic. So the more we grow in individual and small business as a percentage of the total, our medical expense ratio will improve. The other thing that we've got going on this quarter that significantly impacts us is the acquisition of CompBenefits in last year's fourth quarter, which has a very favorable medical expense ratio in the dental and vision space, and also the acquisition of KMG in Specialty lines, which also have better than our existing book of business medical expense ratios. So all of those factors coming together have created the medical expense ratio that you see there today.  There's also a seasonal pattern that existed in the first quarter relative to the high deductible health plans which wears off as the year progresses, particularly in the fourth quarter. But we're pleased with the direction that we're going in our medical expense ratio, and as we get our overall block of business more aligned to the risk mix that we talk about when you all come in, I think that you'll be very pleased with what you see going forward.
William Georges - J.P. Morgan: Okay, that's helpful. And a question about the shift in your Medicare Advantage book towards more PPO. How do you think about that and how should we, in turn, think about that as you migrate members off of the Private Fee for Service books?
Mike McCallister: This is Mike. You know, we've said for a long time that we think the Private Fee for Service is a transitional product over a number of years to help spread private sector offerings across the country and to introduce the idea to people. And I think that's been very successful.  I think long term. That's the reason I teed up a couple of clinical things today in my comments and will continue to do so. Long term, the future of Medicare Advantage is going to be managing and coordinating care for these people because we have to find cost savings. And part of that is going to be to get them into PPO products over time so that they bring in that last component of cost management which is the network itself. So we've been a pretty aggressive player when it comes to developing PPO capabilities. We've been working on networks for several years, and now we're seeing the products becoming attractive to people and some people are moving and buying straight into PPO as opposed to going to Private Fee for Service first out.  So it's part of the long-term strategy. I think that the PPO is the future, not the Private Fee for Service, and we've been preparing for it and now we're beginning to see early indications that the transition is going to occur. 
William Georges - J.P. Morgan: Should we expect to see growth rates, though, sort of flip flop, then, between the Private Fee for Service and the PPO membership?
Mike McCallister: It depends on payment rates and if they change based on product design. What happens in Congress will dictate some of that. I think we let the market dictate that for us at this point. I'm indifferent to whether someone picks a Private Fee for Service for a PPO product at this point, but over time I think the growth rate could change dramatically depending on the overall context.
William Georges - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research:  Thanks. Good morning. Just first, a question on PDP and as it relates to fixing the issues for 2009. I guess the most interesting one is the mix issue. You've spoken to that. I think it was about $120 million. And I think one of your larger competitors has also mentioned it, you know, the mix of duals as being - pressuring their margins as well. So given the fact that CMS put out some new regs in regards to calculating the benchmarks and how they're going to allocate duals next year, can you talk about what the pressures are going to be for you to kind of weigh membership versus margins in that retail kind of basic benefit plan, where you have both the LIS and the retail members considering you need to, both yourselves and United, are going to be looking at price hard due to mix and they're going to be allocating them based on weighting, membership weighting?
Jim Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. As you might expect, this past month and the next month we're doing quite a bit of analysis in terms of the dynamics that you just described trying to really understand the cost structure of the various kinds of business that we have. We're also evaluating where we think the benchmarks are going to go, not only given the change that CMS announced recently but also what the dynamics of the industry are and what we're hearing in terms of what some of the competitors are feeling in terms of cost pressures here.  So, you know, not really willing to talk about our strategy, but I would guess that there'll be an upward bias to the benchmark. And as we said on March 12, we're going to price our products commensurate with where we think our business mix is going to fall out, and we're doing some things to study our premium levels and what might likely happen and persistency related to the various blocks of business that we have to try to figure out the membership that we'll have after we deliver the premiums that we think are sufficient to return to the levels that we were going to be at in '08 and hopefully in '09. So lots of moving parts but, as you might expect, lots of study. I would guess that there'll be an upward bias, as you said, to the benchmarks this year after a couple of years of a downward shift in the benchmarks.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: Okay. And then, just in regards to Medicare Advantage enrollment growth, can you talk us through - kind of coming into the year, I think you had given three or four different categories where you had been looking to add membership on a gross basis. And I think you most recently updated us that the employer side was a little bit lighter than expected and you were making it up in other areas. Can you give us an idea of where you are now versus what you expected as far as gross additions, and specifically can you highlight how PDP upselling is working out for 2008? Thanks.
Jim Murray: Sure. Again, this is Jim Murray. We had talked a year or so ago or during the course of 2007 about the various categories that we anticipated getting membership from, and what I think we talked about the last time was the fact that the group opportunity for us wasn't playing out as we had anticipated and so we moved some things around in terms of getting our career agents to make up that shortfall. And I think what I said at the time was that going forward for all of our guidance to you and for our setting of budgets internally, what I would prefer to do is to set targets based upon what we think the career and delegated and affinity relationships could provide, and to the extent that we get any group business, that it would be totally upside.  We're doing a lot of work in the group space. We've got lots of folks who are talking to a lot of customers, small companies that have retirees, large companies, government agencies, welfare funds and what have you, and we're creating a lot of good relationships but, you know, what I would like to do is rather than just fish I'd like to catch some, but I don't want to count on that until they come in.  All of the other pieces that we talked about in terms of upselling and the career folks and the affinities and delegated agents are all doing extremely well, as is demonstrated by our reconfirming that we're going to somewhere between our guidance that we talked about. But the group is one that we just want to be much more comfortable with and when we start to see some positive sales there, then we'll report those as upside.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: Okay, what was the upselling target for this year? Can you just remind me?
Jim Murray: We hoped to get somewhere between 80,000 and 100,000 members from the PDP opportunity.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: And you're on target for that?
Jim Murray: Yes.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Research: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christine Arnold with Morgan Stanley.
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley:  Hi, there. A couple administrative things and then a conceptual question. Did you have any realized capital gains in the quarter? Investment income looked pretty solid.
Jim Bloem: Yeah, none out of the ordinary. Generally the first quarter we do some rebalancing of the portfolio and in the normal [trade] that goes with that. Because interest rates have come down, there were some but it's not anything greater than it was at the same time last year.
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: It was $7.5 million in the fourth quarter. Was it higher or lower than that?
Jim Bloem: It was about that. I think it was $8 or $9. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then the [inaudible] looked really positive. Was there net prior period development helping any of the business lines, in particular Commercial, this quarter?
Jim Bloem: No. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, finally, could you talk a little bit about your Medicare Advantage yield? I would have expected kind of risk scores from membership you added last year to improve the yield, and yet the yield on Medicare Advantage was kind of 1%, 1.5%. Might you be seeing improved risk scores later in the year as you true up some new membership last year? How do we think about the Medicare Advantage yield we saw this quarter?
Mike McCallister: Christine, the problem with talking about an overall yield is the mix of membership and where we're selling. If we looked at a specific state or region, then we could have a discussion around mix. We feel very good about where our mix is coming in if you look at it on a state-by-state basis. But again, some of the areas that we're growing in, the gross premium that we get from the government is below where we had members in the past and so it's difficult to look at it in total.
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: Well, this is a good run rate, where we are first quarter?
Mike McCallister: I didn't hear that question.
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: I'm sorry. This is a good run rate, what we're seeing this quarter?
Mike McCallister: Yes.
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Nersessian with Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Hey, good morning. The first question is just a quick clarification. All the enrollment guidance for the year is organic, correct? Doesn't that include the OSF? 
Jim Bloem: That's correct.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then the 29,000 jump in April in terms of the MA enrollment, could you characterize it? It doesn't sound like that was a retiree account. Was that just age-ins or was there some SNIP membership in there? 
Jim Murray: No, just normal sales. Not a significant number of groups. 
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then could you just touch on your target Commercial SG&A ratio? I guess your mix of business has shifted in there to individual and more Specialty products driving that up. Is there a target you could speak to over time in terms of where you hope to get your Commercial SG&A ratio or is this a good run rate?
Mike McCallister: Well, again, I think it's a good run rate. And as Jim mentioned when we talked about the benefit ratio in Commercial, the corollary of that or what follows from that is the better benefit ratios in the newer products that we've added and in the mix of business that we're continuing to seek, those have higher selling costs associated with them and they have a higher SG&A ratio. And we've said that, basically, that that would add 40 basis points to the consolidated this year, and you saw that 40 basis points in the first quarter. So we think that the run rate's pretty good, and again, it's just reflective of the mix. The good news is, though, is again, there's a very positive result in Commercial because of these adds. 
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay, so do you think that the Commercial pre-tax margin is going to - it was a little bit higher than the 6% target in the quarter, but obviously you spoke to the seasonality from the high deductible plans - I mean, when we think about that for the full year, are you expecting something approximating 6%?
Jim Bloem: It comes down just as that answer suggested because again, we continue, as we indicated in the press release, to have more consumer, more Smart plans, more high deductible early in the year. So we're seeing right now the highest margin basically that we'll probably see all year because of that. And then that will recede during the year to come in closer to that.
Jim Murray: Those of you who have come in in the past year or so, we've talked about the fact that we've targeted something closer to the 6% range for 2009 full year, and then based upon where the competitors are versus where we're at at that point, trying to figure out how high we can go. But we're pleased with our continuing progress over the last several years.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay, great, and then the last quick one. There was a drop in the securities lending payable balance sheet account. What is that exactly, and could you describe what the drop in that was a function of?
Jim Bloem: Well, it's a function of how much securities lending occurs, and here's what you get with that: There's a 2% additional collateral when you lend out securities. The cash portion is there, so generally speaking the volatility that was in the prior quarter at the end of the year, that volatility went down. That led to less. There's a comparable liability to the asset, so whatever it is it doesn't really affect the balance sheet.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay. And no impact on the cash flow statement or the income statement either?
Jim Bloem: No, because again, there's on each side and it goes in financing cash flows as opposed to operating, which is what we've been talking about. 
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks. First question, do you have a same-store Commercial MLR for the quarter or if you can spike out just how much the acquisitions reduced the Commercial MLR by?
Jim Murray: This is Jim Murray. I don't think we have that off the top of our head.
Jim Bloem: Once we integrate acquisition, I mean, in the fourth quarter we kind of said well, we had each of these companies for a small amount of time, basically the month of December. But then once they come we just put that in with all the other business that we have in Commercial, and it gets subject kind of to the rule that we look at all Commercial as a whole. And we don't disclose, really, what each of the pieces are.
Jim Murray: If I was going to guess, you know, the revenues on the books of business that we acquired are probably less than a half a billion dollars, so I wouldn't anticipate that it's a significant impact, although it's probably some part of the increase. But I'm sorry we can't be more clear about that.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Oh, that's okay. And a follow up to just get your views around sort of secular medical cost trends at this point. And it looks like all the component guidance for costs are stable sequentially and just given, you know, the ongoing debate right now in the industry on whether cost trends are rising or not, I just would be interested in your views on that in the Commercial market. And then maybe also if you can highlight how your variation in claims trends might be looking across the three primary MA products, Private Fee HMO, PPO, and whether you're seeing any variance in them or whether they're all sort of tracking in line with expectations.
Jim Murray: Okay, this is Jim Murray again. We're seeing really stable medical cost trends. Over the last several years we've done a lot to try to focus on the various elements of medical spend, and again, over the last several years, we've been flat to slightly down. We don't see any piece of that accelerating in any way, shape or form. And so it may well be that we've just focused on it a little bit more than our competitors or it may well be that the industry is more flattish than some of the debate that I read about when I read some of your write-ups. As it relates to the MA, as you might expect, because of the growth of the PPO business, the early returns on that are hard to figure out relative to the Private Fee for Service. Obviously, our HMO business, which is about a half a million members, the medical spend there is very, very solid. PPO looks like it's going to be where we had anticipated. We're in the process of studying that as we're doing our bids in May and June. But generally speaking, we're pretty pleased with the medical trends on our MA business. We're seeing some nice stability. You all have talked in the past about the duration effect, and there's also an effect when you enter a state or a location at first. The disability population is the first to join, but you sell through that, you get a much more stable base of business. So we're finding out a lot about our medical trends on MA, and we feel very good with what's happening. And Mike shared with you some of the things that we'll see positive implications of in the future as we manage this book of business much more so than the Medicare Fee for Service world does. So, again, pretty pleased with what we see developing. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Got it. And just quickly, on the 1Q MA enrollment, does that include the acquired United book in Vegas? And just, if you could remind us, if so, how many lives that netted out to?
Jim Murray: No, it doesn't include it, and I think it's 28,000 lives.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: So that would be in 2Q?
Jim Murray: That's the goal.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Rex with Bear Stearns.
John Rex - Bear Stearns:  Yeah, thanks. I'm wondering if you could just give us some kind of order of magnitude differential in what you saw for flu impact in the 1Q versus last year, realizing you said it was definitely within the realm of what you had anticipated. But can you help us understand how different it was versus last year, a much more mild season versus this year's much more severe season?
Jim Bloem: Yeah, it was between $25 and $30 million total across all product lines. And most of it obviously was in the Medicare, but again, we think that that amount is really within our normal guidance and within the normal range of fluctuation that we observe on these things from quarter to quarter because there's always something in every quarter. 
Jim Murray: Some years the flu is bad, and some years the flu is good. This year was a little worse than it was in the prior two years, but for us it wasn't something that threw us off track in terms of our guidance.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: Okay. And so when you said $25 or $30 million, that would be $25 to $30 million incremental from what you had realized last year or $25 to $30 million all in?
Jim Bloem: $25 to $30 million over last year.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: Over last year. Okay, great. And then just back on the trend components, there's been some commentary about rising unit price pressures on the hospital side. You guys specifically note that you haven't seen that in the guidance you give, but have you seen any kind of shift in the marketplace out there at all and maybe kind of where you are from a contracting standpoint for the year with the hospital side?
Jim Murray: Again, this is Jim Murray. We've talked in the past about the relationships that we tried to develop with a lot of the hospital systems trying to partner with them to figure out how we can assist them and be more administratively a partner and help them with some of the bad - I think I read in the Wall Street Journal this morning about hospitals with bad debt concerns, and that's one of the things that we try to help them focus on.  And so we don't have an approach to go to war with hospital systems and enter into significant negotiations which can end up ugly. Our approach is working with them, trying to get the best rate in a particular location or at least equal to the best rate by being a good partner with them. So we're not seeing a significant pushback from the systems that we do business with. And so I don't see anything shifting in terms of our relationships or the negotiation process throughout the areas that we do business. 
Jim Bloem: And speeding up the claims payment. Those are the kinds of things that really help us with providers, including hospitals.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: Have you noticed any change in kind of the discount differentials between best in class in the market and where you're coming in at generally over the past year?
Mike McCallister:  Well, it's - this is Mike - it's shifting and it's shifting slowly, but I think it's an important trend. Jim mentioned earlier that we were growing our individual business and small group business in places like Utah, Colorado and Georgia - where I think I've mentioned this to you a number of times in the past - where we're seeing exactly that, the hospital systems that have, you know, they've all consolidated into situations where if they're not in a monopoly they're in an oligopoly at best. In some of these communities, they've taken a much more strategic view of their relationships with payers and they're narrowing those payment rates to the point that the hospital deals are no longer a barrier to entry, and in those particular states that's exactly what's occurred. We have market-leading pricing in the hospital world in all three of those states and those are relatively small markets for us, but they're growing nicely.  So I think we're going to see more of that. If you step back and you ask yourself if you were the hospital CEO, why would you advantage one payer over another, and the answer is there's no reason to do such a thing. So I think we're going to see more of it, and I think those prices are going to continue to get more narrow. Then I think the payers are going to have to compete on some other basis than their ability to get a better price from someone.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: Great. And this is the last thing. Early '08 view - I'm sorry, '09 view - that you've provided in terms of the indication there, does that envision essentially flat Medicare Advantage margins also over [rate] so it's X'ing out Part D?
Jim Bloem: Well, you know, we've said since the beginning we target our entire Medicare book of business at a 5% operating margin, and we will continue to do that and we will do that as we sit and think about '09 as well. Again, we think that's a reasonable margin for that kind of business, working with a giant government partner. And we think it's sustainable and supportable, and there's such a huge growth in the market that it's fine to have that margin. So as we look into '09 and plan for it, we're going to be targeting again somewhere in that neighborhood for Medicare in total.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Carl McDonald with Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Thanks. I'd be interested in the PPO growth you saw in Medicare this year. Was any of that switching from Private Fee for Service or was that all new members choosing the PPO product?
Jim Murray: This is Jim Murray. It was a mix of both of those. One of the things that you might expect we're attempting to do is to create benefit structures and premium structures where we'll shift folks from Private Fee for Service into PPO. And so there has been an effort on our behalf to try to begin to give people more and better choices in the PPO space because that's ultimately where we think we need to be in terms of our membership, you know, three or so years out. So there has been some migration because of that, but also from just sales of folks who may have had a Medicare supplement or were in the fee for service world. That's also a big part of that number as well.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Any way to quantify that in terms of is it 50/50 or is it still, you know, 75% new members and 25% switching?
Jim Murray: I could guess, but I'm reluctant to do that. I don't want to give you a bad signal.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Then clearly the net Medicare enrollment growth looks like it's coming in on track. Can you give us some commentary around what the gross adds and the attrition has looked like in the first quarter relative to last year?
Jim Murray: Well, I think the guidance talks to where we think we are as of April 1, I believe. Is that correct, Jim?
Jim Bloem: Right. And that's 153,000. And last year I think we were at around 134 - well, 134,300. So we're up about 13%, 14%. 
Jim Murray: Is that what you were specifically asking?
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Well, I was just looking for - we can see what the net numbers are based on the first quarter and the guidance. I was just looking for what the gross additions had looked like through, say, the first four months of the year and what attrition.
Jim Murray: I don't think they're significantly different than we had suggested when we gave you the four components other than the group piece. But we don't have that specifically right here. 
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Peter Costa with FTN Midwest Securities.  
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest:  Thanks. Can you describe what you expect to go on with your days in claims payable going forward? You know, if you're about halfway there on your systems conversion, does that imply DCP should drop another two days by the end of this year, all other things being equal? And then a question on your group Medicare product. You know, part of selling that is having a Commercial product for the 55 to 65-year-olds. Can you describe what you have there and what you're doing to develop a product there?
Jim Bloem: Yeah, I'll take the first one with respect to where we think days in claims payable are going to go. If nothing else changed, Peter, that would probably be right. You know, you'd have another 1.5 to 2 day hit. But, you know, there'll be a lot of other moving parts in there, too, so I don't - which, you know, there's so many variable, it's very hard to say that that would be it. But you would be correct in terms of how much we've done so far and if you just basically doubled that, that's about where you'd end up for the year.
Jim Murray: On your question on the 50 to 64-year-old population, it's funny you should mention that. I have a 2:00 meeting today on just that subject. We're in the process of working with our folks in the individual space to try to create a product and an opportunity for us to sell folks in the 60 to 64 initially to see how that goes, and we're also starting to figure out different channels that can bring us some of those memberships. So I can't report right now exactly where we're at, but we're in the process of creating some initiatives to focus on that because you raise an extremely good point on getting in front of these folks, particularly as they are beginning to age in and there's - as you know, the baby boomers aging is a significant opportunity which we are very, very focused on - so we're going to spend some time over the next year or so getting our products and services in line to start to capture that more than we have in the past.
Mike McCallister: Pete, this is Mike. Let me take you to 50,000 feet for just a second. There should be no misunderstandings out there that as we continue to execute on electronic connectivity across the system - both for Humana and everyone else and we move further and further toward real-time transactions and that's the end game, we're looking for total real-time environments here. The more we succeed in doing that, the more this particular metric is going to drop on the back of performance.  And the net-net of all that is terrific in terms of the economic impact and the net on the business and the brand from the standpoint of eliminating all the administrative nonsense that goes on in this industry is big. And so we're going to continue to invest. That's the reason I keep teeing up Availity for you all, to keep it in front of you, because that in particular, execution of that strategy, will bring this down by virtue of getting greater and greater real-time transaction environments.  And if HSAs and the things that are necessary to make the consumer world work properly are going to ever meet their potential, then we have to have real-time transactions, and that's what this is all about. 
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Perry with Wachovia Capital.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets:  Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to clarify something on Medicare Advantage margins in the first quarter. The press release seemed to indicate that, you know, maybe underwriting margins had improved versus 1Q '07. Can you talk a little bit about that and whether that's more a mix change in terms of which products are growing, or is it kind of a same-store improvement in medical loss ratios and if that's the case, does it kind of go back to the things Mike highlighted from the slides - disease management and HRAs?
Jim Bloem: Well, Matt, we don't break out, again, the individual benefit ratios on each of the two products, the stand-alone and the MA, but we did say that obviously because of everything that's happened we didn't have a very good quarter in PDP, so obviously the difference, a large share of the difference, is in the MA product and it did enjoy an improvement over last year in terms of its pre-tax.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And secondly, you know, share buybacks, you bought back a small number of shares in the quarter and you have, I think, $150 million repurchase authority out there. Is that something you've kind of revisited since lowering the outlook last month, you know, with the Board, or is that on the table to revisit at some point in the future?
Jim Bloem: We will - basically, once the quarter ended, we were locked out until today, but we won't probably revisit that until later in the year after we finish up given the fact that we made a nice set of buys between the time we made the announcement after we were clear to do that to the end of the quarter. We made a nice set of buys. And then now and again we'll go and look at our sources and uses of funds for the rest of the year and we were going to talk about that in the next call in terms of what kind of parent cash did we get in terms of the dividend, from the dividending of operating sub profits of last year, and those types of things. So that's kind of where we are on that. We're going to continue to - we've made a nice opening on it, and now we'll look at the rest of our capital sources and uses for the year and decide what we're going to do. And we'll talk more about that in the next call.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay.
Mike McCallister: But we will not withdraw the authorization.
Jim Bloem: That's right.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: And you are comfortable running it up - I mean, you've said the range for debt to cap is 25 to 30 and you're kind of at 30 now, but you're comfortable at that level, right?
Jim Bloem: Yes, we are. We're actually at 28.3 at the end of the quarter, and we are comfortable with that, with that guidance. We're very committed to our investment grade ratings. 
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take today's last question from Doug Simpson with Merrill Lynch.
Doug Simpson - Merrill Lynch:  Hi. Most of my questions have been answered already but, Mike, I was just wondering, you had the Complete plan issue a year back and then this year you had the PDP benefit design issue, just maybe from a qualitative perspective, give us some comfort or the way you're thinking about 2009 and what's really different this year and how are you confident that you're not going to have another issue as we look toward 2009.
Mike McCallister: Well, it's a fair question, but I think the first thing you have to do is you have to separate the two issues. We talked about this I think quite a bit on the call in March. You know, we were entering an entire new world when we went into the PDP business back in the very first year, and there was a lot to learn in terms of how seniors were going to choose and whether they were going to finance their drug use or whether they were going to buy insurance and protect themselves and those sort of things. And we learned an awful lot in the first year, and we learned through the Complete plan experience that they weren't going to buy insurance. They were really financing and doing cash flow analysis on their drugs. So that's a separate sort of incident, although at the time it was painful. But if you recall, the overall performance of the PDP that year was actually pretty good. So I separate the two in my own mind.  This year was really quite specific in terms of a mistake being made, so then the question is, if you think about '09, how do you prevent that from occurring, because that's a totally different issue. We think we know how seniors at this point are going to buy and how they're going to choose and the things they're looking for, and that they are not all the same. We know all that. So I think we're in a pretty good position as we make the process work better to get to the right result for '09. I'm very confident we will. We actually got the Complete plan straightened out pretty quickly in '07.  So I don't think this was a difficult thing to figure out at this point. I don't think it's a very difficult thing to fix. We have to do some homework around how market share might move under any number of scenarios, but I think Jim is right - the benchmark is likely to be moving up. We'll have to take that into consideration.  But I think it is challenging to do a bidding process like this where everybody is an individual consumer and everyone is free to move around every year. So I don't want to understate the complexity of it, but I feel very comfortable we'll be in good shape for '09. I think the real question mark is how big is the business going to be at that time. We'll work through that here in the next few months.
Doug Simpson - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mike McCallister for any additional or closing comments.
Mike McCallister: Well, thanks again for joining us this morning. Let me just summarize by saying we are prepared to make sure that our PDP business is in the right position going forward. In Medicare Advantage, I think we will have some noise this summer as we talk about the physician payment schedules and how to fund all that, and I'm sure Medicare Advantage will be part of those conversations. I think longer term nothing's really changed politically at this point. We will, I think, be a part of the Medicare solution over the long term because of the clinical coordination and the things we're beginning to do to actually help with long-term costs in Medicare.  Our product spectrum in Commercial continues to expand and improve our margins and our performance. We continue to be excited about the opportunity to apply technology and we've had some great results there in recent quarters. And then lastly I want to thank the Humana associates that are on the call for everything they've done to continue to put our company in a great spot for the future.  So with that, we'll end the call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for joining today's Humana first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Regina Nethery - Vice President Investor Relations Mike McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer  Jim Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Murray - Chief Operating Officer Art Hipwell - Senior Vice President Kathy Pellegrino - Vice President and Acting General Counsel 
Analysts: Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs Charles Boorady  Citi Bill Georges  JP Morgan Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers Christine Arnold  Morgan Stanley Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Justin Lake  UBS Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets Peter Costa  FTN Midwest Securities John Rex  Bear Stearns Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to our host Regina Nethery, Vice President Investor Relations.
Regina Nethery: Good morning and thank you for joining us. In this mornings call Mike McCallister, Humanas President and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will briefly discuss highlights from our fourth quarter and full year 2007 as well as comment on our earnings outlook. Following these prepared remarks we will open up the lines for a question and answer session with industry analysts. Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray our Chief Operating Officer, Art Hipwell, Senior Vice President and Kathy Pellegrino, Vice President and Acting General Counsel. We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both managements prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes, that replay will be available on Humanas website www.humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the internet along with a virtual slide presentation. For those of you who have company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Humanas website. Before we begin our discussion I need to remind each of you of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the Investor Relations page of Humanas website as well as on the SEC website. Additionally, investors are advised to read Humanas fourth quarter 2007 earnings press release issued this morning, February 4, 2008. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our website. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made in this mornings call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that Ill turn the call over to Mike McCallister.
Mike McCallister: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. The financial results we are reporting this morning reflect another year of significant growth for Humana, further demonstrating our ability to anticipate and focus on the needs of our varied consumers and customers. Through innovative plan design, clinical programs, financial forecasting and consumer education combined with solid operational execution we continue to deliver a compelling value proposition to our growing membership base. Our value proposition is built around the idea that consumers, if offered actual information and guidance are just as capable of making savvy cost effective decisions in healthcare as they do in their other purchasing choices. In 2007 this approach produced a record breaking year for membership, revenues and net income on top of a similarly record breaking 2006. The combination of leverage from our growing Medicare membership base, higher commercial pre-tax margins and the continued solid performance of our Military Service business, aligned to achieve record earnings per share again in 2007. The $1.43 per share Humana earned in the fourth quarter of 2007 contributed to EPS for the full year of $4.91 approximately 69% higher than the $2.90 we earned in 2006. Our fourth quarter came in above our previous expectations due to a lower than expected effective tax rate for 2007 and earnings from a venture capital gain. Two thousand seven was an unusually strong year for earnings growth as membership increases and operational execution amplified the full year benefit of the doubling of our Medicare Advantage membership in 2006. As Jim Bloem will explain we anticipate $0.05 per share of additional 2008 benefit due to the lower 2007 effective tax rate. Accordingly, this morning we raised our 2008 earnings per share guidance to a range of $5.35 to $5.55. With continued membership growth and strong operational execution driving these results. Let me briefly recap our most significant accomplishments of 2007. In our Government segment our Medicare Advantage membership came in slightly better than previously forecast with ending membership of 1,143,000 representing a growth rate of 14% versus the prior year. Medicare operating margins were slightly above our 5% target driven primarily by the final Part D reconciliation for 2006. In June of this past year we submitted our 2008 Medicare Plan bids similarly targeting an operating margin of approximately 5%. Just as importantly we made further progress in engaging senior consumers as evidenced by preliminary data indicating the shift to more proactive care by our senior members. For instance 34% of our new senior members completed Humana health assessments in 2007 compared to 24% new members in 2006. This is important because the health assessment provides a vital roadmap for positive behavior change for such programs such as Silver Sneakers and Personal Nurse. Another example of our progress is with our Heart Failure Disease Management Program. Between February and August of 2007 our senior members in this program raised their drug compliance rate from 82% to 88% a significant stride forward. These are just two examples where care coordination across all product lines including private fee for service is beginning to gain traction and improve clinical results for seniors while offering real hope relative to the managing of costs in the Medicare program over the long term. Also in our Government segment our Military Services Unit is fully prepared to respond to a formal RFP for the next round of contracts once its issued. We are confident that we will offer a compelling proposal which highlights our deep experience with this unique product including our exemplary service to beneficiaries during the past 12 years. In 2007 our Military Services Unit also achieved success with its VA contracting when it was successful over six competitors in being awarded all four contracts for the Department of Veteran Affairs first ever network demonstration project know as Project HERO. In the Commercial segment we are quite pleased with our improvement in 2007 and anticipate further progress in 2008. In fact, improved operating results in 2007 made up for approximately $50 million in venture capital gains that this segment benefited from in 2006 but did not recur in 2007. Additionally, our provider networks continue to expand and improve reflecting the synergistic effect of the growth in our Medicare business.  We also significantly broadened our portfolio of offerings in the growing specialty benefits market from two acquisitions completed this past quarter. CompBenefits in KMG America, here again we enhanced our ability to anticipate the needs of consumers who are now more likely to op for these types of offerings than in years past, as well as responding to employers desire for a comprehensive spectrum of benefits and related services that help foster their employees engagement, retention and development. The Specialty products market is a growing one with industry reports projecting mid to upper single digit growth for this sector over the next few years. With our total Specialty membership now at 6.8 million up from 1.9 million at the end of 2006 we are well positioned to take advantage of this growing market. Integration of these acquisitions is proceeding swiftly due in part to the strength of senior management and the capability of employees at the acquired companies. We believe that 2007 achievements just described position us well for 2008 both in terms of the existing environment and future trends. Let me touch briefly on what we consider the primary strategic considerations in the external environment for 2008. One, Medicare rate for 2009, two, Medicare sales environment, three, the commercial sales environment and lastly the political environment.  First preliminary payment rates for 2009 Medicare are expected in a few weeks with the final rates due out on the first Monday in April. While we estimate the Medicare rate book rates to be up in line with the medical cost trend in the 4% to 6% a number of technical factors also come into play which CMS details as part of its final rate release in April. Regardless, as weve done over the past 20 years we will adjust the benefits to ensure the Medicare medical costs trends matches the net level of premium increase. Turning to Medicare sales, we are pleased with the results we are seeing to date. With January Medicare Advantage Net enrollment up 100,000. Components of this increase include higher retention levels than we had originally expected indicative of the loyalty of our senior members. Gross individual sales are on track while group sales continue to prove challenging as employers continue a wait and see approach. Consistent with our long stand approach to Medicare as a retail consumer business we prefer individual sales. There are two main reasons; first, because we can clearly lay out the value proposition we offer directly to the buyer and second, because one to one sales volumes are much more predictable than wholesale employer sales. We expect a greater portion of our gross sales for 2008 will now come from individual Medicare sales. We remain confident with our forecast for Net Medicare Advantage sales of $200,000 to $250,000 for 2008 significantly higher than 2007 with 65% to 70% of this total now anticipated to be effective by April 1st, up from 60% we had previously forecast. With respect to the Commercial sales environment our membership forecast continue to reflect strong pricing discipline. The Commercial group sales environment is still very competitive with the most heated competition from mid to large groups and national accounts. Consequently, most of our group sales have come in the smaller case sizes. Our individual product Humana One also continues to show strong growth as is our Smart Family of consumer focused products. Finally, Im often asked about the current political environment and the presidential candidates various proposals for health reform. Each of the candidates brings a thoughtful perspective to the many healthcare challenges our national faces. At the end of the day we believe each of the candidates proposed plans can lead to opportunities for our sector as a whole and Humana specifically. With respect to Medicare specifically we have a long history of working successfully with leaders of both parties in Congress and the White House.  In addition, we believe the combination of Humanas expanding marketshare, wide spread geographic presence and high rates of program wide enrollment as well as high rates of senior satisfaction come together to lessen the likelihood of significant changes to the Medicare program over the next several years. Turning now to more detailed look at our Medicare business we are particularly pleased with the growing interest seniors are showing in our Medicare HMO and PPO products. In fact, nearly half of our net enrollment growth in Medicare Advantage products through January has come from our PPO offerings. From the sales distribution perspective our career agents continue to account for the vast majority of our gross sales contributing approximately 75% of the total. As we said on past calls the remainder of our sales comes through the Humana and CMS websites and exclusive broker arrangements. We believe our unique distribution system results in a high quality sale and ultimately better membership retention. One of the best assets our career agents and exclusive brokers have in selling our Medicare PPO plans in the expansiveness of our network scope. Our PPO network was not built overnight, in fact its the result of more than two years of effort, those efforts continue with full force today. We are constantly striving to make the existing networks more robust while simultaneously expanding the geographies that our PPO networks cover. We anticipate continuing as the leader in PPO offerings, the type of benefit plan that most aging and baby boomers have and are happy with it in the workforce today. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, increasing commercial synergies from our Medicare network are leading to enhanced bottom line growth as the next slide shows. As you can see from this slide we gained a lot of ground in 2007 in terms of commercial operating earnings. As we expected on a very small portion of our 2007 commercial pre-tax earnings gained from ventured capital gain, while venture capital gains in 2006 were fairly significant. This slide clearly shows the progress of our commercial operations made in 2007. By strategically drawing our individuals, small groups, consumer and self funded products in a price disciplined manner while adding our recent specialty product acquisitions we expect to build successfully on our commercial segment progress again in 2008. In summary, we again completed a record breaking year for revenue, membership and net income in 2007 and expect another in 2008. Our consumerism strategy continues to prove its worth across the board, but especially in Medicare which weve always operated as a one to one consumer business. Our 20 plus years of effectiveness in Medicare in virtually every type of political environment positions us well with continuing national conversation on healthcare reform.  Our overall strategy combined with accelerating senior demographics for which we carefully prepared positions us for continued long term growth and success. The then and now comparison in this chart gives a sense of how quickly and how effectively we have transitioned in just a short period of time and especially in the last two years from a super regional company offering traditional health benefits in pockets of the US to a truly national enterprise with across the board capabilities in a wide variety of benefit offerings. With that Ill turn the call over to Jim Bloem.
Jim Bloem: Good morning everyone. In this mornings financial discussion Ill focus on the following six areas; first, the drivers of our better than expected earnings in the fourth quarter and our raised earnings guidance for 2008. Second, the major factor impacting the quarterly pattern of our 2008 Medicare benefits ratio which again this year is expected to be the primary driver of our quarterly earnings pattern. Third, the continuing reliability of our commercial pricing and benefit expense trend analysis and their role in our increased pre-tax margins and profit. Fourth, the rationale for and benefits from our SG&A spending. Fifth, our investment portfolio strategy in these uncertain times and our commitment to maintaining a debt to capitalization ratio within a consistent range. Sixth, our expectations are on 2008 cash flows from operations. Let me begin with a brief summary of what changed versus what our prior expectations both for the fourth quarter of 2007 and as we move into 2008. As noted in the press release the lower fourth quarter tax rate reflected two items which we had not anticipated. The first and more substantial of the two reflects a lower overall state tax rate. As our company has expanded geographically our earnings have become more allocable to more states. Many of these states have lower tax rates than the smaller group of states where our earnings previously we dry. Last month as we completed our 2007 year end state tax accruals it became apparent that we had underestimated the impact of this change. Consequently the lowering of our state tax rate added about $0.06 per share in earnings to the fourth quarter over our previous guidance. The second fourth quarter tax related item adding about $0.03 per share related primarily to a better than expected resolution of an audit item with the Internal Revenue Service. Finally, also in the fourth quarter we recorded $0.03 per share related to [inaudible] from the sale of venture capital investment that was realized on December 31st. We continue to expect little or no contribution to the earnings from the sale of venture capital investments in 2008. In evaluating the impact of the lower 2007 tax rate on 2008 the lower state tax rate is the only item having a recurring effect. We now anticipate that our effective tax rate for 2008 will be in the range of 35.5% to 36% versus our prior expectation of a range of 36% to 37%. Accordingly, we raised our 2008 earnings guidance this morning to reflect this change. In terms of how our 2008 earnings per share guidance of $5.35 to $5.55 is expected to be earned among the quarters we are forecasting a more front weighted quarterly earnings pattern for 2008 versus 2007. In todays press release we guided you to first quarter 08 earnings per share in the range of $0.80 to $0.85. Additionally we expect that 71% to 75% of our annual earnings for 2008 will be achieved by the end of the third quarter. This compares with around 70% in 2007; this front weighted pattern is primarily due to quarterly pattern of the Medicare benefits ratio which Ill discuss now. As one might expect the Part D benefit structure creates much variability in the Medicare benefits ratio between the quarters. However, just as 2007 was significantly different than 2006, 2008 is different from both of them. Now whats the same is that when we project our Medicare benefits ratio quarterly pattern for 2008 we continue to anticipate a pattern thats somewhat similar to 2007 with the ratio being the highest in the first quarter and the lowest in the fourth quarter as dictated by the Part D benefit design. However, the 2008 quarterly benefit ratio progression will be less pronounced versus 2007 as shown by the illustration on this slide. The primary factor driving this less pronounced pattern is the composition of our 2008 PDP membership which has changed from last year. We have nearly 300,000 fewer low income senior members effective January 1st. With a higher percentage of non-low income seniors in our enhanced plan and a lower percentage of non-low income seniors members in the complete plan. The decline in the percentage of low-income members is particularly relevant in analyzing the quarterly patterns because these seniors have a steeper declining slope to their quarterly benefits ratio progression versus the remaining Part D members. With the first quarter ratio much higher on low incomes than the overall average and the fourth quarter much lower. Consequently our lower membership in the low income block is anticipated to lower the quarterly benefits ratio pattern in the first half of the year and raise it slightly in the back half of the year compared to 2007. Another factor in the quarterly benefits ratio pattern is the widening of the Medicare Part D share quarters. All things being equal which of course they never are this change would likely reduce the size of the Part D risk share balance at the end of each quarter. However, the magnitude of this factor on each quarters benefit ratio is not all that significant. Heres the twofold take away, the composition of our PDP membership will have a significant impact on the quarterly pattern of our Medicare benefits ratio without necessarily impacting the full year ratio. Secondly, the 2008 quarterly Medicare benefits ratio pattern is expected to drive our quarterly earnings per share for this year. Turning next to our Commercial segment, 2007 marked another year of improving pre-tax margins and profits. This performance continues to be driven by first our consumer focused strategy, second, the sustained pricing and underwriting discipline that we practice, third, our continuous benefit expense trend analysis and forecasting, fourth, our integrated guidance solution and our clinical model, fifth, the achievement of a well balanced membership portfolio in the consumer segment and finally the benefits of scale that our Medicare membership has on our commercial provider networks. Our rigorous benefit expense trend analysis and forecasting includes regular interaction of many disciplines within our organization, this increases the reliability of our commercial pricing and profit planning. At the beginning of 2007 we guided toward same store cost trends around 7% with trends adjusted for our business mix netting to about 5% for the full year 2007. Now that 2007 is over Im pleased to report that these trends fell right in line with our expectations with same store cost trends coming in at 6.7% just slightly better than the 7% trend we had originally projected. We expect these same store trends to again run between 6% and 7% in 2008. With respect to secular cost trend components, i.e. these are the annualized trends before benefit buy downs, there were no surprises here either. We saw inpatient utilization trends come in flat to negative for 2007 and we expect something close to flat again in 2008. For hospital rates both inpatient and outpatient we experienced a trend which continued in the low single digits, while physician costs averaged in the mid to high single digits both of these were in line with our forecast. Finally, also as expected prescription drug trends were in the mid to high single digits. Based on our ongoing deep dive analysis of benefit expense trend factors we do not foresee any significant changes to the components of our cost trends as we move into 2008, as is stated in this mornings press release. Accordingly we remain confident of our ability to meet our 2008 commercial pre-tax earnings target of $280 million to $300 million. We look forward to sharing our progress with you each quarter. Now lets review our SG&A spend. Consolidated administrative expenses increased from $829 million in the third quarter to just over $1 billion in the fourth quarter. About two thirds of this sequential increase was due to additional expenses associated with the 2008 open enrollment period for Medicare. This includes such expenses as marketing, advertising, commissions, postage, printing, and etcetera. The majority of the remainder of the increase in administrative expenses from third to fourth quarter 2007 was attributable to the acquisitions of CompBenefits and KMG America. The increase in expense associated with the 2008 open enrollment period versus the amount spent in 2007 was in proportion to our higher Medicare Advantage membership goals this year. As the slide shows, open enrollment periods of the first quarter 06 and the fourth quarter 06 were marked by the higher spending reflected in the SG&A expense ratio represented by the blue bars and with the dollar administrative spend represented by the green line. In all cases the result was an increase in Medicare Advantage enrollment in subsequent quarters which is represented by the red line demonstrating the efficacy of these expenses. In 2008 we expect consolidated SG&A ratio between 13.5% and 14% which is the same range as we projected and achieved in 2007. The 2008 consolidated SG&A ratio range includes a full year of the higher SG&A ratio of businesses of both CompBenefits and KMG America, which combined if not offset by productivity gains we add approximately 400 basis points to the expected 2008 consolidated SG&A ratio over 2007. Focusing next on our investments and debt our $6.6 billion investment portfolio continues to perform well and in line with our expectations, despite the ongoing turmoil in the credit markets. This consistent performance is the result of our total strategies of variable rate and high credit quality, investments and debt. Keeping our investment returns and interest expense rates variable helps immunize our income statement form the volatility of the rapidly changing short term interest rates that all of us have experienced since August. Generally, as shown on this slide, when short term rates fall both our investment income and interest expense decline but the difference between them remains relatively constant. Now with respect to credit quality the other half of our investment strategy we currently maintain a $4.5 billion fixed income portfolio and a $2 billion in cash equivalents with average credit ratings of AA+ and day one respectively by Standard & Poors. These investments also have the equivalent ratings by the other agencies. High credit ratings coupled with a relatively short duration period of around three and a half years which matches the corresponding short life of most of our liabilities provide additional liquidity and financial flexibility in periods of credit concerns and interest rate volatility like the present. With respect to the well publicized sub-prime situation we acceded to $8.1 million of sub-prime and second lien mortgages with one of our fourth quarter acquisitions. However, by the end of January we have reduced that amount to $4.4 million and were comfortable with the remaining securities that we now own each of which has maintained at least a AA rating after subsequent reviews by the credit agencies. We do not have and have never had any collateralized debt obligation or structured investment vehicles in our investment portfolio. Turning to our interest bearing debt, our debt to total capitalization ratio at December 31, 2007, was 29.5% that compared with 29.4% at the end of 2006. During the fourth quarter we borrowed $350 million off of our bank credit facility to partially finance the CompBenefit and KMG America acquisitions which had an aggregate cash purchase price of approximately $560 million. This raised our debit to cap ratio from 25.7% at the end of September. We remain committed to keeping this ratio in the range of 25% to 30%. Turning last to cash flows, as you can see on the slide the fourth quarter payment of the $726 million for 2006 Medicare risk share payables resulted in a $1.2 billion of cash flow from operations for 2007. Based on the higher net income as well as a higher depreciation amortization expenses expected in 2008 we anticipate cash flows from operations up between $1.5 billion and $1.8 billion after paying back approximately $100 million of 2007 Medicare risk share payables to CMS this year. Capital expenditures are projected to be approximately $275 million mainly for technology and to a lesser extent fixed assets required to more effectively serve our growing membership and to integrate our recent acquisitions. These capital expenditures will be partially funded by an estimated $235 million depreciation and amortization expenses. With respect to cash available for possible acquisitions and other uses, we expect that to increase also in 2008, in addition to a significantly lower 2007 risk share payable versus the one we had for last year, we expect the capital contributions required to be made to our operating subsidiaries will be lower than the $307 million we made in 2007. We plan to give you an update with respect to cash available when we report our second quarter earnings on August 4th. With that well open the phone lines for your questions. We request that each caller ask only two questions in fairness to those waiting in the queue.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could talk about the rate outlook for Medicare Advantage for 2009. I know well get that I guess on April 7th, and you sort of mentioned 4% to 6% as a starting range. Can you just talk through the other items that you think may impact that outlook for the current year?
Jim Murray: Theres a lot of actuary to our very into this and are a lot smarter than me but Mike mentioned earlier that the range relative to the increase for trend would be somewhere around 4% to 6% and we see that being the case similar to what its been over the last several years. There are probably four or five technical adjustments that the CMS is looking at, things like budget neutrality which you all are very familiar with and fee for service normalization. Theres also an item that comes up every couple of years called recalibration of the NA risk factors that we are anticipating that will be something relative to that. When we put all of these pieces together we look at what we are likely to get in terms of a gross increase from CMS and we dont think its going to be significantly different than what its been over the last couple of years. Then the net amount that we would enjoy after the MRA work that we do will probably be very similar to what weve seen over the last couple of years. Again, we only anticipate significant differences and depending upon where it all falls out, county versus county and our membership versus others. Well do whatever is necessary to adjust benefits to make our 5% margin requirement that weve talked with you about many times in the past turned out to be 5%.
Matthew Borsch  Goldman Sachs: You alluded to employers being on the fence and taking a wait and see attitude with respect to group MA sales. What is it going to take for that to change, does it really relate back to the uncertainty over reimbursement policy and so wed probably need to get well into the next administration before that changes, or is there another factor at work?
Jim Murray: Flippantly I would say it would be an act of God but I just got kicked under the table. We are seeing a lot of things happen; the larger the companies are the more we see reluctance. I would say Jim referenced the sub-prime earlier, I would anticipate that that would have a significant impact on the government agencies that have retirees and so over the next several months and year I would anticipate that well see more activity from states and local governments that need budget relief and we are working with them closely. The smaller the company that has, for example theres many companies out there that have 200, 300, 1,000 retirees that seem to be using our services and we are pleased about that but its the larger companies that we arent seeing yet make the decision, although there is a lot more activity with the consultant community. To your point, perhaps more certainty around rates from the Federal government will get the companies that are larger, more comfortable with our solution.  Well play that out, the way we are beginning to think about this is that we want to focus on individual sales and hit it out of the park with individual sales and if any of these group opportunities avail themselves thats just going to be gravy because we dont want to count on that any more.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Boorady from Citi.
Charles Boorady  Citi: In Medicare Advantage can you break out for us the gross versus net adds and also by product, HMO, PPO versus private fee for service in terms of your new adds in January?
Jim Murray: I think Mike had a graph which was like a pie chart which shows where our gross and net adds came from, I would suggest that probably 50% of the, I think we had about $190,000 gross sales came from network based plans and the net $100,000 as you can see probably 60% or thereabouts were network based plans and so we are very, very pleased with the willingness of the membership to accept PPO and HMO arrangements as is demonstrated in the pie chart.
Charles Boorady  Citi: Did that reflect any switching, or can you talk about switching of existing members our of private fee for service to more network based?
Jim Murray: There was some switching but not significant in terms of the numbers that we are seeing.
Charles Boorady  Citi: In the Commercial pricing it seems like you are assuming an acceleration in medical trend in 08, is that just conservatism in how you are pricing or are you seeing cost trends hike up?
Jim Murray: Actually I think we are expecting something of a deceleration, we are very, very pleased with what we see developing in the Commercial trends. I think the past year we had a 6.7% trend is what Jim said earlier and this year we are expecting 6% to 7%. I feel very good about what we see Commercial trends doing.
Charles Boorady  Citi: From your guidance table it previously had said a trend of 4.5% to 5% and your new guidance table for 08.
Regina Nethery: That equates back to the 3.5% to 4.5% in this mornings that includes business mix changes equates to the 4.5% to 5% before.
Charles Boorady  Citi: You are assuming a deceleration, is there a basis for that in terms of what you are seeing in recent trends?
Jim Bloem: Not materially, but again we sight more of the business mix. Its a 50 basis point improvement and what we tried very hard to say today in my remarks anyway was that we spend a lot of time on this as a company in terms of looking for where trends are going to show and where its going to break and how that gets into our pricing and forecasting. We attribute the fact that weve been very consistent in a slight ward down bias in trend to that work.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Georges from JP Morgan
Bill Georges  JP Morgan: A follow up question on what you are seeing in terms of trends. There have been some comments recently made around an up tick in volume of orthopedic procedures, perhaps driven by concerns of loss of insurance and or benefit changes because of weakness in the economy. Are you concerned about that, for your commentary you are not seeing it, but is that trend that youve seen with historical down turns in the economy and how are you preparing for that if that should happen in 08?
Jim Murray: We have seen not anything recently but muscular/skeletal costs are one of our largest increasing cost categories and so because we saw that a number of years ago we outsourced some work with a company that specializes in that and were rolling that company out to all of our Commercial markets and we anticipate that well see a nice improvement as a result of that relationship.
Bill Georges  JP Morgan: Outside of that though you are not concerned about any sort of macro pressure as a result of people using medical services at a high rate?
Jim Murray: No.
Bill Georges  JP Morgan: A question around capital deployment, Jim I know youve talked about this a little bit in the past with growth slowing modestly and somewhat less intense capital requirements you should probably have more free cash in the back half of the year. Can you talk about when you might know about that and what your plans might be?
Jim Bloem: Thats why I said in my remarks, I talked about that by the August 4th call well sort of know where we are on that in terms we will have vetted our position with the state departments of insurance with regard to capital contributions to the subs and to the credit rating agencies with respect to what the deployment strategies would be. We continue as I mentioned in my remarks also we continue to spend on capex and acquisitions both using a criteria that they beat our weighted average cost of capital and raise the value of the firm. There are plenty of opportunities like that as well. You are right that the composition and the expected cash flow for the year are expected to be better than they were in 2007.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin from Lehman Brothers.
Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers: A quick question on the investment income assumptions, Jim did I hear you right in saying that youre not assuming any further rate changes and if thats the case what would be the impact of 25 basis points be per se, understanding there is some offset on the debt, I assume still much bigger impact on the investment income?
Jim Bloem: What I said was, is that we would like to have you take home the fact that changes in the rates dont do that much to the net between investment income and interest expense, thats because both are variable. You are right we had a lot more investment assets than we have debt so a change generally speaking would make a bigger change in the investment income when rate are falling a bigger downward change. What mitigates against that then is the value the portfolio goes up and then when we also have the ability then to look at the gains that we have there. Generally speaking because they are a little bit slightly different in how they are geared off of, investment income is geared off the Fed funds rate the debts gear off of Libor and the rates between those fluctuate as well and thats what really gives us confidence that we think that weve affectively immunized the portfolio from changes in rates. Again, you can see investment income went down ten but interest expense went down ten and we expect to see more of that because we havent really factored anything more into what the Fed might do.  Well deal with those as they come up but we feel in a really good position that those things should not affect materially the net income numbers that we are shooting for this year.
Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers: I didnt realize you would include the investment gain, I guess obviously it offset it. The second question, on the Commercial earnings, how much of that ties into specialty acquisition? Thoughts on what you are going to see from your specialty membership in 2008 is it a year calling after the acquisition or you expect to continue to see growth in those businesses? How much of the Commercial earnings is coming from the increase in specialties?
Jim Murray: Ill take the first part and Jim can take the second part. We would anticipate that our membership in not only the dental and vision but also some of the life STD, LTD that we got with KMG would probably be flat to slightly down over the first couple of months of the year. We are going to hire a number of individuals who will help us with some of these specialty lines in places that we arent currently and so we would anticipate as we go in to the third and fourth quarter that there be an acceleration in membership and premiums from these lines.  We are very excited about the prospects, many of you think of us as a regional Commercial carrier, nationally for Medicare, but some of the opportunity that we see, including CompBenefits and KMG is that it opens up a lot of opportunity in all 50 states. The folks from KMG and CompBenefits can now go in with a package of products, group Medicare, stop loss, dental, life, vision, STD, LTD in a lot of the states that we currently dont have a Commercial foot print.  We are beginning to think more around 50 states for our Commercial foot print than the 25 that we talked about in the past. We are really excited about whats happening in the environment and our opportunity to capture some of that; we are pretty excited about whats happened with our specialty lines.
Jim Bloem: To follow that up, as we said when we announced both acquisitions, if you put them both together that we said wed add somewhere between $0.08 and $0.13 for this year 2008 and we are right on track to be in that range.
Josh Raskin  Lehman Brothers: All of that goes to the Commercial free cash?
Jim Bloem: Thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Arnold from Morgan Stanley.
Christine Arnold  Morgan Stanley: A couple questions, first could you talk about how your pricing, are you pricing assuming a deceleration in medical trend? Could you talk about how you are thinking about that, because I know theres a mix adjustment? Calculating that the PDP loss ratio probably needs to improve year over year by about 13 percentage points in order to get to the first quarter guidance, am I in the ball park there?
Jim Murray: Ill take the first question; sometimes I cant understand the second question. With respect to the first question, Im sorry I was thinking so much about the second question I forgot the first question could you repeat it?
Christine Arnold  Morgan Stanley: It seems like you are guiding for a bit of a deceleration in
Jim Murray: Absolutely not, we are anticipating some improvement quite frankly in our medical expense ratio year over year we are really going to try to price flat with where we are currently at in terms of trends and try to improve some of the MER much similar to what you are seeing happen last year versus this year. I would anticipate some margin enhancements there. We told a lot of folks that have come in over the course of the last year that we want to improve our Commercial margins. I think we are pretty close to four for 2007 with a target of ultimately getting up to six. We would anticipate some improvement in the medical expense ratio as well as the admin ratio going forward. Thats our goal is to get to six over the next year or so.
Jim Bloem: You are right directionally in terms of the PDP benefit ratio, what we had said, based on the low income fees there is going to be quite a difference in the front end of this year versus last year and it has to do with having fewer low income. The percentage of 13 basis points that you sighted is a little bit high, its not quite that much but we didnt say what it was going to be. We are guiding to our overall Medicare benefit ratio but you are right on track in terms of the first quarter will show a dramatic improvement in the benefit ratio.
Christine Arnold  Morgan Stanley: That implies year over year improvement in Medicare Advantage and Commercial if the PDP is less than Im thinking because youve outlined SG&A expenses are going to be flat on the dollar basis on your slide is that an accurate rendition of reality?
Jim Bloem: Yes, youve got to also take into effect we have more members, we have greater scale. Again, looking at the guidance weve given of the $0.80 to $0.85.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Nersessian from Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: My first question was, Mike, you mentioned the synergy income impact on the Medicare business and your Commercial provider relationship, could you just talk through that a little bit more, is that a function of just having a broader network and that favorably impacting sales or are you actually seeing better rates and better discounts from those providers?
Mike McCallister: Ive talked about this some in the past, theres an evolving thing going on around the country where are two things converging together here. One is that, put Medicare aside for second, generally in the Commercial business hospital systems who largely dictate the competition on the payer side are awakening to the fact that they dont have an awful lot to gain by advantaging one payer over another one.  We are finding places around the country where we are actually just purely on a Commercial basis being invited into the community and being given a competitive pricing schedule with not the usual leverage that you would think you would need. Thats one piece and then you overlay the fact that we are showing up in lots of communities with all these Medicare products and a brand that is becoming pretty well know because we are obviously promoting Medicare pretty strongly.  We are in the community already, we are building PPO networks, which Ive talked about a lot, so we actually are going into hospital systems and talking to them about the Medicare PPO and while we are there we are looking to find out whether any of these systems are in a position where they get it relative to pricing on the Commercial side. What we are finding is a fair number of them are. Its been a nice synergistic opportunity, we go in, we talk about Medicare PPOs, thats something weve been able to get done and then we talk about market competitive pricing on the Commercial side.  Frankly, if we dont get market committed pricing we dont kill any trees to produce a contract. We just dont do it. We have a hand full of states Ive talked about in the past where we find ourselves, even though we are relatively small compared to the imbedded interests that are already there with market leading hospital pricing and the rest of the provider community usually follows along quickly. An interesting development, its going to take a long time for it to have a huge impact on Commercial growth because you still have to introduce yourself to the employers and the distribution system, consultants and all that.  Its all kind of coming together and its really been rather fascinating and we are benefiting from it in a handful of places in the short term and I think well do a lot better over the long term, especially when you consider the voluntary benefits that are going to start finding there way in these employers across the country too. All of its coming together and introduce us in a lot of places we wouldnt have been four or five years ago.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: My second question was just a little nuance on the Commercial cost trend, it looks like the pharmacy is now mid to upper single digit guidance for 08 it had been I think high single to low double. Some of your competitors are suggesting its going to go the other way in 08; its actually going to be higher because of the number of generic launches last year. Is there something specific to Humana thats going on there or if you could just describe that a little bit more?
Mike McCallister: I think that basically what that is we continue to increase our generic penetration, the more mail order on each side. I think those things are sort of countering a little bit what you are saying of us.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: What is your generic penetration rate?
Mike McCallister: In the Medicare part in 2006 it went from about in the 60s to the low 70s on the Commercial side 55 to 60, 06 to 07.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: First question on the Commercial enrollment guidance, it actually looks like you raised that a bit to 65 to 90, 5,000 adds from 50 to 75 and just wondering whats driving the increase in enrollment guidance? Also, what type of assumptions you are building in to the employers launch or segments just relative to potentially higher attrition from the weakening economy?
Jim Murray: The growth that we are seeing is primarily in four areas, its the individual, the individual business for us is doing extremely well, we introduced a new product during the middle of last year and its having a nice impact and also some tools for our brokers to do business with us a lot easier and so our individual membership is growing nicely month after month. The small group business for us is doing well, it probably net adding anywhere from around 1,000 or 2,000 members per month which is good.  We are also seeing some nice lift recently with our portfolio book of business. Weve done a lot as many of you who have been in here and talked with us over the course of the last year weve worked hard to rehabilitate our portfolio book of business that looks like its now paying some nice dividends, we are seeing some nice but not great growth in our portfolio which is a shift from it had been shrinking over the last several years and we are seeing some nice rates coming in on that, we are pleased by all that. Around all of that our consumerism offerings are also doing well, we came out with a new offering recently called Smart Results which is a trend guarantee for ASO business that weve got about 20 customers out there that we are using as kind of a beta site test and it got us a lot of nice buzz in the broker community for being innovative and creative and so we are excited about that. A lot of the growth that we are seeing is in the smaller case sizes there is, as you said, some fall out from some of the national accounts and some of the larger companies where they are downsizing, what have you, and we have that baked into the estimates that weve given you. What you are going to see from us frankly will probably be a shift to the small case sizes over the next several years as we begin to focus more and more on those more profitable case sizes going forward.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Ill ask a follow up around Part D, it looks like you increased the lower end of your guidance range for that for 08. Im just wondering is that coming from less attrition in the LIS auto assignment process or from better new sales you are seeing in PDP?
Jim Murray: Its a little bit of all of those but what we are happy about is that we saw a lot of seniors who decided to stick with us regardless of some of the rates that we put out there because of the LIS situation weve talked about in the past. We are pleased with what must be a nice value proposition for those seniors and we are pleased with the complement of membership that we kept mostly in the voluntary area is where we are seeing a nice retention.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake from UBS.
Justin Lake  UBS: A couple questions on enrollment in Medicare Advantage. First you did a great job of giving granularity last quarter around the components of Medicare Advantage growth this year and how they were going to better than last year and obviously you felt that employer Part D up selling open enrollment and then agent. It sounded like it was going to be about 25% of growth from each. Can you give us some, obviously youve mentioned the employer side being a little bit weaker, can you give us some idea of how those, all four of those components are trending and where you see that 200 to 250 coming from now that you have a little bit more visibility?
Jim Murray: The way that we are trying to focus on it is that our career agents are doing really well for us. When we talked the last time we anticipated that they were going to provide a certain level of growth and they are doing better than we had anticipated before. We are also doing better in retention than we had envisioned so getting more from our career agents and retaining more of the membership that we had before is serving to make up nicely for the shortfall that we are seeing in the group business.  We are pleased with the number of network based sales that weve made as a company we think that portends well for the future as more and more this has to move to a network based solution over the next several years and we are really pleased with where we are at as a company not only in creating the networks but also convincing people as to the value of moving into those network based options.
Mike McCallister: I think if you take anything away from this call this morning relative to Medicare Advantage its around the idea that the individual purchasers are opting for this in very large numbers; number one and number two those that are buying it stay with it. I think thats really, you hear us all the time about being a conservative business, retail all those sorts of things, you are seeing it play out here, thats the type of business at the end of the day we would prefer to have.  If we end up with some group Medicare thats great. Jim mentioned earlier we would consider that icing on the cake and we would. Our focus is on the Medicare individual buying our product based on the value proposition we pitch because we know based on our relationship with them they are likely to stay with us. The big news in this quarter is you are actually seeing that play out a little better than we would have thought even a few months ago. Weve always believed it and its nice to get validation from the customer.
Justin Lake  UBS: A follow up question on the first quarter guidance, last year I think you were at about the same spot when you gave us an update for January at plus 100,000. By the end of the quarter you had added another 10,000 members, you were plus 110,000. This year it sounds like you are looking to be closer to 140,000 to 175,000 if Im doing that math right. Can you give us some visibility on what is giving you confidence that you are going to add so many more members in that February, March time frame versus what you did last year?
Jim Murray: We track sales on a daily basis so we are seeing whats happening in January for a February effective date and Im already seeing how many we are selling during February for a March effective date and we periodically get tapes from CMS that tell us how many terminations and based upon everything that Ive seen and what I know that our targets are for February 1st effective and March 1st effective and April 1st effective I feel pretty good about what we are seeing and how that portrays what weve done in terms of guidance.
Justin Lake  UBS: Im not questioning the guidance, Im just asking is it more growth sales or is it less attrition or is it half and half?
Jim Bloem: Probably a little bit more retention than it is gross sales.
Mike McCallister: Part of that is the market keeps changing too, we are not dealing with the same competitive posture that we had a year ago relative to some have become less competitive. We learn every year, we continue to fine tune the products, benefits, prices, all those sort of things. I think when we sit down and project what we are going to be able to do we are looking at everything relative to what our capability is, the metrics around the sales and distribution process as well as at the end of the day where our products offerings stand up in the marketplace and thats how you get comfort is that individual buyers will in fact choose you over someone else.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl McDonald from Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer: In the past youve given us some medical loss ratio differences at least roughly between the privacy for service and the more network products. I was wondering if you could update that for 2007 and also give a sense if that is going to change in 08 with the greater weighting toward the PPO?
Jim Bloem: I dont think that we have given official numbers out I think weve said that we think they are kind of equal. I had no problem with the privacy for service medical expense ratio versus PPO versus an HMO but I will tell you that our strategy as a company is beginning to share with folks the choice thats available with network based options and as folks move into that it really doesnt impact our overall 5% margin target that we have focused on for years and years and years.  Thats the way we think, a PPO and an HMO and privacy for service all create a 5% target but philosophically CMS and us want more people to move into network based options over the next several years.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer: To clarify you commentary you still think theres a loss ratio between those products is fairly similar.
Jim Bloem: Very similar yes.
Carl McDonald  Oppenheimer: The second question, I would be interested in your updated view on the medical RFP and the timing of when you think that will be issued.
Jim Murray: Thats one of those act of God things again. We keep hearing that it was going to be in October then it was going to be November so I frankly have no idea when its going to come out. I know that our contract is up 3/31/09 and so we are starting to get tight in terms of the ability to put out an RFP for us to respond to it for the government to evaluate it and then for the transition process to begin. As we understand it there is going to be a pharmacy RFP that comes out before the medical RFP so again I have no idea as to when the final RFP is going to come out and what they are going to do in terms of timing. Weve seen that from start of the RFP till the award is taking anywhere from six to twelve months so again its got to happen fairly quickly because now we are starting to deal with a contract end date. 
Mike McCallister: History would tell you that theres little change of this happening without some sort of extension. It could be short, it could be long or who knows. We really are up against the timing situation now that would make it, based on history, difficult to actually do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Perry from Wachovia Capital Markets.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets: I was trying to understand your comments from the slides would indicate that the higher SG&A spending would kind of correlate to higher Medicare Advantage adds yet in January of 08 you added 100,000 and in January of 07 you added 100,000. Is there a disconnect there or is some amount of that spending really only going to benefit growth later on after January?
Jim Bloem: Its really the goal we are talking about, the goal for last year was roughly, Id say the mid point of the goal was around 150 and this year mid point of the goal is around 225 so its a 50% increase and when it occurs as Jim says we are constantly monitoring the activity and whats going on and so thats really what gave rise to the proportionality and the decision to spend and what the opportunity was.
Mike McCallister: Id even go further; looking at year over year is a big mistake. This is an annual exercise relative to presenting products to seniors and every year we go through a bidding process, every year we get stacked against our competition. Every year we enter the market knowing exactly where we stand and the likelihood of being able to sell. I think we have to be opportunistic and we will do that and so I think the actual spending could vary up and down year to year depending on whats possible in the marketplace and what our goals are, as Jim would say. I would encourage everyone you have to think of Medicare as two things; an annual event where everything happens at the same time and number two a consumer business. Those two things change your mindset about how this industry works. It is not a traditional wholesale employer environment we are dealing with, this is truly a consumer marketplace. It changes everything so as we look year over year we may jump all over something in the fourth quarter of this year based on what we learn about where we are relative to 09. I think at the end of the day history would tell everyone here that weve been pretty good at being opportunistic about this opportunity and we will continue to do that.
Jim Bloem: When we spend the money we get the results.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets: From your comments it sounds like attrition is a little bit lower and the group sales are also a little bit lower. Any kind of positive or negative surprises on the PDP up selling so far or where the agents sell?
Jim Murray: No, Mike talked about this in some of his remarks, its pretty remarkable that we can look and see how much of a spend we have for a particular, for example how much we spend for a cable ad and how many calls that will drive and then we have statistics around how many of those calls will convert to a lead and how many of those leads that will convert to a sale and how many of those sales will result in a referral of friend or a family member. Its remarkable and all of the different sales channels that we have, direct mail versus a cable TV. Thats pretty predictable and there are a lot of levers that we pull. Nothing has surprised us this year; we talked last year when we were together that we were surprised with some of our competitors and some of their benefit offerings. Nothing really has been a big surprise for us this year.
Matt Perry  Wachovia Capital Markets: Was there any pulling forward of discretionary marketing spend from the first quarter of 08 into Q4 07, based on pretty strong underwriting results did that cause you to look at the opportunity a little bit differently and spend a little more?
Jim Bloem: As Jim said we really look at activity, we really try to figure out where can we put these dollars to get the results that we really want to get. If you look at things the way it goes, its looked at in terms of the goal and then whats available and what kind of, as Mike says, how are we positioned this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Costa from FTN Midwest Securities.
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest Securities: Two questions, first one regarding the Medicare Advantage group sales again, youre changing expectations there, do you think thats more tied to Humanas size on the Commercial side and is that just a 2008 view or do you think thats going to be continuing to see slow sales there overall? First is it just Humana and your size or is it [inaudible]?
Jim Murray: I think what you mean is because we are not nationwide and we dont have the opportunity to sell Banc of America that we might not be, we dont see any of those large cases going out to bid right now for group Medicare opportunity. If you look at some of our competitors they dont have the private fee for service capability that we do and so many of the competitors who might be covering the commercial under 65s cant compete with us.  There might be some of what you suggest in there but I dont think thats the big driver. I think its some of the questions that were asked earlier or some of the opinions that were voiced earlier about some of the larger companies are waiting to see how the rate situation plays out, I believe. Im also of the opinion that some of the consultant community is trying to get their arms around how this whole thing works and where monies come from and how we are able to do what we are able to do.  I think they are getting more and more comfortable with that. Well see how that plays out but again Mike called it icing on the cake, I called the gravy, were not going to count on it.
Mike McCallister: Let me say it slightly different but probably the same end, its kind of an upside down situation if you look at the commercial market and you look at national accounts and foot prints and who is more national than others than we would not be one of the top couple thinking that way, having said that, the Medicare opportunity for many of these very same large companies requires a national foot print it largely requires at this moment a privacy for service offering over the long term probably a PPO which flips it instead of Humana is the most likely to be able to meet their needs. We are actually uniquely positioned to actually do it for them should they ever decide to do that much more so than some of their large commercial payers they are accustomed to doing business with. Once again its counter intuitive.
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest Securities: No ones ready right now if you will?
Mike McCallister: Look at the flip side of the table would be the argument.
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest Securities: My second question on the Commercial PMPMs were much lower on the specialty relative to the acquisitions does that trend lower from here and then the earnings in the Commercial segment were flat or even down if you exclude the venture capital gain. Can you speak to that a little bit in terms of what we should be expecting that going forward, is this a run rate where we should look at it or is it going to decline from here because of the acquisitions?
Jim Bloem: Two things, when you look at the acquisitions, the acquisitions and the products that they sell have lower PMPMs, when you look at the fourth quarter in comparison you take CompBenefits they have an HMO, dental, sometimes access to networks, etcetera. Those PMPMs are less than our dental business was. The same with the vision benefits, you could do the same thing on the KMG side. When you look going forward you are going to see lower PMPMs but again we think that the margins here give us a real opportunity in terms of the other products we sell where employers are looking to move benefits to and to get people involved in and we think that makes them a good opportunity.  On the PMPM part thats kind of how you get to that. On the earnings, the fourth against the fourth quarter a year ago, the fourth quarter a year ago was a very good quarter in terms of if you remember last year at the beginning of the year this is 2006 Im talking about, we were somewhat uncertain about our medical cost trends and how they were going to unfold or evolve, they did evolve within the year quite well and that was reflected in the fourth quarter results of last year and thats why the comparison is so close this year, 53 against 54.
Peter Costa  FTN Midwest Securities: Does that also have anything to do with the individual membership picking up because that probably has a higher deductible so more people going over it in the fourth quarter, is that still a factor?
Jim Bloem: A certain amount but again thats all in the mix and everything that weve talked about how our business our territories.
Jim Murray: The only thing that I would summarize and this is a little bit apart from your question, weve told folks that have come in here over the last year or so that our target is to take our Commercial margins up to 6% range in the next year or so and I think you are going to continue to see us marching towards that so as a take away comparing the fourth quarter of this year versus the fourth quarter of last year I think there was some noise with the acquisitions in the fourth quarter this year.
Mike McCallister: We have some major shifts going on here which makes all this relatively difficult to compare quarter over quarter because the businesses were growing in the commercial space are going to drive SG&A up and the Medicare keeps pulling it down because of the scale of locations and where that works. Well shed light on it every quarter but they are offsetting as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Rex from Bear Stearns.
John Rex  Bear Stearns: If you were to take a look at your established network based in a market, lets say Florida, and you assess the costs, what it costs you to deliver the equivalent of a traditional Medicare benefit, how does that compare, where do you fall in terms of the government program costs?
Jim Bloem: Let me try it this way, we are generally paid the equivalent of the traditional government cost on a per head basis.
John Rex  Bear Stearns:  So if you strip down the benefit but your benefit is better than the government costs so now strip it down to just the equivalent to the government cost, the government benefit.
Jim Bloem: I dont think I want to go there but I will tell you obviously we are doing better because we have a little higher overhead because of all the infrastructure necessary to coordinate care and all we do and the benefits are obviously better than the traditional Medicare program and thats what makes this very attractive. At the end of the day I would, this goes back to my point that I make all the time we have better offerings than the traditional Medicare program period.  Over the long term our ability to coordinate it all and manage the actual costs gives us the long term sustainability and makes us part of the answer for our Federal government as they try to figure this out. Without having accomplished that then there would be no reason for us to be here. Weve never gotten specific like that and I dont want to do that today.
John Rex  Bear Stearns: The whole question on this business is sustainability and the issue being that on one side of the aisle is the view that it costs more for you guys do and on the other side of the aisle it costs less. You nor the industry has never done anything to show that you can deliver the costs for less. Is that something we can expect because the core here is will there be a program here in five years and if you can do it for less there will be.
Jim Murray: Perhaps we have said some things in this regard. There were some questions in quarters past on our theoretical amount that we are paid above what the Medicare fee for service and there were many percentages that were thrown out. I think we talked back then around a network based option which includes high performance networks and includes some of the utilization management programs and care coordination elements that Mike talked about. I think we talked about a target for ourselves with all these things coming together of somewhere around a 15% to 20% opportunity for us. I think thats what you are asking.
John Rex  Bear Stearns: [Inaudible] the less developed market, I guess Im thinking about a developed market where you have much of this in place and if you were to offer just a benefit that was only equal to the traditional program what would be your cost in that case? What Im trying to get here is can you prove a cost savings event if you have the data to show that to defend the business model?
Jim Murray: I think I suggested that there is about a 15% to 20% savings opportunity that through various studies that weve done around these management programs and creating HRAs and doing network based options or high performance networks that we think that we can be more cost effective than the Medicare fee for service environment by about 15% to 20%. I think thats what you are asking.
John Rex  Bear Stearns: Are you saying, let me make sure Im clear on this. Are you saying that in those developed markets where you have all this in place that you have a 15% to 20% cost advantage over the cost of a traditional Medicare benefit.
Jim Murray: Im not trying to be coy, what I am saying is that weve studied all of the things that we bring to the equation, high performance network, network based opportunities, disease management programs, case management programs, personal nurses, all the things that are part of our model and weve studied each of those individually and as we put on a piece of paper what all those bring to the equation thats the kind of savings opportunity we think exists. Have we ever sat down and studied Florida and compared our costs versus the fee for service world? Yes.
Michael McCallister: Your question really assumes constant health outcomes because if you just look at the original Medicare and you look at us and you look at what we do we do more things that creates the opportunity that the total cost of the government to the trust fund. It also creates opportunity for the members, because the members get better outcomes and may pay the same or less money. Those are the ways you have to take both sides in. You have to take a look at the senior savings, look at the health outcomes and then you have to look at what we are paid for what we do to develop both of those and then compare that with regular Medicare.
John Rex  Bear Stearns: It just seems that theres somewhat of a lack of data out there in managed Medicare maybe compared to managed Medicaid that demonstrates the better efficacy the fact that the industry seems to be missing. No one is really willing to put it out there. There are obvious reasons why you might not be wanting to do that, when you think about sustainability it seems important.
Michael McCallister: Im stunned by it. This is what we are talking about here. At the end of the day we have all sorts of clinical metrics around our industry and our company that say we do a lot better than the traditional Medicare program in terms of peoples actual health number one, so put that aside. Now the question is just economics and I think if you put the clinical is better and the economics actually work for us then you have to conclude that we are able to do that. Then there are questions if you were paid exactly what it was costing to take care of the traditional Medicare folks how would you be able to do?  Thats kind of where Jim was. There are a lot of folks at Washington that are real proud of their 3% overhead and whatever it is the traditional Medicare program I would suggest they are overpaying because there is no work being done there. The cost trends going back to 1965 would have been off the charts. That certainly is a failed model. The question then is whats it worth to pay the private sector to manage this care and manage this program for the program? The answer is at this point we are being paid some additional funding, yes. That money is being used for two things. To fill in gaps in an otherwise hole ridden traditional Medicare program and to put the basic infrastructure in place to management medical costs inside this program over time. The payment rates on these both for us and for the traditional program over time are likely to come much closer together. Thats the inevitability of it all. Given the fact that we think theres 15% to 20% or 25% of fat in the Medicare program that we can get to it gives you a lot of room to run and a lot of opportunity to actually have the model play out over the long term. Thats why we wake up every day around here relatively comfortable that theres a long term business because this government must have somebody like us doing what we do. This is a just a question of how we get paid for that.
John Rex  Bear Stearns: One other thing on Medicare, have you assessed also the impact if one were to remove IME from the rate setting formula how that impacts your markets?
Jim Bloem: Its not a very big impact for us and the company.
John Rex  Bear Stearns: Thats just a fact of where your membership is located, right? Number of academic medical centers and such?
Jim Bloem: Yes, that correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from Doug Simpson from Merrill Lynch.
Doug Simpson  Merrill Lynch: I was just wondering Mike, could you talk a little bit about business mix targets longer term and your thoughts on M&A with respect to diversification between Commercial and government and just give us your latest thoughts there?
Mike McCallister: Let me start with M&A, youve seen a couple small deals weve done here we talked about them today. We always look for product expansion opportunities, thats what these represented, they are higher margin commercialized business using existing distribution capabilities and that sort of thing so nice leverage opportunities. Those are pretty obvious and well continue to look at those. There are always regional plans and this sort of thing that would help us potentially with our actual foot print for commercial purposes; we dont need it for Medicare. Those are always on the radar screen and so well stay close to that, we continue to look at things around Medicare to ask ourselves whether or not there is something close to this Medicare population that would be interesting to us. I think its steady as she goes from and M&A perspective, the bigger things out there you all are as familiar with them as I am and I have nothing to say about any of that today. In terms of mix, I think weve been talking for several quarters now about a real continuing and growing interest and focusing Humana at the smaller end of the marketplace more so than ever. In the individual business, we like small group business; its still a growing market despite economic uncertainty. Its also a place where a lot of what we are going to for consumers and prospective play out better and the smart product is where we focus.  We are trying to get real focused on those lines of business on the Commercial side that we think are interesting and not as focused on overall top line membership and basically find the right products find growing markets and then basically drive margin over time and thats our strategy. I think that mix will continue to get better. If you look at the last three or four years its been a constantly improving situation for us and I think it also helps us from an SG&A perspective getting pretty focused on those lines of business that we are most interested in.  I think youll see more of it in the Medicare side, you are going to see more and more of our folks inside of network products for all sorts of reasons, and they are a better value I think over long term. I think youll see PPO and Medicare continue to grow, its a place where I think frankly that we have about two, two and one half year lead on everyone, just because of the heavy lifting required to build networks. I like where we are on the Medicare side, I like where the mix is moving there. In terms of the PDPs weve always been focused on the voluntary individual purchaser for that and even though memberships have been moved around and disrupted based on benchmarks and some other things auto assignees that was never our target audience. We were building products and formularies around attracting individual sales because we had a long term strategy to drive Medicare Advantage as the end product. I think youll see more of the same in some ways with a great deal of focus on particular individual, small group commercial lines of business being our future.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. McCallister for his final comments.
Mike McCallister: Thanks for joining us this morning. Let me finish by saying I think our commitment to Medicare over all these years is really been good for our company, its really transformed us over the last couple in particular. I still believe consumers is the long term key, we are heading more toward individual accountability and more toward individual insurance over time and I think the political winds in fact are blowing that way as well. I think well have an 08 that should be terrific, weve got into some good earnings for next year, we are proud about that. Then for eight years at the end of every one of these calls Ive always thanked the associates that are on this call, I know there are a lot of them out there for the great work theyve done and Ill do it again today. We are here because as one of our candidates would say it does take a village and thats what the Humana associates represent. With that Ill close, thank you for being with us.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Regina Nethery - VP, IR Michael B. McCallister - President and CEO James H. Bloem - Sr. VP and CFO James E. Murray - Sr. VP and COO 
Analysts:  Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers Charles Boorady - Citigroup Investment Research William Georges - JP Morgan Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Justin Lake - UBS Carl McDonald - CIBC World Markets Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets   
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Marry and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  Thank you. Ms. Regina Nethery, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your call now. 
Regina Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us.  In this morning's call, Mike McCallister, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Bloem, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will briefly discuss highlights from our third quarter as well as comment on our earnings outlook for the remainder of 2007 and full year 2008. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts.  Joining Mike and Jim for the Q&A session will be Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer; and Art Hipwell, Senior Vice President; and Kathy Pellegrino, Vice President and Acting General Counsel.  We encourage the investing public and media to listen in to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on Humana's website www.humana.com later today. This call is also being simulcast via the internet along with the virtual slide presentation. For those of you have Company firewall issues and cannot access the live presentation, an Adobe version of the slides has been posted to the investor relations section of Humana's website.  Before we begin our discussion, I need to remind each of you of our cautionary statement. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our SEC filings are available via the investor relations page of Humana's website, as well as on the SEC's website. Additionally, investors are advised to read the Humana third quarter 2007 earnings press release issued this morning October 29, 2007. This press release and other historical financial news releases are also available on our website. Any references to earnings per share or EPS made in this morning's call refer to diluted earnings per common share.  Finally, todays press release and a PowerPoint presentation of conference call, include extensive discussion of 2008 guidance. Since Humana have an Investor Day only every other, we have allocated more time for the prepared remarks this morning, but we will still allow ample time for your questions.  With that, I will turn the call over to Mike McCallister. 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us.  As we announced in our new release this morning, for the third quarter, Humana, again, posted favorable results $1.78 per diluted share, significantly above our previous guidance for the quarter of $1.45 to a $1.50. EPS includes $0.25 per share associated with certain positive developments specifically related to 2006, which are not expected to return future periods. In additional $0.05 per share, above our expectations was due to better than anticipated ongoing operational results in both our commercial operations and our standalone Medicare Prescription Drug Plans or PDPs. These later developments are forecast to positively reflect fourth quarter 2007 and full year of 2008 results.  Excluding the $0.25 per share that is unique to 2006, our third quarter earnings per share are up 61% over the $0.95 per share we earned in the third quarter of the prior year, with much of that increase coming from higher average Medicare membership year-over-year and continued growth in our commercial segment earnings. In addition to these favorable financial results, we achieved the number of milestones since our last earnings call. In late September, we received approval; from centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, to resume marketing of our individual private fee-for-service plans in late September. We remain on track to achieve our 2007 membership targets and are well position for 2008.  During the quarter, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire KMG America, a group in voluntary insurance benefits and third party administration company, with more than 1 million members. This acquisition broadens and diversifies our commercial portfolio and is forecast to be slightly accretive in 2008. Additionally, we recently closed on our acquisition of CompBenefits, an Atlanta base company with 2.3 million dental and 2.5 million vision members nationwide. It is also expected to be accretive in 2008.  In early October, we received pharmacy benefit management accreditation from URAC, the gold standard for independent expert validation to the Companys pharmacy management organization meets rigorous quality standards for consumer protection and empowerment.  Overseas London based Humana Europe was chosen by the United Kingdoms Department of Health to implement strategies at local level to enhance station experience and proved clinical outcomes and reduced costs.  Finally, also in early October, Humanas new veterans health unit was awarded the Department of Veterans Affairs first ever specialty network demonstration contract known as Project HERO for healthcare effectiveness to resource optimization.  Our selection, over six competitors has strategic significance for 2008 and beyond. It positions Humana is the sole contractors that can offer TRICARE network discounts to the VA and these test geographies. 12 year validates the 11 years success of our Military line of business and suggests that as the VA returns increasingly to the private sectors to meet veterans long-term help needs, Humana will be active partner.  Let me show you the VA demonstration in more depth. The four circle numbers on this slide represent the areas that makeup the initial Project HERO demonstration areas. Humana was successful in being awarded all four of these regions. As you can see two of them, 8 and 16 have obvious synergies with our existing TRICARE South region. The VA like Medicare represents a growing market in health benefits. To give you some sense of the scale of VA spending, the VA has requested $27 billion for medical services in its proposed budget for the upcoming fiscal year.  While, it is difficult to say what portion of the spending might ultimately be contracted to the private sector, Humanas well positioned to serve our nations veterans. Leveraging our existing government and commercial provider networks to bring Humana's proven techniques for lower cost and superior health plan experience to hundreds of thousands of individuals.  Now, lets look to the future. We are, again, at difficult time for our industry, facing multiple calls to increase wellness, reduce crushing healthcare costs, and find ways to solve the needs of the uninsured. Recent high profile union negotiations highlight just how difficult the issue of funding health benefits is. But our efforts over the past 12 months have brought greater clarity on a variety of important topics, including more future growth in the industry will come from and further validation of the power of the consumer to approve wellness and reduce expenses.  Thus, I would like to spend a few moments discussing why we are convinced Humanas one of the best-positioned companies to succeed in health benefits in 2008 and beyond.  In Medicare, we are forecasting net Medicare Advantage membership growth of approximately 20% for 2008. We will continue our evolution from the concentrated membership gains we achieved in 2006 and 2007, to more regular month in, month out growth, through age-ins, group Medicare, and special needs plans.  CMS has approved new plans in market expansions in many states, and all of our multiple distribution channels, web, telephonic, company agent, independent agent, and alliance partners are well prepared for the beginning of the 2008 enrollment season on November 15, something I will discuss in more depth in a few moments.  In our commercial segment, we foresee continued pricing discipline and further expansion of our pretax margin. Our portfolio migration strategy has been successful and our book of business will approach its desired balance in 2008. ASO, small group, individual, and consumer plans continue to be our areas of strategic focus. Next year, we will also see expanded contributions from KMG and CompBenefits product offerings. The specialty company acquisitions are expected to increase our commercial margins over time as well as enhance our ability to appeal to broad and diverse sector customers.  In TRICARE, while we still await the Department of Defenses release of a request for proposal for the next contract period, we anticipate success in maintaining our South region business. Bidding along undoubtedly be keen, but with our history of excellent service delivery and our knowledge of military families health needs, we believe we are very well positioned to win. TRICARE continues to be a good operational performer for the military community in the south region has solid financial performer for our Company. 2008, we will also see the start of the Project HERO demonstration contract on January 1st. We expect that the slowly ramp-up throughout the year with some earnings accretion as the year progresses.  We believe each of the components of the operational momentum I have just described will result in continue progress in our 2008 earnings. Earnings per share for 2008 forecast to be in a range of $5.30 to $5.50, up 10% to 16% when compared to 2007 EPS, or 16% to 22% excluding the 25% share $0.25 per share in the third quarter, items we do not anticipate to recur in future periods.  I will now take a closer look on our Medicare and commercial business segments. Turning in more detail, first the Medicare, three points stand out. First, giving the aging in the baby boomers, Medicare continues to show that it is the best near-term opportunity for significant growth in our industry. Through our Medicare leaders in 1980s and the 1990s and we are standing our leadership, we only, what I can tell there is 21st century Medicare. Our more sophisticated and organized programs that drives better results and value.  Second, we continue to see Medicares as solid example of how the insurance industry can work with government to improve consumers health outcomes while reducing their expenses. Moreover, surveys continue to shows seniors satisfaction with Medicare Advantage and PDP offerings in the neighborhood of 90%.  And finally, our increased market penetration due to Medicare expansion is open doors and enhancing our commercial provider networks, supplementing the advantages we gained in intensive operational discipline in that segment as well.  Medicare was not just a near-term growth opportunity, it will be a growth opportunity for many years to come. That opportunity stems from a number of long-term cost drivers that show no sign of slowing. Coupling these factors with one at the top of the list, an aging population, increases the opportunities for those companies they can present and execute on the solution for the Medicare Trust Fund.  We believe and MedPAC is taking similar view and its report to Congress, but the current methodology for funding Medicare today is not sustainable, but over time. Not only our baby boomers aging into a Medicare program, people are living longer as well. There is simply no parallel phenomena and anywhere else in the health benefits universe today. As this chart shows, the pace of aging instructor accelerate dramatically in a few years.  As I said earlier, Medicare is an area that as time goes on bodes well for companies like Humana that have a strong head start and a wide variety of product offerings. Seniors are knowledgeable consumers and varying needs from the healthiest and most agile to most vulnerable. Companies with have over time carefully researched and deeply understood Medicare beneficiaries needs are the ones emerging as leaders, placing every greater distance between themselves and late entrance competitors. We have always rejected that the one size fits all notion of Medicare market, which is an important element of our long-term Medicare success.  Moreover initial outcomes research indicates the tools and techniques that we have successfully developed for our commercial membership base to their positive implications from Medicare.  To understand why, its important for us to recognize that Medicare is in the state of evolution. From its creation in 1965 to the MMA in 2003, Medicare only paid claims and policed fraud. Over time is the preponderance of episodic diseases gave away through breakthrough surgical and pharmaceutical advances, to todays prevalence of far more costly long-term chronic conditions, the program has been forced to adjust, 20% through Medicare to their private sectors emphasis on wellbeing and chronic disease management rather than episodic sickness includes a number of tools and techniques that have already shown their effectiveness in lowering costs and advancing wellness for employers and employees. These include care coordination, effective network contracting, catastrophic case management, health improvement and prevention programs and data mining to understand and anticipate Medicare member needs.  Our overall strategy for success in the evolution of Medicare is simple, but long-term in its implementation. After the passage of the 2003 Medicare Modernization Act, we set up to rapidly expand our Medicare membership by establishing relationships with Medicare beneficiaries before most of the competitions. Our members are entrusting us with the significant aspect they realize. We want to nurture and sustain those relationships long into the future, through continuing the provide tools and techniques to help lower costs through exemplary service and through member who share their experience with others.  We also note that the delivered real customer value, we need to support Medicare members and managing their health and wellbeing, which includes guiding them on using care wisely and pointing out ways they can save money. We continue to build an infrastructure around our guidance proposition, which is distinct that distinguishes support our members received versus original Medicare. I have already referenced our focus on provider relationships and we continue our successful product development through our network base products. This strategy is designed to follow up our initial enrollment success with a strong focus and commitment to where we believe the future market exists.  Let me take you little deeper and how we support our members desired to improve their health status what we will call they are wellbeing. This slide illustrates care coordination as of one example the multiple ways consumer focus techniques work for Medicare members. Humanas Medicare clinical team deploys an affective combination of high-tech, high-touch report to keep people healthier while producing better outcomes in cost savings for members and for society.  When adjusted for severity and demographics, 2006 data shows Humana private fee-for-service members experienced the 6% decrease in hospital visits and a 21% decrease in emergency room visits compared with original Medicare. A highlight private fee-for-service statistics in part, because private fee-for-service sometimes characterizes as a non-managed product. Its important to know the Humana private fee-for-service members benefit the vast majority of our programs to enhance wellbeing just as PPO and HMO members do. This is an aspect that we make part of the value proposition for all Medicare Advantage offerings.  Lets look at how we are performing with respect of achieving the goal of having Medicare beneficiaries use care more effectively. The recent study summarize on this slide based on the latest available data, indicates our Medicare Advantage plans are shown the shift in healthcare utilization toward more preventive and home care, which reduces cost for the average Humana Medicare Advantage member. Its clear that people appreciate this help. Members in our medical advantage plans have the right to vote with their feet, yet, they choose to stay. Less than 1% of members who leave our Medicare Advantage plan and go back to original Medicare. As for Medicare Advantages as a whole the survey by Americas health insurance plans earlier this year reported the satisfaction rate of 90% for Medicare Advantage members nationwide.  When we look at all this programs impact chronically ill patients the results are even more impressive. Wellness dramatically improves, visits to the doctor or to the hospital decreased, and the cost of the system is significantly reduced. Note in particular the rise in home health visits. Again, our goal is to play closer attention to the member by investing in the appropriate infrastructure needed to allow all of our members to access the clinical guidance tools and technique, ensuring individual get the best results both clinically and financially from the program.  As we prepare for the influx of age 65 Medicare beneficiary who are familiar with network based products from their working lines, we began expanding our contractual relationships with hospital, doctors, and other health care service providers. We are well positioned to serve members using these products and we will continue to expand our geographic reach to serve more of them in the future. We have been committed to the broad availability of PPO products and quickly established an expansive regional PPO network when net product was created as the part of the MMA. In fact, 80 % of our private fee-for-service members within areas where they have easy access to our PPO networks.  In terms of sales, we expect Medicare Advantage gross sales to rise significantly in 2008, increasingly driven age-ins, employer group retiree sales, members choosing to upgrade and not least our own growing understanding of how best to succeed in this retail environment. We are pleased with the fast start we had in 2006. As other plans began to enter the market fully in 2007, it brought competition around more aggressive plans benefits and premiums. We evaluate our competitive position for 2008 and believe we are now in it environment of greater stability. This together with our attractive 2008 benefit offerings is expected to lead a higher gross sales and lower membership attrition.  Turning to the membership growth. Medicare Advantage membership for 2008 is expected to experience net growth of approximately 200,000 to 250,000 almost double the member last year. This will be driven by a mix of market expansion, product expansion, and improve benefit design. For example, in our HMO business, we have opened new markets in Denver Salt Lake City, Tucson, Dallas, and Alexandria, Louisiana. In our, PPO product, additional membership and experience developed over the past year, gave us the data we needed to validate a change in the benefit design to more closely match that offered in our private pay-for-service products. As you can see from the chart, over time, our membership in PPO plans is projected to increase as the number of age-ins continue to grow as our new plan benefits find traction in the market.  In our standalone PDP offerings, we anticipate maintaining the leading membership position even with the projected net decline in membership of about 300,000 from the current total of 3.5 million. Its worth noting that we may benefit greatly this year from reconfiguration of the Medicare.gov website where millions of seniors turns guidance on plan selection. While in the last two years, the plans were ranked according to premium cost, for 2008, the ranking is based on total projected out of pocket expenses where Humana compares quite favorably with the competition.  In my frequent visits on the Capital Hill over the past few months, a number of important aspects on Medicare debate have become clear. First, the Medicare Advantage funding cuts past in the house version of the CHAMP Bill are not in sync with the benefits of Medicare beneficiaries. They do not want there benefits cut, they like having options, particularly for rural minority and low income beneficiaries and their voices are getting through the members of Congress. Over the next few months, I am confident that Congress will listen to its constituents' voices. Second, Humana continues to concentrate its effort on operational excellence to ensure we deliver value and improve services to members. Third, mounting evidence indicates that Medicare Advantage with its inherent cost saving attributes, represents part of a long-term solution to Medicares projected budgetary dilemma. Without some formal rationalization, the Medicare program is headed for bankruptcy.  And finally, coordinated care programs will have an increasingly favorable impact on the Trust Fund's solvency as they reduce unnecessary utilization and produce better health outcomes for seniors as preliminary data shows.  I will now turn now to our commercial segment. As our Medicare footprint has grown, we have expanded our commercial operations as well. Today, the commercial segment actively sells in more than 17 states in Puerto Rico. Recent expansion into Utah, Mississippi, Tennessee, Georgia, and Colorado, and other areas have leveraged our nation-wide Medicare footprint to open new and attractive commercial opportunities. In some instances, Medicare has been directly responsible for these opportunities. In others, we have been able to undertake Greenfield commercial expansions.  We also began negotiating with hospital systems in major non-Humana cities with a differentiated approach to entering new markets. In the course of these discussions, we have heard many systems say they derive no real benefit from offering different rates to different carriers, and are seeking win-win alternative. As a result, we are moving the discussion from contentious haggling over prices, the traditional commodity bases for negotiations to explore a non-commodity partnerships based on value added administrative services that Humana can now offer. This represents some innovative approach to breaking down historical barriers to entry and ending anti-consumer most favored nation discounting. We will keep you informed of the effort as it goes forward.  For 2008, we foresee continued pricing discipline, further expansion of our pretax margin, and more progress in our ongoing effort to migrate our book of business to a balanced and consumer oriented membership portfolio.  ASO, small group, individual, and consumer plans continued to be our area of strategic focus. Over the past five years, our ASO block has grown from 22% of our commercial membership to comprise nearly half of our membership today. We believe the ASO business offers greater earnings consistency than large account fully insured business as well as driving important volumes through the provider network. Consumer planned membership has grown from a negligible percentage of our block in 2002 to more than 18% today. Consumer plans remain a differentiator for Humana in the marketplace with proven savings results for our group and individual customers.  On October 1, we closed the acquisition of CompBenefits. The addition of CompBenefits creates a combined specialty products business with more than $700 million in annual revenue and more than 6 million covered members. The acquisition expansion had a specialty product continuum by adding dental HMO product options in addition to an established vision product line.  Since our specialty offerings are becoming a major strategic direction for us. I will take a few moments to outline the significant of our KMG acquisition. The market trends box shows that voluntary benefits are our growth industry. Both quantitatively in terms of our forecasted 5% to 7% annual growth rate over the next few years, and qualitatively, based on employers increasing willingness to offer these benefits. They are generally paid for by consumers, not employers, and as such did well with our larger consumer strategy. They were an extension of our core health benefits portfolio and create deeper relationships with our members. Finally, KMG brings Humana management team with expertise in product design, pricing, underwriting, and marketing voluntary and supplemental products.  I would like to close with some thoughts I would shared with you at our Investor Day in New York last fall. Our success over the last 12 months has already confirmed our commitment to the principles we shared then, which might be described as a roadmap for health benefits leadership in the 21st century. These elements of the successful strategy all revolve around the ideal of thinking differently and embracing the difference. For the sake of time, I wont read out each of these elements. They will set to win, they was in the slide. And although, we would argue that Humanas passion for the consumer and our zest for maximizing the power of data are, but two of the many elements that are winning health benefits Company our associates book us on daily.  This is something else you have seen before but also worth revisiting. In a way everything I discuss with you today goes back to this diagram. Humana's commitment to consumerism first set forth seven years ago remains unchanged. The only thing thats changed is that for the four integrated circles above Humana is far more populated with tool, capabilities, and programs and they were at the start. We are thoroughly convinced and growing body of evidence bears it up that given actually more information consumers are just as able to seek and find value in healthcare as they are in the rest of their purchasing lives.  By offering guidance at all points of the choose finance and use equation, Humana empowers consumers to maximize their power as drivers of two-thirds of the U.S. economy and make confident successful healthcare decisions for themselves and their families.  In summary, as we look at 2008 and beyond, we believe Humanas poised to continuous industry growth leadership strong execution based on keen understanding of consumers and a long-term strategy to meet the health cost and quality of life challenges our nation faces today are the key to our continued success. We view government has an essential element in a multifaceted solution to the countrys healthcare problems. While political debate often creates ways on Wall Street, our strategic commitment to comprehensive consumerism and the ability that gives us to respond effectively to new circumstances position us well for ongoing success in today's changing environment.  With that, I will turn the call over to Jim Bloem. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks, Mike and good morning everyone. Today, I will review our third quarter performance, provide color around our 2008 financial guidance, and comment on potential 2008 sources and uses of operating cash flows.  Let's begin with a brief review of our third quarter performance. If we start with the $1.48 midpoint on the third quarter EPS guidance issued at the time of our last earnings release, our non-GAAP earnings per share for his quarter was $0.05 per share or $13.5 million prior higher than that midpoint, primarily due to slightly better commercial and standalone PDP performance. We expect both these improvements to trend forward and have adjusted our 2007 EPS guidance accordingly.  Also as Mike indicated, our third quarter EPS with $1.78 included two items totaling $0.25 per share or $68.5 million, which related to prior years. These items are not expected to reoccur in future periods. The first and largest of these items arose from 2006 Medicare Party D settlement. It was $0.20 per share of $54 million. Approximately half of this amount primarily was due to lower state-to-plan claims than originally were indicated by CMS at the end of 2006. The other half primarily resulted from the higher percentage of state-to-plan and plan-to-plan claims ultimately being attributable to lower income cost subsidies and reinsurance layers than originally was estimated. Because both these amounts relate to 2006 which was the initially year the Part D Medicare benefit, we do not anticipate these amounts to reoccur in 2007 and beyond.  The second third quarter item related to prior years arose from a settlement for 2004 through 2006 for a favorable development relative to the claims paying accuracy guarantee provision of TRICARE contract. This component was $0.05 per share or $14.9 million. Turning next to an update of our quarterly overall Medicare Medical expense ratio, we are pleased to report that excluding the 2007 Part D settlement that I just described, our overall Medicare MER is continuing to track inline with our previous projections of both the last 90 and 180 days.  Now, lets go onto 2008. Looking first at our consolidated revenues, we are projecting 2008 revenues to be approximately 16% higher than those for 2007. This is based on our guidance midpoints. This anticipated growth primarily was driven by increase by continued increases in our Medicare membership. We anticipate that overall 2008 Medicare MER will edge up slightly due in part to the impact of the favorable 2006 Part D settlement. Additionally, as we have described many times in the past, we design our Medicare benefits to ensure that anticipated savings in our government segment SG&A ratio are in turn passed directly to our Medicare members in the form of enhanced benefit designs. This enables us to consistently target in operating margin of approximately 5% for our Medicare business in total.  Our commercial segment is also anticipated to perform well in 2008, with pretax the commercial pretax earnings expected to increase by a mid to upper teens percentage. We also are pleased to know that we have increased our 2007 commercial segment pretax income guidance for the third time this year.  Turning next to our consolidated selling, general, and administrative expenses, we are pleased that beginning between beginning of our fourth quarter of 2006 and the end of the third quarter of 2007, our total dollar SG&A quarterly spend increased only 1.5%. Despite normal CPI levels of expense inflation including salaries and wages and benefits, this near constancy in total dollars each quarter was achieved through the significant productivity gains for Human associates. In turn, this productivity together with increases in premiums ASO fees and revenues drove down our consolidated SG&A ratio by a 140 basis points over the same four quarter period from 14.7% to 13.3%.  Now, moving to the fourth quarter of 2007 and all of 2008, we expect the quarterly total SG&A dollar spend to increase versus the last four quarters for the following three reasons. First, higher 2008 Medicare marketing and advertising expenditures correlate the higher anticipated 2008 sales in that the percentage increased in the marketing expense corresponds to projected increase in Medicare Advantage gross sales. Second, as our RightSource mail order pharmacy continues to expand, we expect increases in both related revenues and corresponding administrative spend. RightSource typically run the higher SG&A expense ratio, which is similar to that of our ASO products. Third, we expect to have a full or nearly a full year of operations for both KMG America and CompBenefits. Specialty products can also tend to have a higher as SG&A expense ratio.  We expect the RightSource expansion and the specialty business acquisitions, which again offer higher SG&A ratios than our medical businesses to negatively impact our 2008 consolidated SG&A ratio by about 40 basis points. This will mask our continuing productivity gains. So, consequently, we are anticipating a 2008 SG&A expense ratio to be in the same range as it is for 2007, that is 13.5% to 14%.  Next, we turn to the key variables affecting our 2008 quarterly earnings. This slide shows how Medicare Advantage, the standalone PDPs, Medicare marketing expenses, TRICARE, and our commercial results are expected to impact each quarters earnings. To illustrate these impacts, we have used arrows to indicate a given variable's impact on a particular quarters earnings. While we are not forecasting our specific 2008 quarterly earnings today, preferring to wait until the fourth quarter and January sales projections for a month, this slide gives our current thinking kind the degree to which each variable will affect next years quarterly earnings pattern.  Turning finally to cash flows. our across the board operating performance continues to enable us to project solid cash flows for 2007 and 2008. As our total revenues have grown to about 2.5 times, the 2001 level, we have continually enjoyed an average ratio of operating cash flow to net income of approximately 2 times.  The entire ratio of operating cash flow to net income results from the higher growth rate we have experienced during this period and the major of the working capital attributes of our business, mainly the upfront collection of cash revenues and the concurrent estimation and accrual medical expense claims. As the green portion of the accompanying slide indicate operating cash flows are expected to remain at 2 times net income in 2008 after giving effect to the CMS risk share payables and other timing issues. Our 2007 cash flows from operations include the benefit of approximately 280 2007 cash flow, operating cash flows include a benefit of approximately $275 [ph] million associated with working capital timing issues. The two biggest factors driving the 2007 timing benefit are claims payment cutoffs and HMO risk share capitation accruals, which we earn in 2007and are expected to be repaid in 2008. These capitation amounts have grown over the last few years commensurate with the growth in the related businesses. While its possible that our 2008 cash flows could similarly benefit from working capital timing issues or the accrual of Part D risk share payable in 2008, we dont foresee that at this point. Plus we have not assumed any timing benefit in our 2008 cash flow benefit projections.  In terms of how the $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion of anticipated operating cash flow is expected to be used in 2008, we offer the following three comments. First, capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $225 million and an amount similar to that is expected for 2007. Second, additional required capitalization of our operating subsidiaries due to the continuation of the growth of our business is initially expected to be $125 million. This amount compares with $275 million to $300 million in 2007 and $722 million in 2006. With respect to the remaining expected 2008 cash flows from operations, we will continue as always to review and analyze additional possible acquisitions and potential share repurchase programs in light of our desire to continue to raise the value of Humana, while maintaining our debt to total book capitalization ratio in the range of 25% to 30%.  In summary then as this slide shows, we are well positioned for continued earnings growth in 2008 and beyond.  With I will open up the phone lines for questions. We ask that you limit your questions to facilitate us getting through as many questions as possible today. Operator, would you please introduce the first caller?  Question and Answer 
Operator:  Yes, sir. The first question comes from Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs. Sir, you have the floor. 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you. Good morning. Actually, Jim, if I could begin just on the last subject you were talking about in terms of the cash position in the cash flow. Would it be possible to sort of just walk through the sources and uses of projected cash for 2008? I am trying to understand what you are unregulated cash position is going to be think at the beginning of the year, how much deployable cash you will generate during the year-end, essentially how much you could potentially stand towards acquisitions or even share repurchase if you chose to go that route. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well, first of all, a couple of things are into that variable that we talked about generally between the two of us. The acquisition of KMG America and CompBenefits will occur in the fourth quarter. So, we had fairly substantial cash balance in the parent company at the end of the third quarter. We will end up the year that way. Let us move to 2008, generally speaking, we are saying, we are looking for increase in income and those working capital items, which I mentioned in my presentation. So, if you start with, lets say $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion of operating cash flow and you subtract out the two items I mentioned. 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs:  Right. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Then you will sort of down around maybe $1.250 billion to $1.3 billion, and as the year progresses, we will get to see how that all works out. We will have at the end of this year, we will be at the very top of that debt to total capitalization ratio that I mentioned. We would like to keep between 27.7 and 30 between 25 and 30, we have 25.7 at the end of the third, we will probably go up to around 29 as we complete those acquisitions. So, that as we get into the year and discuss things with the DOI, we will be in a better position to answer your question with more precision, but suffice it to say, when you compare 2006, 2007, what 2008 looks like, you should be in much better position to have free cash and ability do to additional acquisitions or look at share repurchase et cetera. 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs:  Great. Thank you. And if I can just one follow-up here, on the different topic. On the expected growth in your PPO product next year, can you talk to how the benefits compare PPO versus private fee-for-service? And how you think you are going to execute to get the kind of growth you are projecting on that product perhaps for next year? And it sounds like thats kind of where you want to go beyond next year? And just related to that if you could just tell us I know its not about network discounts, but are you generally getting PPO rates that are conferrable to Medicare fee schedule? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  This is Jim Murray. The benefit design for PPO versus private fee-for-service, in a lot of states that were doing business are exactly the same we tried to replicate the private fee-for-service with the PPO. In other states, we are doing business, we actually have a little bit better benefits primarily in the maximum out of pocket. The sales force is educated on the beneficial effects of the product differences, very well versed in the value preposition. And so, we feel pretty comfortable that the growth in the PPO that we were demonstrating will play itself out this year. Into the future, we think that the beneficial effect of the PPO with how we are going to network with the high performance networks that we talked with many of you on in the past, will drive lower premiums and higher benefits relative to private fee-for-service. Over time we as we have said many times in the past, we anticipate the PPO membership starting to accelerate into 2008 and 2009 and then beyond. I dont I think thats most of 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs:  Well, yes, and actually, sorry, just one point there. You mentioned locations where the benefit is exactly the same as the private fee-for-service, I guess, I am try to understanding those locations why would a senior want to chose the PPO product which have some element of restrictiveness versus private fee-for-service in those situations. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  We have done a lot of research and we feel because of some the things that we study that the seniors are very comfortable with the PPO offering and to the extent you will see the sales force has an opportunity to discuss value preposition being very similar, we think our discussion with our senior that suggest that into the future they are likely to continue to get better benefits from the PPO relative to private fee-for-service and trying to discuss with the seniors the long-term beneficial effect of that offering. We think we will make good sense for them. And again, the research that we have done tell us that the seniors because of the time that they spent in their working life with a PPO kind of offering has made them very comfortable and they are not afraid of the PPOs some of you may think. 
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. I will leave with that. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Josh Raskin from Lehman Brothers. Sir, you have the floor. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Thank you. Good morning. Question relates to the margin, a little bit in 08 and more I think longer term, first, just sort of technical question, the Medicare MLR increased in 08. Is that mix shift issues towards more PPO and private fee-for-service or is there sort of an inherent overall increase that you guys are looking for? And then longer term, if you think about your margin expectations and, Mike, you talked about this consistent 5% government business margin over the long haul. It looks like TRICARE is coming in a little bit next year and commercial still going to be sort of slightly lower than 4% of sales. So, you back into a Medicare MLR, certainly over that 5% for 08. I am just curious if that sought is a sustainable level or if you think there is maybe potentially pressure in 09 and beyond? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  Sounded like this is Jim Murray. It sound like there were a lot of questions and I have been writing seriously. So, let me just start and see where that takes us. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Okay. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  I think the guidance that we have come out with for this years MER for Medicare is around 83%, and for next year, we are saying for 83% to 84%. I think that if we look for what we have reported this year there was a beneficial fact related to a PDP item. So, there is a little bit of noise there. This year has a favorable impact for that. There is a lot of things that obviously go into MER estimation. There is something that the actual risk called the durational impact. You have seen from our membership guidance this year that we are going to grow quite a bit, so that will improve our MERs going forward for the book of business that we write this year. We have got a book of business that we bring into the year where the durational impact would likely make the MERs go up a tad. And then there is a lot of other things that we were Mike talked about in terms of infrastructure and the lot of the other things that we are doing with the nurses and all the systems and procedures that would likely bring the MERs down. I am not trying to confuse there are lot of variables that go into the MER. So, I think in the final analysis, we are trying to be comfortable and conservative in our guidance for next year, and since this year is in the 83% range, the next year is 83% to 84% I think that you could there is a lot of variables in that ultimately plays itself out. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Maybe more [Technical Difficulty]. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  Josh, let me add to that. When I talk about 5%, we are targeting 5%. And thats for the overall Medicare business. I only wish we could we could get it exactly right, every single year. If any other progress relative utilization management and credit coordination all things we talk about, we could end up in one direction. We might something go the other way. The end of the day, the basic principal has been that if we get more productivity out of SG&A and other things, we intend to put it back into benefits because I think the long-term health of our relationship with our government is going to require that we do not expand margins beyond something concerned reasonable as I walk around Capital Hill, I never had any body push back and say 5% is ripping off the tax payers. So, its like the spot I like to be in. There is a huge growth opportunity without margin expansion here and thats the way we think about it. So, as these parts move around, we are always going to target a 5% overall margin over the long-term and is it going to be exactly 5%, probably not. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Thats helpful. I guess maybe just a quick easier simpler question, I guess for Jim. Apple-to-apples, if you look at your product for 07 versus 08 on the Medicare Advantage side. Are you anticipating MER increases or is and I know there was a whole bunch of moving parts there and if we exclude even the favorable development that you saw? I am just trying to get a sense of in terms of your benefit designs for 08 are you are they more generous or less generous vis--vis the premium you expect? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  All the other things that I laid out there put to the side are benefits that we are putting out this year are richer than they were this past year by a few basis point less than a basis point and this is what the actuaries tell me. But there are richer benefits. But then you have to think about all those other things that I walked you through and thats why there was the range of 83% to 84% that I think that we put out there. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  And then I just need one quick one in the accretion from KMG and from CompBenefits, are you guys are you going to quantify any updated expectation there? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  What we did in this guidance was continue to incorporate the guidance that when we announced each acquisition. So, in KMG is case, it was 4% to 5% and in the case of CompBenefits, it was 5% to 8%. So, its 9% to 13% overall. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Okay. But no change from those previous expectations? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Correct. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Perfect. Okay. Thanks. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Just coming back to your commercial part two, if we got to that 4%, again, that would be another year of improved commercial MER and also you have to remember on the TRICARE part of your question that you asked Jim. We also had a little special there that was as favorable piece. 
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers:  Sure. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Charles Boorady from Citigroup Investment Research. Sir, you have the floor. 
Charles Boorady - Citigroup Investment Research:  Thanks. Good morning. Jim, a follow-up on that cash flow question. Your operating cash flow $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion next year, your adjusted enterprise value is only about 8 times that even though your growth rates been quite high. And I think theres a little bit of clarity lacking on what exactly is free of your cash flow, but you mentioned some of the moving parts, including acquisitions et cetera. But given that you have built your RBC up now from the ramp up in enrollment growth, what do you think of as a sort of run rate of free cash flow excluding any discretionary CapEx? So, that we can think of valuation more free cash flow standpoint? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well, first of all, if you look at the 8 times as you say obviously what Mike just talked about on the political environment, all those things affect that multiple, but in looking at the specifics, again, we will go through it as we go through the years we always do. The way we look at the available cash is, once we satisfied CapEx because we think thats really whats necessary generally speaking to serve of our customers and we continue. We do some investing in CapEx that are sort of beyond that to get us to the next level of performance. But once we take that out of there and once we take the subsidiary thing, which I mentioned when its going to be much, much less than that it was before, we will be looking at substantial amounts to look at for acquisitions.  Again, until we go to the DOIs and until we go to the credit rating agencies, with our full year performance and its particularly in the state in each of the state that we do business in, its very hard to give up quantification other than to give the kind of range we gave for operating cash flow. The one thing we want you to takeaway is that we are in a much more liquid position in terms of that can have been in anytime in the last three years. 
Charles Boorady - Citigroup Investment Research:  Okay. We will leave it at this substantial, but if you can quantify that at some point it would be great. My other questions on Medicare Advantage, I just wanted to understand what bases you have to build into your budgets of 20%. Enrollment growth, which is an acceleration from 07. And so, you can talk about what the key drivers are? Whats gross versus net compared with 07 you expect better retention? Whats up selling from PDPs any big group retries that you expect, how much for Jan 1 versus the rest of the year et cetera, just so we have more to hang our head on there. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  This is Jim Murray, again. And I will give you some thing to think about. For a number of years, we have talked about how we create relationships with all of the members that we serve and we really focused on enhancing the experience that folks that had with us. So, this year we anticipate that we are going to have about 100,000 folks who will convert from a PDP offering to MAPD offering, because we have talked through the value to them for that kind of an offering and they have been given the choice and they have liked that choice. We think that there will be about 75,000 members that we have gained from the group what we generally call the group area. There is three pieces of that. There is the commercial group with businesses, and we are seeing a uptick in interest in VAT whereas the government business, the states and cities that have group retirees that are part of there employment force and were seeing an uptick in that and much of that will play itself out during the course of 2008, whereas the first one I talked about is primarily a January issue. And then theres another area thats pretty interesting for us.  Theres a lot of pockets of retirees and we would call that more like a Taft-Hartley kinds of opportunities. So, theres three pieces that we are pursuing in that regard, and we are seeing some nice uptick in each of those that looks like they will play out at different times during the course of the year. My early reference to the age-ins and theres increasingly a lot of processes that we are developing the focus on the age-ins. We think we will get about 130 new sales from those folks this coming year. And then the advertising that we do that brings in folks to our call centers and we have the opportunity to set appointments with them and go out and talk to them about the value, thats about another 145,000. So, there is a lot of sources to the 450,000 net new sales that we are going to have this coming year. So, we feel very good about that.  We also feel good that we are going to retain a lot of members. Last year, we warned that some of the folks that competed against us came out with some benefit designs that we actually had us scratching our head and we dont see as many of those this year, and so, we think we will retain more members than we have in the past. So, when you add all of that up, you come to the 200,000 to 250,000 net that Mike talked about. We feel pretty comfortable about that guidance. 
Charles Boorady - Citigroup Investment Research:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bill Georges from JP Morgan. You have the floor. 
William Georges - JP Morgan:  Thanks. Good morning. You mentioned in the prepared remarks a much, much better utilization statistics as measured by Humana versus what you call original Medicare. I am wondering if you could address what the drivers are there. And specifically, do you see a difference in utilization patterns between new members and the members that you had on your books for a period of time? 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  This is Mike. Let me give you an example and Jim can add to it. I was meeting this Congressman not too many days ago and we talked about some of these things. There is its a combination of more sophisticated approaches and CRM, sort of management of the population across a number of things, but some of the gifts down are really basic blocking and tackling. One of the things that we have learned over the years is that seniors get readmitted to hospitals pretty frequently when they get discharged, and remarkably, the things that pushes them back in the hospital are not what they were there in for originally. They fail to follow doctors order after discharge. Their social setting at home is weak, and they dont have people to help them. And so, you find real basic reasons why they end up bouncing back in hospitals.  And so, we put an infrastructure that reaches out to people who are discharged and you get a hold of them, you talk to them, you help them through, what you are supposed to be doing post discharge from hospitals, and you have a remarkable impact on return to hospital rates which is direct way to have a pretty significant impact, and theres a number of things like this. So, some of its pretty basic, some of its more sophistic. We have predicted modeling and capability around predicting when people are likely to have an episode of some sort. Thats attributed to an army of nurses out there, who are prepared to reach out and try to get ahead of things. So, again, it is a combination of basic things as well as some pretty interesting sophisticated things that have come out of our commercial business development over the last six or seven years. Do you want to add to that? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  You did a good job. The only thing I would add is the Mike talked about the predictive model and the fact that we have drug benefits in our product. Different than some of our competitors, and when people are using the drugs, we are identifying the illnesses that they may have. And so, we are proactively going out and reaching out to those folks and trying to do some things around care coordination. We also have the disease management programs which are highlighted because of our studying of the data that Mike referenced earlier and then one other thing that we do is we try to identify high utilizers to try to understand what's causing them to use the system so much and how we might be a part of their care coordination so again its just a lot of blocking and tackling as Mike said. 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Our data systems will tell us when people are splitting pills. We dont want them splitting pills. We want them complying with the medications in the way that they were designed and things like that so. Again, I think that and that really goes back to the basic point. The old Medicare program is completely uncontrolled. Its a check writing machine. So, to think that thats going to be effective is just silly. And so, the whole premise is real straightforward. You get organized, you look at this thing, and you basically try to use the best value you can in actual clinical applications, so that you end up with people using a system when they need it only, and they clearly not bouncing in and out in an inappropriate fashion, which everybody on this call has either family or parents that have used a healthcare system and just how discombobulated it is. So, its really disorganization. 
William Georges - JP Morgan:  And do you see any differences between utilization among new members and members that you had on your books for a period of time? 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. Thats I may have confused it earlier thats the what the actuaries tell me is called the durational impact. At first, when we get individuals into the program, they dont use it as much as they are more comfortable or are familiar with, how the whole system works. They will use more also they are obviously age-ins. And so, there is some increased utilization as time goes on, but nothing significant. The other thing that I would throw out real quickly is that when we first started our growth of the private fee-for-service offering, there was a group of folks who had some real illnesses that joined right away and so we had a sell-through that for some of the disabled that we got it at the beginning, but those folks are now a very small percentage of the total membership. 
William Georges - JP Morgan:  Okay. If I could ask just one last quick one. At a very high level, what do you see as a sort of a long-term penetration for Medicare Advantage, if assuming we are at about 8% of the total market right now? I am sorry, 20% if one remembers. 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, its hard to say. I mean if everything stays the way things are today, and the industry as well as Humana continues to rollout these offerings and these capabilities throughout the country, I think that penetration can be very, very high, because this is just frankly a better deal for virtually everyone. But again, we are introducing new product to people and communities where they havent seen them before. They have to get and singers as we talked about many times tend to be pretty sticky with where they are. So, its hard to predict as you look across the entire country and you think about rural communities, suburban versus urban all those sort of things. Its hard to predict with great accuracy where that might go. But if its based on just value proposition, its going to be very, very high. 
William Georges - JP Morgan:  Great. Thank you. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Christine Arnold from Morgan Stanley. Miss Arnold, you have the floor. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley:  Thank you. Good morning. As we think about Medicare Advantage, how much are you able to better assess the health status of members, and therefore, get better risk premiums in year two versus year one for private fee-for-service member? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  I am not sure I am following your question, Christine. This is Jim. About risk adjustment? 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley:  Yes, a better coding for members. My understanding is that year two you have been trying to get 2% added to the rate because you are better able to identify the health status of the member and document, they have this thing, that thing, the other thing going on. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  We dont I dont know any facts or figures as respects to that. All we attempt to do is to identify an individuals illness and to the extent that the information that we get from the federal government tells us one thing as respects their illness versus what we see by looking in medical records. We pass that information along, but we dont have any targets or 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  There is no correlation that we have ever seen that says that thats what too in subsequent year. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. As I think about the Medi you are not going with this so I am thinking you guys are going to get like a 4% increase kind of statutes. You can get a percent or two from better coding for health status which is going to get us up to 5% or 6%. The non-urban docs are going to get zero and so are the non-urban hospitals. So, on Medicare, can you enhance benefits by less than a percent so that rollover mapping, it seems to me that the Medicare Advantage MLR is poised to improve next year. Is the logic wrong somewhere? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  No, again, I read it and I probably confused a lot of folks who were in here, their eyes were rolling in their head but there are so many variables that each year going to the MER. Theres the new business, theres the durational impact of the business that you brought into the year, there is the beneficial effect of the integration or the investment spending that we are doing on the utilization tools. Theres all kinds of things that go in to the MER. And so, I am reluctant to tell you with any precision exactly what the MERs are going to do next year. I think we are more in the ballpark and thats built into our guidance. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Final question. Mike, it sounds like in your comments on Washington that you are less concerned about whats going to happen there and rate cuts given seniors mobilizing. Can you just expand on that a bit? 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Well they are mobilizing and there has been a number of cases up there where they really have spoken out and got involved. I mean, looks you cant have this many million satisfied folks with tax on programs and I have no response. So, yes. They are mobilized, they are actually not that difficult to mobilize, they do care, we are interested. I said I think several months ago here, the grass roots capability of the industry and our Company are way beyond where they were a decade ago when this last big debate happened, so, yes, politically its a powerful group, ready to go and they can be mobilized and they are willing to be mobilized. So, some ways where without while they doesnt generate a pretty decent conversation at the end of the day because there are some real fundamental problems out there. Doctors are facing pay outs on January 1. I will guarantee it will get thrown back in the scrum as people start talking about I paid for all that. So, we are always going to we sort of adopted the idea that given how big Medicare is and how fast it is growing, everything else I have said about it, it is two things.  It is an incredible business opportunity, but it always makes us a target for people that are looking to make changes in budget thats up there. And so, thats why over time, the actual value proposition and our ability to help with the budget problem becomes very, very important. But in the mean, its important that this program have enough time to run its course through infrastructure development, application of all these tools. So, this debate goes from occasionally ludicrous up there around I am just trying to figure out I am going to fund something next year to some pretty interesting conversations about how to solve the trust fund problem and we are in the middle of all that, but I would suggest that we will if the headline in Washington says that we are going to Medicare Advantage bothers you, you are probably new on stock because its something that we live with the rest of our time here and I think at this point, all I can tell you is we are important here, we have been adding good value, that people that we are serving are very focused and very interested in this. And I think the political conversation hopefully can be brought to a level where people are actually looking a little further out around whether the value they bring in here is useful to the program, we think it is.  In the meantime, you can get two kinds of combinations. The sophisticated, legitimate argument around whats good and whats bad. Then you have just the pure political conversation of how often the phones are going to ring if changes are made. 
Christine Arnold - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mr. Greg Nersessian from Credit Suisse. Sir, you have the floor. 
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Thank you. Good morning. My first question was on the commercial business actually the you continue to see very strong individual market growth, not something necessarily specific to Humana. Some your competitors are going to see that as well. Just wondering if you could talk about that. Just first generally whats changed in the individual market thats made that more attractive and where that penetration is coming from and it is specific to Humana, what do you view as your change in your value proposition that has made that business somewhat not able to grow so much faster than it has in the past. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  This is Jim Murray. We are not growing very nicely in the individual space and as we have shared with you at Investor conferences in the past that is the line of business in our commercial portfolio thats the most profitable, so thats obviously a good thing. We also shared with you in the past that there is a lot of members that were in the Blue Cross, family of companies for lack of a better way to say it and that was an area that we thought we could provide a better and different value proposition than some of the Blues in states that we are competing against. We are coming out with a lot of really neat consumer offerings and a lot of products that are focusing on particular segments in the population and I dont think the Blues in some of the states that we do business have been as innovative as we have been. Some of our competitors are doing a pretty good job as well. We have just come out with a new suite of products at Humana that are going nicely. And in addition to all of that background, theres obviously some likelihood that the group business is shedding some members as the companies down size and decide to get out of the insurance business and some employees are buying some of the individual products. I think it is a pretty neat area of business for us to focus on and thats one of the reasons that the KMG acquisition was attractive to us, because it is an individual sale. So, we are very focused on that particular area of business a direct sale to an individual. 
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay. Great. Those very helpful. My second question was for Jim Bloem. I guess my reading of what you were saying was that the seasonality in the EPS next year was as it pretence to the government sector, should be relatively consistent with 2007. I guess you would have thought with the widening of the risk quarters that would have impacted the seasonality a little more is that not right or whats offsetting that impact? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Actually your first proposition was right. Basically we expect 2008 to be a lot closer to 2007 and 2007 was obviously was less to 06. So that's the main take away there. That's to do obviously with the timing of enrolling and all the things that happened in 06. So 07 has set a pattern that we think is going to be much more returned back going forward. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  Well maybe I would just jump in and say that, as we have data that helps us estimate claims going forward, we wouldnt anticipate that there would be a much of a risk payment to or from Federal Government. And its more closely aligned to our bid models. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well thats one of the things but I think what Gregs talking about is the slide thats got the 5 key factors and how the quarter over that our cover built. 
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  No that's helpful, its just ok. So your experience allows you to predict the cost better, which would eliminate the needs for the risk share, you are not going to break through those quarters as much anyway? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thats correct. 
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay and then just a last quick question, I guess your exposure in Florida both on Medicare and medicate. Has there been any elevation in the level of interaction with local government agencies or regulatory over side that you can speak to that I guess might suggest that recent events there are anything but specific to you know the company involved or reflect a broader regulatory, heightened regulatory environment in that state? 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, Mike, I don't know what the issues are relative to that the answer that you are talking about at this point. I will tell you that when you are in this business both in the state prospective and federal prospective its very crucial that you have a great infrastructure around compliance, and good discipline about how you settle the market place and we put a lot of energy into that. We want to be in this line for a long time and so our investment is training, education, ethics programs, compliance across the entire company is pretty significant and it helps that we have been at it for 20 some years. And I think Ive said to some of you as you visited here often on last couple of years, one of my biggest concerns is that we had so many entrants into the business that, I was a little worried about what was going to happen for regulatory prospective as we got into this. And so I don't know whats going on there and wouldnt comment on it other than we, you may have it, are doing everything we can to make sure we dot all the Is and cross all the Ts in all these issues. Its not an issue for us. 
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. 
Operator:  The next question comes Scott Fidel form Deutsche Bank. Sir you have the floor. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks and good morning. First question just relative to your commercial and enrolment guidance to add up 50 to 75 thousand lives maybe a bit more detail on how you expect that to break out between group, and then individual and then between ASO and risk? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  This is Jim Murray again, I would guess that the, 75%, 50% to 75% of the 50 to 75 thousand Im sorry, would likely be in the individual space with the other 25% coming from group business. I would guess that the split between self funded or ASO business and fully ensured would probably be about the same for that remaining 25%. I don't think that theres going to be significant variation or growth in fully insured versus self funded. I think it will stay pretty similar to what it currently is today. But most of the 50 to 75 thousand member growth would come from the individual space really doing some neat things there. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank:  Okay and then just on part D, your thoughts around margins and PMPM revenues directionally relative to this year. And maybe how you expect enrolment relative to the guidance to break down between the three primary product lines? Will there be any big movement in one of them like we saw will complete in 2007? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  This is Jim again, that was probably the toughest call that I would have, that any of the questions that you all would ask. That ones the toughest for me to figure out. As you know we had some problems with the costs related to the duel eligibles that we serve in the standard plans and there were a number of states where we went above the benchmarks and will lose the duels. I think that the loss of the duels is just about equal to the membership loss that weve given guidance on. Mike did reference earlier in his remarks that the, when you go to the Medicare.gov website, that on an overall value basis, not just looking at premium but looking at total, out of pocket costs to the seniors that we look really, really good which Im encouraged about because that says that the, products that we are putting out there for the seniors bring them real value. We are not trying to be real skinny on the formulary and the amount that the seniors have to pay when they go into the drug store so I feel very good about that and its not all about premiums. So we are cautiously optimistic that the volatilities that we are wooing to, or that what we have coming into the year, we are going to hold as we go into the next part of the year.  As the respects, the different standards versus enhanced versus complete, I think well loss the 200,000 or 300,000 duals, which are in the standard. Some, we might loss some complete members because were done some things there, in terms of the product and the benefit design, but I wouldnt expect a significant amount. The only thing that I would suggest is that over the next couple of months or perhaps year what weve got to do with CMS is to try to figure out how the companies like us are compensated for the duals so that we do not have this merry go around, that the seniors are on where a company has the duels for a couple of years and then has to give them up, because their medical costs aren't in line with the reimbursement for the government. That's something that we all ought to focus on so that we can make the experience with the seniors a lot better than its going to be this year when they have to move to different plans. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank:  Okay and if could just slip another quick one in. Just relative to KMG, any guidance you could give us on when that comes on board in 4Q? How that will hit the enrolment schedule in terms of some of the specialty line? And then also just on the $200 million in revs from that, what the break down would be between premiums and fees? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  We are targeting trying to get that transaction done hopefully by the end of November, but it might slip into Decemberish or towards the end of the year. They have a book of business that has a lot of voluntary and supplemental products. They also have a book of business that is stop loss they like to lead with; they like to be as they say at the medical table so that they can sell some of their voluntary offerings. And so a lot of their premiums come from stock loss but also from some of the group life and group LPD and voluntary life and voluntary LPD in critical illness policies as well. As I sit here right now I frankly dont know this split on the fee based versus premium based revenues. I guess Regina can get you that after the call how does that work. 
Regina Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Scott I will just have to follow back with you based on the publicly available information. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank:  Yes thats fine. 
Regina Nethery - Vice President, Investor Relations:  That's where I would go to get it. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank:  Okay thanks. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Justin Lake of UBS. Sir you have the floor. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Thanks good morning, two questions, one around the member ship, expectations for next year. Can you give us an idea what you are expecting for the total growth of Medicare advantage? It looks like your, you are looking for your membership or your net adds be nearly 2x this year and when you look at the overall Medicare advantage, Mark it looks like its been relatively flat as far as the absolute number of ads 07 versus 06. Do you expect it to accelerate next year or you just looking for your share of the market growth to increase? And if so if you are looking for your market share to increase can you tell us what you expect those drivers to be, whos going to be giving it up? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well, Justin what we are suggesting I think by the conversations weve had today is that we are looking for a real balanced approach. In the past years in 2006, basically everybody was new so we were trying to get everybody in the plans and then figure out what the appropriate choice for them is. As were worked through it now were got a real balanced way to get members and that's why the guidance for membership in MA is higher, because we have the opportunity to again to continue to show our existing voluntary PDP members, that theres real value in the health care and the total health benefit proposition. Jim Murray went over the three different kinds of groups; several working with those are sort of multiple years sales. So you get bigger opportunity accumulative opportunity that opens up as time goes on. Then theres of course always the A gyms [ph] and we continue to be more effective with finding them and looking for them and then again for new member. So what we think in terms of looking at that membership pro for say 200 or 250 versus the 130 we are saying this year that's the ability really of the cumulative work we have done in the program to get balanced. So places to go look for new members and show our value. 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Just to add I even go further than that, I would disconnect your thinking relative to the commercial business where its all just about market share moving around of them folks. This is a growing market place and you start thinking about employers, moving people into the Medicare branch new regions new locations being opened up. If we didnt take a single member from a competitor we would have very good growth in this product over the next few years. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Okay maybe my last question would just be around we talk a little about the legislature environment. When I talk to people down at Washington I hear the word provider deeming a lot. And Im a little bit uncertain about what that is and how it affects your business? Can you just give us a little bit of an over view as to especially I guess it relates to specifically to product people service. But can you talk about what provider deeming, is how important it is to your ability to offer plans and what you think the changes might be and how you would react to them? Thanks. 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Let me start by saying that is one aspect of a number of variables being discussed in terms of changes going forward. So I wouldnt get too caught up in the moment because who knows what ultimately it would look like when its all is said and done. But I will explain it. We don't technically have deeming today in our private papers service and PPO products. Its not technically there. What we have is the situation where we are able to sell into a community and the providers just agree to accept those people and we pay them through additional Medicare payment rates for doing so. But theres no actual contract involved. So some are describing the current world as deeming, I would say that its not and weve had great success in virtually almost every market we had a couple of hot spots when we first started. Were providers in the community were saying we didnt want to take these patients even thought we were paying the same as the federal government, but thats largely behind us at this point and providers and almost every place we are in today and long since got in past weather they are going to take people and be paid by us for services to those folks. So at the end of the day am not so sure how meaningful this is going to be one way or another. It could potentially slow down geographic expansions to the extent that we had to start contracting with folks for private paper service, that type of things. But at this point I don't think we are any where near that being the answer at this point. So, its not like a hard business. No matter what goes on I think relatively going forward, I don't think the existing business is going to be materially touched by this ideal even if it has some traction I think its too early to know whether it does. 
Regina Nethery  Investor Relations:  And this is Regina. I just wanted to follow back on Scott Fidels question on the revenue, on the premium versus ASO fees split on KMG. Most of the revenues are associated; probably 80% to 90% are associated with premium revenues as opposed to ASO fees.  Next question please 
Operator:  The next question comes from Carl McDonald Mr. McDonald from CIBC, you have the floor. 
Carl McDonald - CIBC World Markets:  Great thank you, on the Medicare home and growth, just wanted to clarify how much you think is going to come in the first quarter, versus maybe some of the group stuff you know that's more back end waited? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  This is Jim Murray again I would anticipate that probably 60% would come in the 11:15 to 03:31 time frame 
Carl McDonald - CIBC World Markets:  Okay. And then second, pull back to the durational impact, how much of that is due to just differences in demographics? Do you have any data in terms of what your average age of a Medicare member is and your current population versus the average age of the new members that you signed up this year? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  I don't have that at my finger tips. perhaps the next time we do a quarterly call we can give you that kind of back ground but frankly I don't know the different states that we do business how our different age plays out in those different space and. 
Carl McDonald - CIBC World Markets:  Its not specific just a sort of general sense of how much of it is sort of age related versus just people of any age just needing to get used to the benefits 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  I would have said it's the later rather then the former. A person gets a year older each year and as they get more comfortable with the benefits, they seem to you know use them a little bit more, I don't think it's a significant but its something that we focused on to make sure that we think about that when we are creating our benefits designs year after year. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  One thing that I find that people have a misconception about is that they think that theres different age, lets say 65-75, 75-85 and over 85 are different in the different plans. But we found that they are not. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, the demographics related to the PPO versus the priority per services versus the HMO also increased similar for us. There is no age that goes to the private pay per service versus any of the other products. It all seems pretty fairly distributed. 
Carl McDonald - CIBC World Markets:  Okay so you think there is no difference in demographics between the products but obviously very different, big difference is in terms of medical expenses between the different age groups. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  As people get older they obviously spend more in terms of-- 
Carl McDonald - CIBC World Markets:  Right Okay. Great thanks you. 
Operator:  Next question comes from Peter Costa from FTN Midwest Securities, you have the floor. 
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities:  Hi everybody. Just as I want to reconcile one thing, the difference between the gross and the net Medicare advantage ads for 2007 and 2008 seems fairly similar. So naturally were predicting fairly similar disenrolments, that being the difference. For both years, you just talked about fewer plans doing questionable things in 2008 versus 2007. Are you factoring in something more for somebody being more aggressive in there marketing or perhaps somebodys brand being better, perhaps United coming back on being a little stronger in 2008, than they were in 2007. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well youre looking at the gross number of terms as opposed to the percentage. We are obviously a lot bigger this year than we were last year. So I, as the function of the percentage of our existing block thats going up for sale, I think we are doing better year-over-year. 
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities:  Okay. 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Okay. 
Peter Costa - FTN Midwest Securities:  Thanks. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from Matt Perry from Wachovia Capital, sir you have the floor. 
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets:  Hi good morning. Just wanted to go back a little bit on the discussion of cash flow and I can understand its early, even a few months before we began 08. So the absolute, the detail around free cash available year-end 08 is a little bit lacking. But I would like to understand may be your philosophy on using that cash, because it seems like this will be the first time coming up in 08 in last several years you might have substantial cash that you could deploy? So should we think of, in the absence of M&A that some of that cash should be used for share buybacks? 
James H. Bloem - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Again, thats sort of the higher RP that weve always talked about and as I mentioned before, we havent really talked about it since 2004 because all the cash that weve generated is been used really to, either do acquisitions or further capitalize the operating subsidiaries or CapEx, and that sort of the rotation, first thing we make sure is everything is capitalized, then we look at what kind of CapEx we could spend and how that will raise the value of the firm. We are always looking at potential acquisitions. We have shown a lot of things, we have talked to you about couple of them today. In the specialty area, they are going to make a big difference in our Company for the years to come. So, we always look for things that can continue to raise the value of Humana. And then if those are exhausted, and we have that situation, lets say in 03 and early 04 then we do share repurchase, that sort of the last new sub-cash or last priority. And we measure the other ones against that continuing as well. And so, we are always looking at really a ranking of the returns that we get from the different activities. 
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets:  Okay. Thats helpful. And then I apologies if I miss this, and if I did, I can just catch it offline. But the TRICARE margin, looks like it expected to go down, a 100 basis points or more in 08. Could you just talk about that? 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  This is Jim Murray, again. Remember that we had a non or a one-time item this past year, that we have described earlier today. We wont have that next year. So, when you strip that out, I think, thats probably most of the difference. 
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets:  Okay. I guess, I was just looking your initial guidance for 07 was a 3% to 4% margin and now its down for 08 to 2.5% to 3.5%. So, even kind of excluding that item, it looks like it might be going down. 
James E. Murray - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer:  It does include that item. And then there is also the issue that in option period four, the amount of base margin we expect to collect based on our targeted medical expense. It will little less than it will be little bit less as we finish the option period four which will get done in really 2008, and it wasnt in 2007. 
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets:  Okay. Thats helpful. All right. Thanks a lot. 
Michael B. McCallister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Now, let me close today by basically summarizing, I think, three bullets, whats happen here. We had a very, very quarter. We are on target with everything we have told you for 07. We are our Medicare strategy, which is differentiated in this market and we are pleased with that. It is playing out as predicted. We are very excited about where 08 is shaping up for us across all of our lines of business. I repeat it again, consumers in this business is relevant and he is the differentiator, and you can see he beginning to play out virtually across all our product lines.  And with that I would like to thank all the associated who are on this call for the great work you done and makes all this possible. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
