===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: On today's call, I am joined by Herve Hoppenot, Pablo Cagnoni, and Christiana Stamoulis, who will deliver our prepared remarks. Matteo Trotta, Mohammed, and Steven Stein will also be available for the Q&A. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. I will now hand the call over to Herve Hoppenot.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter of 2025 was very important for Incyte Corporation not only because of the good performance of the commercial portfolio, but mostly because Q1 2025 puts us on a great trajectory for long-term growth with the continuous expansion of Apteloa, successful launch of NixTimo, and the successes of the pivotal studies in HS and proof of concept study in CSU. The financial performance was very strong with growth above 20% in both product and total revenues. Our cash position at the end of the quarter reached $2.4 billion. On the commercial side, Nikkynvo's successful launch is one of the four planned launches for Incyte Corporation in 2025 in the US. On the R&D front, we report significant progress so far this year with several key data positive readouts. Exa bioequivalents for oaxlatinib, proof of concept data in for Povo, and phase three results for oxylutinib in preregional nodularies. And pravositinib in HS. In Q1, product revenue grew 26% with total revenues increasing 20% year over year to $1.05 billion. This growth was driven by the ongoing demand for Jakafi and Upseroa, the initial launch of Nick Dimbo in third line chronic GVHD. Moving to slide seven and the first quarter of commercial performance for Jakatay. Jakafi net product revenue in the first quarter grew 24% year over year to $709 million. Total patients increased 10% when compared to the same quarter in 2024. Due to strong demand and the expected continued growth of Jakafi, we are raising the full year 2025 net product revenue guidance to a new range of $2.95 to $3 billion. Turning to slide eight. I am looking at Jakafi weekly dispenses by indication. During 2023, 2024, and the first quarter of 2025. As you can see, unit growth remains robust across all three indications. Myelofibrosis showed growth again this quarter, while the most significant increase was seen in polycythemia vera. We expect PV to become the largest contributor for TAKATA over time, supported by the data from the Magic TV study, which underscores the benefit of early intervention with Checkatrade and its impact on thrombosis-free survival. Moving to slide nine, Total Upsilon net product revenue in the first quarter was $119 million, up 38% when compared to the same quarter last year, driven by continued growth in the U.S., increased contribution from Germany and France, and the more recent launches in Italy and Spain. In the US, annual prescription trends for 2024 and the first quarter of 2025, as shown on the right of Slide nine, reflect continued growth of Obelura for both atopic dermatitis and DTLAGO. Effective March first, Optum Premium added Upsilon to their preferred formulary, which means Upsilon is now preferred on two out of the three big PBM national formularies. This change has enhanced our commercial coverage from 86% to 94%. On Slide ten, and our newest commercial product, NIKE TIMVOC, NIQTYVOU is the seventh product commercialized directly by Incyte Corporation that Jack Afre is Obserli, IQOSIC, Pemazier, Monjuvie, and Zenit. A novel medicine launched at the end of January for patients with sub line chronic graft versus host disease addresses an important medical need and it has significant long-term growth potential. After two months of commercialization, Neximbo net product revenues in the first quarter were $14 million driven by high patient need and strong commercial execution, along with our partner, SimDAC. So we are seeing positive early launch metrics with widespread product awareness and interest. Ninety-five percent of top BMC centers have used nicotine bull and seventy percent of all BMC centers have ordered. NIKTIMO is the first anti CSF1R antibody approved to target the inflammation and fibrosis associated with chronic GVHD and we are already seeing the impact it is having for patients giving us increased optimism for the long-term potential of this product as it is moving to earlier line of treatment. On slide eleven, a reminder that 2025 will be a pivotal year for Incyte Corporation with numerous defining catalysts set to create a significant inflection point. Launch of Nick Dimple has already shown strong initial success, and we are preparing for three additional launches this year. Collectively offering important near-term revenue potential. We plan to initiate at least three phase three studies and anticipate that seven early-stage programs will generate informative data. This development has the potential to transform our company. Finally, before I turn the call to Christiana, I would like to address the topic of tariffs. Seven years ago, we started a strategy to establish dual sourcing for key Incyte Corporation products with the goal of having a backup FDA or EMA approved facility in case of technical issues. This approach is giving us today flexibility for key products to manufacture in the US for the US market and for Europe. From Europe, for ex US. Therefore, we expect the impact to Incyte Corporation of any potential tariffs on pharmaceuticals to be minimal. Finally, our exposure to China is now limited to some starting material for some of our drugs, and we currently hold inventory of starting material to support our forecasted supply needs over a multiyear period. And have alternative sources of supply of starting materials that we could consider moving to if needed. Now I will hand over the call to Christiana Stamoulis for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Herve, and good morning. In the first quarter of 2025, we delivered total revenues of $1.05 billion, up 20% versus the same period last year. Total products revenues of $922 million in the first quarter represent an increase of 26% year over year. Driven by strong demand growth for Jakafi and Opselura, as well as initial contribution from the commercial launch of Nixinibor during the quarter. Turning to Jakafi on Slide sixteen. Jakafi net product revenue was $709 million for the first quarter representing 24% growth versus the first quarter of 2024. Pay demand increased 10% versus the prior year period reflecting continued growth in all indications. Net product revenue growth also reflects a positive gross to net impact from the removal of the party coverage gap liability under the inflation reduction act and inside phase in participation in the Part D initial and catastrophic phases partially offset by growth in 340B. As a result of Jakafi qualifying for the small biotech exception, Incyte Corporation's participation in the Part D cover is limited to 1% in both the initial and catastrophic phases. We expect this gross to net favorability per party to be limited to Q1 and for the remaining quarters in 2025, we expect the party coverage liability to be in line with 2024. Lastly, the year over year comparison of net product revenue includes a 7% positive impact due to less destocking in the first quarter of 2025 versus the first quarter of 2024. At the end of Q1 2025, Jakafi inventory levels were within normal range. Turning now to OXXELUR on slide seventeen. Net product revenue for the first quarter was $119 million representing a 38% increase year over year. US net product revenue of $95 million was up 20% year over year driven by a 24% increase in pay demand, partially offset by a reduction in channel inventory. Channel inventory levels ended the quarter within normal range. Ex US net of product revenues of $23 million were driven by uptake in Germany and France, as well as the recent launches in Italy and Spain. As in prior years, Obsilura first quarter results reflect the typical seasonality we see in the first quarter of each year driven by the reset of insurance plan annual deductibles in the US as well as holidays and other events that negatively impact scripts. Turning now to other hematology oncology products. On slide nineteen. Net product revenues for the first quarter were $94 million representing a 30% increase year over year. This is primarily driven by the commercial launch of Niktimpo during the first quarter of 2025, which contributed $14 million in net product sales. Growth from ONJUVI in the first quarter of the year primarily reflects a full quarter of sight recording net product revenues in the US versus two months of net product revenues in 2024 as a result of the acquisition of the exclusive US rights to Monjuvie that closed in February 2024. Moving on to slide twenty and our operating expense. Total GAAP R&D expenses were $437 million for the first quarter an increase of 2% year over year driven by continued investment in our late-stage development assets offset by the timing of certain expenses which favorably impacted Q1 2025. Moving to SG&A, total GAAP SG&A expenses were $326 million for the first quarter, representing an 8% year over year increase primarily driven by timing of consumer marketing expenses and certain other expenses. Finally, total going operating expenses in the first quarter of 2025 increased 6% year over year compared to a 20% increase in revenues during the same period leading to further increase in operating leverage and margins. Moving on to our guidance for 2025. We are increasing our full year guidance for Jakafi from a range of $2.925 to $2.975 billion to a new range of $2.95 to $3 billion. We are reiterating our full year guidance for Obselura, our other hematology oncology products, COGS, R&D, and SG&A. For R&D, our guidance excludes the impact of the recent deal we signed with Genesis, which is expected to add $15 million to our full year R&D spend. I will now turn the call to Pablo Cagnoni for an R&D update.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Christiana, and good morning, everyone. As we highlighted a year ago and we summarized on this slide, we remain on track to deliver more than ten high-impact launches by 2030 from programs across the portfolio. In the next few slides, I would like to provide an update on two of these programs. The phase two proof of concept study of pobarsidinib in patients with chronic spontaneous circulatory care and an update on the phase three results for poorsitinib in patients with heredionitis super. We are delighted to announce the positive top line results for the phase two study evaluating poursitinib in patients with chronic spontaneous tikarria. The study met the primary endpoint at the seventy-five milligram dose, of change from baseline into urticaria activity scores summed over seven days or US seven, at week twelve. Treatment with over Sydney was well tolerated with known safety signals observed. These results open the door to a potentially new treatment option for over three hundred thousand patients with CSU are inadequately controlled, on antihistamines. We are pleased with this proof of concept results which will be presented at an upcoming medical conference. And we will be engaging with regulatory agencies to determine next steps as we plan a pivotal study for poursitinib in patients with CSU. Just a few weeks ago, we presented the results of the phase three studies, STOPHS one and STOPHS two, evaluating povarsitinib in patients with moderate to severe HS. The studies showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in high score at both doses in both studies. Slides twenty-five and twenty-six summarize updated results through eighteen weeks of follow-up in these two studies. As a reminder, patients on placebo were allowed to crossover at week twelve and were randomized to either forty-five or seventy-five milligrams of roversitinib. As illustrated in the chart, for those patients who started on pobacitinib and stop h s one, the number of patients achieving high score increased from one hundred and seventy-six at week twelve to two hundred and three by week eighteen. Among the patients who crossed over from placebo to receive either porvacitin forty-five or seventy-five milligrams, high score at week eighteen improved from twenty-eight point six percent and plus which placebo and fifty-seven point eight respectively. Importantly, for the crossover patients, the number of responders increased from fifty-eight to one hundred in just six weeks. Demonstrating once again the rapid onset of benefit produced by poursindiv in patients with HS. Similar findings are observed in stop HS1 summarized on this slide. For those patients who started on pobricitinib, the number and proportion of patients achieving high score continues to increase from one hundred and sixty-four patients at week twelve to a hundred and seventy-seven patients at week eighteen. Among the patients who crossed over from placebo, to receive either poursidinib forty-five or seventy-five milligrams, high score week eighteen improved from twenty-nine point seven percent on placebo to fifty-eight percent and fifty-five point two percent respectively while the number of those achieving high school increased from sixty to ninety-nine. This week eighteen results from both stop ages one and stop HS two clearly show that the response rates in the power sydney farms continue to increase over time. And perhaps more importantly, demonstrated doubling of the responses in patients initially randomized to placebo after they were switched to either poursidinib dose level. We previously reported a greater differential efficacy in favor of poracitinib in patients previously treated with biologics with an average placebo adjusted difference in high score of nineteen point one percent for pravosidinib forty-five milligrams and eighteen point three percent for porbarsidinib seventy-five milligrams in the pooled analysis for stop h s one and stop h s two. In slides twenty-seven and twenty-eight, show that this is true regardless of the type of biologic being considered. Either anti TNF or anti l seventeen agents. Shown on this slide is a high score, but prior anti TNF therapy with a placebo subtracted high score of thirteen to twenty-three percent in the different arms of these two studies. On slide twenty-eight, we see the high score by prior anti IL seventeen therapy with a placebo subtracted high score of five to twenty-five percent in favor of porvacitinib treated patients. In all, totality of the data presented clearly demonstrates that patients with HS have the potential to benefit from over Sidney therapy regardless or whether they have received treatment with a biologic and regardless of the type of biologic they received. We are pleased by the positive data that Power Cyndic continues to generate. With positive phase three data for HS, positive phase two proof of concept data previously presented for Vitiligo, Perrigo Nodularis, and now at CSU, where Sydney solidifies itself as a potential new medicine across several indications in development. We are securing a broad development plan and anticipate additional proof of concept data for asthma to be available in the second half of 2025. We continue to evaluate additional opportunities for provercitinib and plan to share these updates in the second half of 2025. As mentioned by Herve, 2025 will be a pivotal year for Incyte Corporation. With over eighteen key milestones, including four new product launches, four pivotal trial readouts, at least three phase three study initiations, and seven proof of concept study results. As you can see on slide thirty-two, we have achieved several of these milestones with the launch of NickTimbo, bioequivalency data for ruxolitinib extended release, phase three data for roxolitinib cream and paragon nodularis, and povarsitinib and hydronetis suppurativa as well as the phase two proof of concept data for CSU. We look forward to sharing additional updates on these milestones over the course of 2025. I will now hand the call over to Herve Hoppenot for closing remarks.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you. Before we close the presentation following Pablo's update on the Provo data in HS, I would like to comment on the HS market in 2027 in the US. When PoVault would be launched. It is a fast-growing market where there are more than one hundred thousand diagnosed patients with moderate and CBHS who do not yet receive advanced systemic therapies. The illustration on slide thirty-two reflects the group of patients on systemic therapy. Are around three thousand patients who are not eligible for injectable treatment with biologics. As research shows that ten to fifteen percent of eligible diagnosed chest patients are not receiving injectable therapy for practical, financial, reasons or at the patient's request. COVA will be the only oral treatment approved in the prebiologic setting, and we anticipate this segment to grow significantly in the years following the approval of Povacitinib. In 2027, PovartiTene will compete for the sixteen thousand new biologically eligible patients started on systemic therapy that year in dark blue on the graph with a product profile based on an oral treatment with high high score durable responses, and fast pain relief. The largest segment at launch in 2027 will be the group of patients in light blue on the right who have received biologic treatment including anti IL seventeen and require a new treatment option for lack of good disease control. We estimate that group at twenty-seven thousand patients or around one third of a pool of seventy-four thousand patients on biologics that year. This is equivalent to an estimate of average biologics treatment duration of three years. In this patient population, as Pablo has presented earlier, progressive gene efficacy profile is unique and will drive the early adoption curve. Overall, this estimate shows that porcetine will be potentially targeting forty-six thousand HS patients in 2027. With the longer-term data shown today for new patient, with efficacy data maintained in the post biologics setting, we see HS as an important contributor to the total potential of povarsitinib with BT Ligo, ProEgo Naluaris, and now CSU as the subsequent indication. To recap, we have delivered a very strong commercial execution in the first quarter in both oncology and in dermatology. The successful launch of Nixinvo that there is a clear need for new treatments in GVHD giving us optimism for the long-term potential of Nikkynbo. This quarter is when we confirm that Poro will be potentially launched in 2027 for HS with positive data on all primary endpoint in both phase three studies the competitive profile in treatment naive and post biologic HS, and now proof of concept in CSU. This result reinforces positive potential as a multibillion driver of future growth for our company. Our pipeline continues to advance with short-term deliverable for three additional in 2025, Roxxa in 2026 and good progress of the earlier project. And importantly, we have multiple upcoming milestones and catalysts remaining in 2025 which will further shape our trajectory and create additional value. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instruction and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. In the interest of time, we ask you to please ask one question then return to the queue. Our first question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a question on Jakafi where PV, as you mentioned, is now the most important growth driver for the product. You know, capturing about one third of sales and can you talk a bit more about your expectations for how much of that is driven going forward by new patients versus continued, you know, use of the drug by patients on therapy. And secondly, there was some recent positive announcement of phase three data of a hepcid mimetic in PV as an add on to standard of care. How do you expect that potential approval to impact potential use of Jakafi going forward? Thanks so much.
Mohammed: Hi, Michael. Mohammed here. Thank you for the question. Let me just address the PV growth drivers first. The team is doing a really nice job today executing on our PV strategy. Educating the marketplace on the importance of treating PV earlier with Jakafi, which results in reducing the risk of thrombosis. And because of that, we are seeing actually new patient growth as well as patients continuing on therapy. So the drivers for growth for us in the future will be a combination of both new patient starts as well as persistency within that. And then from the phase three data that you are mentioning, look, I think, you know, first and foremost, it is always good to see new treatment options available for patients. That said, the agent that you are referring to is currently being studied in combination with other agents. We think that that is going to be used generally in combination with Jackify and others. And JackFi, on the other hand, remains you know, the only FDA approved JAK inhibitor for PV after HU failures or intolerance that addresses both hematocrit and disease progression. That is a really unique profile for us that we think continues to put us in a really competitive leading position. Thanks again for the question, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from David Lebowitz from Citi. Your line is now live.
David Lebowitz: Thank you very much for taking my question. In terms of Coval for chronic spontaneous urticaria, ultimately, where do you see it fitting? Is this something that would be before moving to biologics such as Zolair and other therapies, but after things like the antihistamines in montelukast, or do you see it more competing directly with the post Zolair crowd?
Pablo Cagnoni: So let me take that question. So look. I think that as you know, most of the patients, more than half the patients fail, not only conventional antihistamines by neck generation antihistamines and high dose antihistamines. And those patients we believe, will benefit from having an oral option to manage their chronic spontaneous reticare. So I think it will be both populations. I think it will be a patient preference to some extent. Some patients will prefer to try another oral like boracitinib before trying a biologic. Other patients, particularly perhaps those with high IgE, which are about half the patients will prefer to try biologic first. Those patients still have a very high failure rate, and they could be treated with over significant alternative after that. So I think we will potentially address both patient populations.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Andrew Barrons from Leerink Partners. Your line is now live.
Andrew Barrons: Thanks, and congrats on the new PovO HS data. I know the placebo patients crossed over in this trial, but what would you have expected the control arm to do based on historical data? Are you guys gonna continue following these patients beyond eighteen weeks? And then you also suggested in the press release that there may be increased activity in naive patients crossing over some placebo. Was this the data that you shared in the presentation in patients that have received a prior biologic over these true naive patients?
Pablo Cagnoni: Morning, Andy. So a couple of points to address your questions. Yes. We will continue to follow the patients. For efficacy and safety to fifty-two weeks. So as you know, we are not gonna provide an update every few weeks, but there will be future updates on the maturity of the data both for efficacy and safety from the two studies. I think we wanted to provide an update now because our study was analyzed at week twelve, which is a little bit earlier than other studies from our competitors. So we wanted to show longer follow-up from both treatment arms and particularly important in this case, the crossover arm, which shows how quickly the placebo patients improve when they are crossed over to povarsitinib. I think that when it comes to naive versus biologic exposed, I think the important point is the overall of the two studies met the primary endpoint both studies in both dose levels. And that is, I think, important to remember. We wanted to give clarity on the post biologic use because we think that, Rube highlighted, is one of the areas where proversitinib could have a very important role for patients. And so the clarity that it worked very well regardless of cryobiology use and regardless of the type of biology. We thought it was an important thing to remind everyone of.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to get an update on one of your pipeline assets, namely the Kellogg compound. You had guided the data for this calendar year. Is that still the plan? And if so, can you just give us a little bit of guidance on what level of data to expect? Thanks.
Pablo Cagnoni: This is Pablo. I think you are asking about the you can call our monoclonal antibody. We promised data in 2025 and we will present data this year. It will be a substantive amount of data. We have doses collation. We are gonna have a range of doses. We are gonna have data need ET and data in myelofibrosis, and we will present clinical endpoints as well as early data on VAF variability infraction burden over time. So I think you should expect a reasonable number of patients with a range of doses that will be presented.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Hey. Great. Thank you. This is Matt on for Salveen. Maybe just to follow-up on that last question. Could you share any more details in terms of how we should assess the kind of curative efficacy potential for CalR. And then kinda just walk us through what is, like, the base case in terms of mono versus a Jacoby combo. And then if I could just on tariffs, it seems like you all are well positioned from a manufacturing perspective. Is there anything you guys can share in terms of where IP is based and how much profit you book in the US? Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: Let me take the first part of the question on KALAR. So I think that the data for a new intervention, in this case, a cholera antibody for patients with E and MF. Obviously, we would like to change the treatment paradigm in this patient. Patients. And over time, we would like to see evidence of disease modification. That could take time, but we would like to see early on there is a decrease in the allele burden in these patients. And that is an important part of the studies. However, the immediate benefit for patients or in the near term will be the classic signs and symptoms of these diseases, blood counts, symptoms etcetera, both in ET and NMF. What we intend to present is a comprehensive data package as addressing both sides of that question, the clinical endpoints as well as early burden reduction. And over time, we expect a sustained and more pronounced effect in this patient's continued treatment with the antibody.
Herve Hoppenot: And on the tariff question, so as I said, I mean, we have manufacturing available for each of the key products in Europe and in the US. So that gives us basically, an opportunity to supply the US market from the US. Therefore, there is no tariff eligibility there. Regarding IPs, the ownership of the patents for our key product is in the US.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Nevin: Hi, everyone. This is Nevin on for Brian. Just a quick question on Aflalura. Was been the contribution to of a top derm and Betelago to one q for Abiloyne? How do you how do you kinda see that moving forward? We have heard from some physicians that to AD continues to be a hurdle. So how how are you currently working to improve from the access to Absolutron AD?
Christiana Stamoulis: Yeah. The two-part question is, Matthew, I will take the first part on the contribution of AD versus Vitiligo. Right now, we see that this split to be pretty constant as both indications are growing at pretty much a similar pace. In terms of access to AD in the future, there are two components of it that we are working on. One is the formal reposition that we have, particularly on the commercial plan. And as Herve mentioned before, as of March first, we had Optum premium moving from Knockover for Obsilura to preferred position, and that brings us not just two out of three major PBMs in their preferred position, but also, as Sergei mentioned, more than ninety percent of patients on commercial plan covered. The other area of work that we are doing and we are receiving initial positive feedback on improvement that AC ACPs and their office staff see on the accessibility to Obserra, is on the patient service that we offer. So we continue to work on both fronts. To make sure that the feedback and the easy to access Obsilura feedback continues to improve in the coming quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan Chase. Your line is now live.
Jessica Fye: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Curious if you could update us on how the company is thinking about capital allocation and business development, Do you wanna see the rest of this year's pipeline readouts play out before making any moves there and with the stock back in the fifties, is another ASR on the table? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: Repeat that. I mean, the big picture on capital allocation is obviously our internal pipeline success and or lack of. So the evolution of the internal pipeline is driving a lot of the way capital is allocated. You can imagine with seven proof of concept events happening. Each of them can lead to a phase three program, and therefore, it would be utilizing a large portion of our R&D budget. So that is the first capital allocation is in our R&D. In terms of external business development, we spoke about it. We would be like we have done recently with Genesis, looking at research partnership or very early products where we have an interest on the scientific side, like preclinical or very early clinical sort of a partnership, and we continue to look for that. And regarding future strategies in term of share repurchase, I cannot comment on that.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of follow-ups just on some of the earlier topics. On the CalR update, would you expect to be able to talk about kinda next steps and whether you think there is a pivotal path forward yet, or is it the state likely to maybe not quite be that level of maturity? And then on the updated the HS data, just the potentially better efficacy in the IL seventeen experience patients is obviously provocative. Any ideas as to how you can kind of perspectively identify these patients that may do very well on a JAK relative to an IL seventeen to maybe help them avoid months of what might be ineffective IL seventeen therapy.
Pablo Cagnoni: Hi, Marc. This is Pablo. On Callar, we will certainly discuss next steps when we present the data. We always try to do that. That is why we wait to have a reasonable number of patients and some follow-ups so we can tell you what we are planning to do next. So you should expect the conversation on that to happen when we disclose the caller data. On your the second part or your second question, you know, it is hard to tell at this point. I think that we will look more depth at the data that we have, which are two large positive phase three studies to see if we can identify any specific baseline characteristics that predict for better results. But it is gonna be hard to figure it out ahead of time which patients are more likely to respond to an seventeen, that to a JAK inhibitor. I think Herve highlighted very clearly where do we think that patients are more likely to benefit or to use JAK inhibitor from the start of therapy. And in a proportion of patients that will happen after now, seventeen or after onto TNF. But it is gonna be hard to identify those patients ahead of time.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Following up on the immune Kellar question. We actually had a similar one for the JAC two b six one seven f I program. Just wanted to see what level of update we can expect this year for that program and also kind of what you might be able to communicate on next steps there once we have that dataset. And then secondly, guess revisiting RUX XR, just wanted to get an update on where that program stands what next steps are in. How you would do that moving forward. You know, assuming you know, positive update from the FDA there. Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: So on six one seven f, that program is if you remember, is behind the mutant color antibody program because we started in healthy volunteers. We had to do some work on the formulation. So it started to be tested in patients later than the mutant color antibody. So the update that we provide, which we intend to do this year, may be a smaller number of patients than the mutant caller antibody. We are still gonna discuss for the next steps out of that time, but the extent of the update could be more limited. Let me hand it over to Steven to talk about where we are with the Rock six r program.
Steven Stein: Yeah. Thanks. On the extended release, as we communicated earlier this year, the key component that we had to achieve was to meet bioequivalence, which we did and we have in writing from the regulators that that was achieved. What follows is to lay down stability and complete that towards the end of this year and then immediately file that response towards the end of this year. It is a response to a CRL that timeline clock on that from a regulatory point of view is six months. So we expect approval for XR should that all go well by the middle of next year. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Alex: Hi. This is Alex on for Kripa. In reference to the slide of the HS market, with the forty-six thousand eligible patients that can be treated by povo, is that a snapshot of the current market and when we think about penetration into the different segments there, is it equal penetration that you see Pogo going into for all those three different segments. Or does some stand out more than others? And how do you see the landscape evolving? In the future?
Herve Hoppenot: Yeah. I mean, and Matteo can complete the report. The way the slide was was really to give you a picture of 2027. So it is when Pogo will be launching, and the idea is to show that, in fact, there are three different segments that are part of where Pogo could fit and would be competing. One of them, the first one, is for patients who do not want to get injection for many reasons, but and that is not a nothing. It is around ten to fifteen percent of newly diagnosed patients who are moving to systemic therapy today. We have some research on that. So that is the top line that is the top segment. It will start at around this ten to fifteen percent, which is three thousand patients. And, obviously, as the other piece, which is the dark blue in the graph, is evolving, is a place where newly started patients who are eligible to biologics, and that is where basically, the competition will be between starting with a biologics versus starting with Povo. And I think that will take time. So at the beginning, we will be dealing with patients who are not eligible for injectable therapy and a lot of patients who are basically coming out of the pool of existing biologic treated patients. And what I wanted to say with this slide is that that number is in fact the largest of the three. And that is a place where, as you have seen the data from Pablo was speaking about on the prior biology exposed patients, we think the first pool of patients treated with Povo will be there. In addition to the three thousand early patients. So the light blue. And then over time, the dark blue, which is the newly studied patient on systemic therapy, will be evolving to oral treatment when people are comfortable with the profile of Pro. So that is what we are trying to say, that there is a market with biologics post patient. There is a small segment who do not want to receive injectable and then over time, we will be gaining share in the third segment, which is the newly treated patient.
Matteo Trotta: I can complement on a couple of comments on the evolution of the landscape. As Herve said, we are already seeing now 2024 and beginning of 2025 quite a dramatic increase in the journal patients that go from r seventeen to d and f and vice versa. And we see that continuing to grow all the way to 2027 when we expect to come with Volvo and beyond. And that is actually the segment in terms of penetration that we see the highest unmet need from the very beginning. So we are very confident in the market growth that we see from the last four POBO.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Madeline: Great. This is Madeline on for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. Related to Povo and CSU, how does the efficacy profile you are seeing compare to the profile with MRGPRX two inhibition? And does the positive data with Covo change your view on the potential to develop backup x two antagonist programs? Thanks.
Pablo Cagnoni: So we will discuss how the data compares with the datasets once we show the data later this year. I think that related to the x two program, we have no intention on restarting this program. We are very happy with the results of both and CSU. Think this proof of concept is very important for proven for patients with CSU, and we intend to advance to pivotal studies. We will talk about the details of the data later this year.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ash Verma from UBS. Your line is now live.
Ash Verma: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So I had a question on Manju. We just found these phase three in the first line and relapsed refractory DLBCL. Would the be in the front, mind studies. Just if you can share what are your expectations, here in these studies in terms of, the efficacy that would be great. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Yeah. Thank you. It is Steven. So, you know, TAP has now, obviously, as positive data in relapse refractory diffuse large b cell lymphoma and that indication is approved. And then more recently at ASH last year, the in line study in follicular lymphoma with really outstanding efficacy in terms of, you know, hazard ratios. Etcetera, and now waiting for the first line study to report out. It is event driven. It is a large study. And, you know, we have got it to having data potentially in the first half of this year as soon as we have sufficient events. Should that be positive, you know, we have been moved very rapidly to complete a submission package and get it across the finish line. But we really like the way the c d nineteen antibody is shaping now as it moves sort of forward in, as I said, in relapse refractory follicular now potentially in first line and with more and more evidence accumulating that CD nineteen expression is not affected by treatment with this antibody, it is maintained, and so people can, for example, use CAR T directed against CD nineteen off the therapy. So it is a profile that we are becoming, you know, increasingly encouraged by. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from James Shin from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
James Shin: Good morning, guys. Thank you for the question. Maybe one for Steve and Pablo. For the week eighteen COBRA sit in the update, it looks like about half of the placebo patients crossed over. Did these crossover patients experience rapid pain reduction from the week like, we saw in week twelve? And if I recall, around thirty-six to thirty-seven percent of the placebo patients were biologic exposed. Can you give us a breakout of pre and post biologic for these placebo crossovers? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yeah. No. Thank you. It is Steven. I will take that question. Pablo, may I add comments to what he had in his prepared remarks. We thought this was a really important update to reiterate what Pablo said. To demonstrate drug effect. Because, you know, once you have that twenty-eight, twenty-nine percent placebo rate at week twelve and then introduce those patients to either the forty-five or the seventy-five. You can see in six weeks, you know, this dramatic twenty to thirty plus percent absolute improvement in his car rates and that really demonstrates the drug effect of placebo versus active drug there. So that is really, really encouraging. What is more is because of the market breakdown that Herve illustrated, you know, in the different eligible potentially eligible populations, whether it is naive or biologic exposed, again, we thought it was important to illustrate the data in biologic exposed patients both to TNF alpha inhibitors, IL-seventeen, potentially to both, and, again, demonstrate their, you know, really encouraging and potentially even better activity in those populations as demonstrated by the data. You are absolutely right about one third, thirty-five percent to forty percent of patients on the whole of biologic exposed to the majority of the population sixty percent plus is naive. That is an important population to study. It was really important for Europe in terms of getting reimbursement there as well. So we the breakdown in the naive versus experienced, we did not tease out directly, but you can indirectly work it out. And, again, the activity is shown across the board. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Salim Syed from Mizuho Securities. Your line is now live.
Salim Syed: Hey, Great. Thanks for the question, guys. Just maybe one for me on Nick Timbo, actually. So pretty good beat this quarter. Just curious if you can maybe comment on just some of the dynamics with the fourteen million dollars of sales. Was there anything there that we should just be aware of and then kinda related to that, with the j cut going effective for one twenty-five, how much of a tailwind has that been kind of through the through the month of April? Thank you.
Mohammed: Hi, Saleem. Mohammed here again. Thank you for the question. Yeah. Look. So let me just start by saying we are very pleased with the launch performance so far. Our team has done a really effective job of driving broad and productive utilization of Nkimbo. As you heard earlier in the prepared remarks, ninety-five percent of our top accounts are using Nikkymbo. Seventy percent of all target accounts are already using Neximbo. And from a one-time perspective, there is not really much there. We are seeing that penetration and productivity continue. As you would expect, Niximbo, this early on is used primarily in that fourth line plus patient. And there is obviously a bolus of patients with an urgent need for these treatment options. I think that is where you are seeing the TYMLOS rapid uptake really take hold. The great news though is that these patients are seeing a rapid response that is very favorable, which is going to naturally encourage providers to use Neximbo earlier in treatment. And then the last thing maybe I touch on from a one-time perspective as you know, we have a generous EAP program. In the first quarter, only fifty percent of those patients moved on to paid drug and the other fifty percent or so will come in Q2. And then, you know, as you would expect when new product is launched, there is certainly an inventory dynamic that you see in Q1. So about, you know, a third of our sales in Q1 is also coming from some inventory build, but we expect that to be stable for the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Gavin Clark-Gartner from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Hey, guys. I just wanted to quickly follow-up on the TAFSA first line phase three DLBCL trial. I believe on the slides, you noted the data got moved to the second half of this year. I think, Steven, you may have noted data was still in the first half potentially. I just wanted to confirm the latest guidance and also clarify if a zero point seven three hazard ratio from Pilebe's trial is a reasonable benchmark. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yeah, Gavin. It is Steven. And it is always tricky with event-driven studies to be precise as you know and when data will ultimately come, especially when it spans, you know, a quarter change. But you can read in the marks, you know, from my remarks that we expected. Sometime soon, we are getting close to the required events. To trigger the analysis. What will then follow is database closure, cleaning, know, independent review of radiology, etcetera. So it may track a little later we see, and that could be a positive thing if those obviously delay of events is due to activity. You know, I think the policy effect in first line diffuse large b cell lymphoma is probably in the ballpark of a reasonable benchmark because it is the similar population of the more severe people with this disease, so the IPI higher scores in terms of prognostic index. And it was just to remind everyone, you know, the first positive study increasing cure rates in first line diffuse large b cell lymphoma in a long time obviously, with the CD seventy-nine mechanism, we are really interested now in dual inhibition of nineteen and twenty, we have shown data just to be repetitive in relapse refractory follicular, and now we will see what the first line data shows. You know, we will announce because of the materiality of this data, you know, as soon as we have it available and we are waiting those events. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Oh, hey. Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on all the progress. For your CDK2 inhibitor, what are the key data points we should be looking out for in your ASCO update and what are the gating factors to starting the phase three study in ovarian cancer? And especially if you could talk about the companion diagnostic and how that is progressing. Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: So thank you for the question. So what you will see at ASCO is an incremental update. Into you remember we presented a very comprehensive dataset at this small ass year, and ASCO will provide a little bit more data, more follow-up in some of those patients. I think more importantly, to the second part of your question is, we are in process of implementing the pivotal trials in platinum and resistant ovarian cancer. So that is moving forward. Are moving forward with the diagnostic as well. That is advancing very well. And we are conducting a combination phase one study combination with bevacizumab, which is necessary to launch the platinum sensor ovarian cancer stiso. All those things are moving forward as we speak.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Kelly Shi from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Clara: Good morning. Is Clara on Berkley. Congrats on the update in the initial launch performance of the PINGO. So for PINGO, I wanted to give you particular share some key solutions, feedback, whether you are seeing more rather off experienced patients or rather off naive patients at the septumab and how you would how you expect this kind of MS to evolve over time. Yeah. So apologies if I missed it. But what is the timeline for follow-up shots calculator submission?
Mohammed: Yeah. So The question was about Resiroq and where it is used on the launch. Thank you, Claire, for the question. Let me take the next envelope piece, and then I will pass the timeline for Povo HS. To Pablo and Steven. As I mentioned, know, Nick Timbo when introduced in such an unmet need of that currently exists, we are currently seeing it used in you are really primarily in the fourth line plus patients. As you would expect, there is a bolus of patients with GVHD late stage that have an urgent need for a new treatment option, and that is where I think McTymbo will make an impact as soon as it gets introduced. Like I also mentioned, the great news though is that we are seeing these later stage patients respond very favorably. Customer feedback has been very positive. With some sharing that they are seeing Neximbo really demonstrate its rapid and broad efficacy profile. That was seen in clinical trials in practice. And that will naturally move Nick Tembo earlier line Nictembo, you know, if our perspective, has a key differentiator, which is the mechanism of action, which is completely different than other approved agents making Neximbo, I think, a great addition an option to be used right after Jackify in the third line. So whether it is, you know, in the third line, now versus Resiroc or or or not, I think it is soon to be told, but we are really optimistic about the competitive profile and the customer feedback so far. And again, we are really optimistic about it being used earlier in line once providers and patients get more experience with it.
Steven Stein: Yeah. And, Kelly, in terms of the timeline for the HS submission, obviously, you know, you have seen the efficacy data and the safety profile through week twelve and now through week eighteen very clean. The key component of this is negotiating with the regulators as to how much of the safety they will require the time of initial submission versus the ability to supplement that as at the four-month safety update. So our guidance has not changed. We want to do it as quickly as possible. Towards the end of this year, tracking potentially into early 2026 at the moment. And we will provide more precision on that when we have more precision. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Imogen: Hi. This is Imogen on for Eric. Good morning, everyone. Two questions from me. A quick one on axotilumab. Could you comment on that fourteen million of what proportion of that is inventory? It looks like a really strong launch, so congrats. And then one question on Pogo and the HS and the longer-term data after week twelve. Could you talk about how the dropouts were treated in that later section? And whether patients who took rescue medications like antibiotics in the week twelve control period were then kind of added back in because I think that was part of the nonresponder criteria. Thanks.
Mohammed: Hi. Mujim Mohammed here. Thanks for the question on Nitembo. In just the first couple of months, we are seeing about twenty percent to thirty percent of the sales so far is really made up of inventory, but as I mentioned, multiple accounts have already reordered, and that inventory level continues to be stable. So that is what I would expect for the rest of the year.
Steven Stein: And then, Imogen, thank you. On the long-term data, it is really interesting. So we obviously had a very conservative approach in terms of the analysis and the nonresponding imputation. And that anybody who discontinued for whatever reason was considered a nonresponder. Furthermore, modified approach, which some other competitors are using. We will analyze both and at some point in time provide both. We expect the modified NRI actually to have slightly better numbers. Than the conservative approach we use. So thank you for that question. It is an important one.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Malcolm Hoffman: Hi. Malcolm Hoffman on for Evan. Thanks for taking our question. For Opselura, you noted a slight reduction in inventory, which maybe dampened sales. Could you quantify the impact any further? And then also, can you provide any additional commentary on how you have seen tube usage in the US progress? I know at the start of the launch, this is highlighted as an expansion opportunity. Do you guys still think we could see more tube usage per patient over time? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Malcolm, miss Cristiano. Let me take the first part of the question regarding Obselura and the inventory. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in the U.S., the net revenue growth was 20% with the paid demand growth 24%. The difference came from the reduction in inventory. The reduction in inventory was mainly because in given where the end of the year holiday happened took place this year, which was in the middle of the week. Call sellers bought before that. So it impacted Q4. And we saw that that inventory level coming back down in Q1 of the year. As I mentioned, we look at the current inventory levels as within normal range and expect to continue to be pretty stable at those levels.
Matteo Trotta: And I will comment on the tube usage over time and what we expect. We expect increased utilization overall in both indications. I think it is driven by two dynamics, our continued subscription growth, which includes, obviously, additional communications over time in both indications, as well as the usage of the tubes across the extensive patient population that we have built so far. And then to continue to close with that is the feedback that we continue to get from on the patient side, highest level of patient satisfaction of people that have Obserra. And on the ACP side, we continue to see the willingness to utilize it more in the coming future. So when we put everything together, we expect higher utilization in the coming quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Oh, hey. Thanks guys for taking the follow-up. Just another one on poracitinib. This there is continued increase in high score fifty, you know, out to week eighteen. Obviously, it looks very, very interesting. Did you observe a similar trajectory also for the high score seventy-five outcomes? And the other question I had is just on your KRAS t twelve d inhibitor where I know you have guided to POC data later this year. Just wondering how you think about differentiation and the competitive landscape there. Given we have seen some data recently at AACR. Thanks for taking the follow-ups.
Steven Stein: So, Michael, I will start on the perva HS question through the updated data through week eighteen. Obvious we just showed for efficiency reasons the Hiscar fifty because that was the primary endpoint and it is you know, we wanted to demonstrate that over time. We absolutely will have the others as well. Hiscar seventy-five, etcetera. And the trend, I can say is similar. To your question. I will hand it over to Pablo for your twelve d question.
Pablo Cagnoni: So, Michael, thank you for the question. As you know, KRAS inhibition continues to get increasingly competitive. I mean, I think there were fifty-seven posters and presentations at AACR and new data continues to be presented. We are very happy with the profile of our g twelve d inhibitor. That study is advanced very well, and we will have data to discuss with you later this year. I think at that point, we are optimistic that our profile is gonna be very competitive. We are advancing only single agent, but we are starting combinations as well. So we will have a broader conversation when we have the data, but so far, we are very with the progress of that program, and we think we are gonna have a very competitive profile.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question and answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. We will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-10 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Fourth Quarter 2024 and Full Year Financial and Corporate Update Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ben Strain, Associate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ben.
Ben Strain: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter and full-year 2024 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of our website to find the press release, related financial tables and slides that follow today's discussion. On today's call, I'm joined by Herve, Pablo, Christiana, who will deliver the prepared remarks. Matteo and Steven will also be available for Q&A. I would like to point out that we'll be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in SEC filings for additional detail. I will now hand the call over to Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. So we delivered another strong year with 2024 total revenues growing 15% versus 2023 to reach $4.2 billion, continuing the steady growth we have delivered since 2020. In addition to the consistent performance of Jakafi in 2024, we saw strong growth from our non-Jakafi revenue, primarily driven by Opzelura, highlighting our continuing revenue diversification. Moving to Slide 6. 2024, Jakafi net sales were $2.8 billion, growing 8% versus the prior year, with growth coming from all indications. Opzelura saw strong continued momentum in 2024, growing 50% to $508 million, driven by both new patients and refills in [indiscernible] and vitiligo in the US, and expanding reimbursement outside the US. We expect Opzelura to continue to be a key contributor to growth in the next year. Our cashflow remains strong, which allowed us to complete the $2 billion share repurchase during 2024, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. We ended 2024 with $2.2 billion in cash and no debt. We are in a very strong financial position with growing revenues and a robust pipeline that will deliver a number of very exciting readouts in 2025. Last month, we and our partners Syndax announced that the FDA approved Niktimvo in 9 milligram and 22 milligram vials sizes, paving the way for the commercial launch. This medicine is now available in the US and the commercial launch is underway. Niktimvo is the first anti-CSF-1R antibody approved to target inflammation and fibrosis associated with chronic GVHD. And we are excited to bring this new therapy to the approximately 6,000 patients who are currently treated after second-line therapy in the U.S. In addition to the launch of Niktimvo, the sNDA for ruxolitinib cream in pediatric atopic dermatitis was filed with the FDA, and we are on track for potential approval in the second half of 2025. With 2 million to 3 million pediatric patients in the US suffering from atopic dermatitis, we see significant opportunity for ruxolitinib cream with its compelling efficacy in controlling itch to address an important need for this patient population. We submitted pivotal study results to the FDA for both tafasitamab in follicular lymphoma and ratifamlimab in squamous cell anal carcinoma and anticipate approvals for both in the second half of 2025. These product launches are expected to begin contributing to revenue in the near term with the potential to collectively generate $1 billion in incremental revenues by 2029, further diversifying our revenue. We anticipate all four products to be available in 2025, and we will be leveraging our existing commercial infrastructure established for Jakafi, Opzelura, Monjuvi, and Pemazyre to support the launches of these new products or indications. Moving to Slide 9, an update of the fourth quarter and full year 2024 commercial performance for Jakafi. In the fourth quarter, Jakafi net product revenue grew 11% year-over-year to $773 million and grew 8% for the full year to $2.8 billion. Total patients increased 10% in Q4 when compared to the same quarter in 2023. Importantly, growth is being seen across all indications, but with particular strengths in PV, with this indication now accounting for 35% of the patients on Jakafi. We expect continued growth of Jakafi in 2025 and expect the full year net product revenue for 2025 to be in the range of $2.925 to $2.975 billion. Turning to Slide 10, and looking at Jakafi total paid demand by indication during 2022, 2023, and 2024. As you can see, unit growth remains robust. Myelofibrosis showed growth again this quarter, while the most significant growth was seen in polycythemia vera. We expect PV to become the largest contributor for Jakafi over time, supported by the data from the MAJIC PV study which underscores the benefit of early intervention with Jakafi and its impact on thrombosis free survival. Moving to Opzelura on Slide 11. Opzelura net product revenue in the fourth quarter was $162 million, up 48% when compared to the same quarter last year. And this was comprised of $138 million in the US, driven by growth in AD and Vitiligo, new patients and refills, and $24 million ex-US, driven by growth in Germany and France. Total 2024 full year net revenue grew 50% versus 2023 to reach $508 million. In the US, the annual prescription trends for 2022, 2023 and 2024, as shown on the right of Slide 11, reflects continued year-over-year growth of Opzelura from both atopic dermatitis and Vitiligo. We anticipate continued growth of Opzelura in 2025 and expect the full year net product revenue to be in the range of $630 million to $670 million. On Slide 12, so 2025 will be a year of defining catalysts that will provide an inflection point for Incyte. As you can see highlighted on Slide 12, every program has meaningful milestones expected in 2025. This includes four potential launches, collectively providing important near-term revenue potential, where the launch of Niktimvo is already underway, as I just highlighted. Additionally, we plan to initiate at least three Phase 3 studies, including our BET inhibitor, rux cream in mild to moderate HS, and our CDK2 inhibitor in ovarian cancer. We expect 2025 will be a data-rich year with four pivotal data readouts including ruxolitinib XR, which Pablo will highlight shortly. More importantly, we expect seven early-stage programs to generate informative data, which we believe have the potential to transform the company. Before I hand the call over to Pablo, I would like to provide a leadership update for our commercial organization. After a remarkable decade of dedicated service to Incyte, Barry Flannelly has decided to retire from his role as Executive Vice President, Head of U.S. Oncology. We are pleased to announce that Mohamed Issa assumed Barry's role in January, and Mohamed has successfully led U.S. Commercial teams in oncology, immunology, and neuroscience, most recently at J&J. I will now turn the call over to Pablo.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Herve, and good morning. As we highlighted a year ago, and we summarize on this slide, we remain on track to deliver more than 10 high-impact launches by 2030 from programs across the portfolio. On Slide 15, I would like to quickly highlight some of the key accomplishments during 2024, and I will then cover some of the milestones expected in 2025. We had a number of important regulatory achievements in 2024, including the approval of Niktimvo for third line plus chronic graft-versus-host disease and three submissions to the FDA with expected approvals later this year, including Opzelura in pediatric atopic dermatitis, retifanlimab in SCAC, and tafasitamab in relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma. We disclosed data from our CDK2 inhibitor and BET inhibitor programs and provided pivotal study plans for both, which we anticipate initiating this year. We continued to evolve at R&D focus with intent of increasing the rigor of our decision making, accelerating the progression of our pipeline, and optimizing our resource allocation. Through the fourth quarter of 2024, we presented data at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting, or ASH, from both our BET inhibitor program and Phase 3 results for tafasitamab in patients with relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma. The Phase 3 results of tafasitamab in follicular lymphoma were presented at a late breaking session and showed that the study met its primary endpoint by demonstrating a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in progression-free survival. This was, to our knowledge, the first study to validate the combination of an anti-CD19 with an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibodies in patients with follicular lymphoma. Tafasitamab was generally well tolerated and safety was consistent with its known safety profile. This data has been submitted to the FDA and approval is expected in the second half of 2025. For our BET inhibitor, we shared additional data from the ongoing dose escalation study as both monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib. This result showed reductions in spleen volume as well as improvement in both symptoms and hemoglobin. As highlighted on this slide, we plan to advance this program into Phase 3 development as a monotherapy in the post-JAK population, and we look forward to providing additional details later this year. Moving to Slide 18, we are continuing to execute a broad development plan for Povorcitinib, our oral small molecule highly selective JAK-1 inhibitor. Povorcitinib is currently being evaluated in Phase 3 studies in hidradenitis suppurativa, vitiligo, and prurigo nodularis, and in randomized Phase 2 proof-of-concept studies in chronic spontaneous urticaria and asthma with data for both expected in 2025. Povorcitinib has already shown encouraging efficacy and safety in a randomized Phase 2 study in patients with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa, a highly painful inflammatory condition. As highlighted on this right side of the Slide 19, Povorcitinib showed significant responses by week 12, including improvements in high score 50, 90, and 100. Additionally, Povorcitinib demonstrated a rapid and significant reduction in pain, offering the potential to transform the current standard of care for this disease. The two Phase 3 studies, STOP-HS1 and STOP-HS2 are fully enrolled, and we expect to have Phase 3 data in the first half of this year. Turning to the mutant CALR antibody program on Slide 20. The publication detailing our mutant CALR monoclonal antibody was recently featured on the cover of Blood, highlighting the importance of this innovative medicine. This antibody was developed entirely by Incyte, and unlike Jakafi, the mutant CALR antibody has the potential to eliminate the mutant clone and normalize hematopoiesis in patients with CALR mutated essential thrombocythemia or myelofibrosis, potentially leading to a functional cure. We look forward to sharing data from the ongoing proof-of-concept studies in both ET and MF later this year. Turn to Slide 21 and ruxolitinib XR. We're pleased to announce that a bioequivalence study of ruxolitinib 55 milligrams extended release demonstrated the once-a-day formulation to be bioequivalent to twice-a-day ruxolitinib. Bioequivalence was achieved for both AUC and Cmin, and the geometric means ratios falling within the 80% to 125% bioequivalence reference range. We have reviewed this data with the FDA and with their agreement, plan to submit for approval by the end of the year once stability studies are completed. As mentioned, 2025 will be an important year for Incyte, with over 18 key milestones, including four new product launches, four pivotal trial readouts, at least three Phase 3 study initiations, and seven proof-of-concept study results. As you can see on Slide 22, we have already achieved two of these milestones that we first highlighted just last month with the launch of Niktimvo and bioequivalence data for ruxolitinib extended release. We look forward to sharing additional updates on this milestones over the course of 2025. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you Pablo, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter 2024 results reflect a strong commercial execution and continued growth with total revenues of $1.2 billion, up 16% versus the same period last year. Total product revenues of $1 billion in Q4 were driven by strong demand growth for Jakafi and Opzelura and increased revenue contribution from Monjuvi as a result of the acquisition of full rights to tafasitamab in 2024. Total royalty revenues were $159 million, up 6% compared to Q4 2023 driven by increased demand for Jakafi. Turning to Jakafi on Slide 26. Jakafi net product revenue was driven by strong patient demand growth across all indications. In the fourth quarter of 2024, net product revenue increased 11% year-over-year, driven by a 9% increase in total demand and a 14% increase in paid demand. For the full year 2024 net product revenue increased 8% versus 2023, driven by a 7% increase in total demand and a 9% increase in paid demand. Recall that in Q3 and Q4 2023, we saw a significant increase in the number of Medicare Part D patients receiving free product. As we anticipated, these patients returned to paid demand in 2024. As a result, year-over-year, paid demand growth exceeded total demand growth in both the fourth quarter and full year 2024. Turning now to Opzelura on Slide 27, total net product revenue for the fourth quarter was $162 million, representing a 48% increase year-over-year, driven by growth in new patient starts and refills across both AD and vitiligo in the US, as well as continued contribution from the commercialization of Opzelura for vitiligo in Europe. In the fourth quarter, ex-US Opzelura net product revenue was $24 million. For the full year, net product revenue was $508 million, representing a 50% increase year-over-year, and ex-US net product revenue was $61 million. Moving on to Slide 28 and our operating expenses, total GAAP R&D expenses for the fourth quarter were $466 million, an increase of 5% compared to the same period in 2023, due to continued investment in our late-stage development assets and timing of certain expenses. For the full year 2024, ongoing R&D expenses, excluding the Escient acquisition upfront consideration and other one-time expenses increased 14% year-over-year as a result of increased investment in our late stage programs. As we wrap up the clinical developments of certain of these programs, as well as the development activities of discontinued programs, we anticipate the reduction in investment in those programs to partially offset the increased investment in other programs, which would allow us to control future R&D expense growth. Moving to SG&A, total GAAP SG&A expenses were $327 million for the fourth quarter, representing an 11% year-over-year increase, primarily as a result of Incyte now recording Monjuvi-related sales and marketing expenses in the US following the acquisition of global rights to the program in 2024, as well as the timing of consumer marketing activities and certain other expenses. For the full year 2024, total GAAP SG&A expenses increased 7% year-over-year as a result of us now recording Monjuvi related sales and marketing expenses, and investment in the launch of Opzelura in Europe and the preparation for new product launches in the US. Finally, total ongoing R&D and SG&A expense for the full year increased 10% versus a 15% increase in total revenues, leading to an increase in operating leverage and margins. Moving on to 2025, I will now discuss the key components of our guidance on a GAAP basis. For Jakafi, we expect net product revenue to be in the range of $2.925 to $2.975 billion, well on track to achieve our long-term guidance of over $3 billion by 2028. We expect net product revenue growth to be driven exclusively by continued demand growth, primarily in PV, and be partially offset by lower net pricing as a result of IRA-imposed price increase caps and continued growth in 340B volumes. As in previous years, we expect the growth to net adjustment to be higher in the first quarter of the year relative to the previous quarter and subsequent quarters due to higher deductibles that are primarily impacting Q1. For Opzelura, we expect total net product revenue to be in the range of $630 million to $670 million, driven by continued demand growth in AD and vitiligo in the US, initial contribution from the potential launch of Opzelura for pediatric AD expected in the second half of the year, and increased contribution from Opzelura for vitiligo in Europe. In the first quarter of the year, we expect to see again the effects of typical Q1 dynamics on net sales due to planned deductibles resetting at the beginning of the year and the impact of holidays, medical conferences, and other events on dermatology product sales. As a result, Q1 Opzelura net product revenue is expected to be below the previous quarter, consistent with what we saw in 2024. For other oncology products, we expect total net product revenues to be in the range of $415 million to $455 million. These include contributions from both the current approved indications for Iclusig, Miktimvo, Monjuvi/Minjuv, Pemazyre, and Zynyz, as well as the launches of Monjuvi in FL and Zynyz in SCAC anticipated in the second half of 2025. Turning to operating expenses on a GAAP basis, we expect COGS to range from 8.5% to 9% of net product revenues. The increase in the COGS rate is driven by certain manufacturing related expenses and the impact of our profit share agreement with Syndax for Niktimvo in the US, as Syndax's portion of the profit share will be reflected in COGS. R&D expenses are expected to be in the range of $1.93 billion to $1.96 billion, primarily driven by the progression of our pipeline. We expect SG&A expenses for the year to be in the range of $1.28 billion to $1.31 billion. Operator, that concludes our preparing remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thanks for taking our question. This is Paul on for Michael. We have two on the pipeline. First, on Opzelura. Can you set some expectations for the upcoming Phase 3 in prurigo nodularis? What's the clinical bar here given there's no topical therapies available? And then secondly, just on the CDK2 program, are there any plans to provide another clinical update on the Phase 1 ovarian cancer study perhaps with longer follow-up at the expansion dose levels? And what are the gating factors to formalizing a pivotal study dose selection? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: Good morning. Thank you for the questions. Let me take the second one real quick. For the CDK2 program, as we discussed earlier this year, we plan to initiate pivotal trials this year. And as we discussed, that will be in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. We've taken a dual approach there with a single-arm study for what we hope will be accelerated approval in the US, as well as a randomized trial that we will provide more details over the course of the year. So that program is advancing rapidly and we will provide an update later this year as you -- as you asked.
Michael Schmidt: And the second part of the question in terms of rux cream in prurigo nodularis, as you know, the Phase 3 data are coming in this half.
Herve Hoppenot: And I think what -- in terms of setting the bar, when you look at the Phase 2 data and the improvement both on the global assessment of itching, as well as the [WNRS] (ph) endpoint, we think that if we are anywhere in the [indiscernible] Phase 2 trial showed, this is going to be a very important addition to [indiscernible] for patients with prurigo nodularis. The availability of a topical for patients that have perhaps less severe disease than those that may require systemic medicine such as Povorcitinib, we think it's going to be very important. So we want to be somewhere -- and as we all know from the extensive safety track-record of rux cream, it's a very, very well-tolerated medicine. So if we are anywhere near what the Phase 2 results showed, I think we're going to be -- it's going to be very important contribution for patients.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi guys, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. As it relates to Opzelura, can you give us a sense of how you got to guidance for this calendar year? Specifically, how are you thinking about the number of tubes that are going to be used for the two approved indications? And then maybe one question on [indiscernible] for the HS data that's due in the first-half of this year. What would you consider to be not only statistically significant, but also clinically meaningful data? Thanks.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Tazeen, it's Christiana. Regarding the Opzelura guidance, first of all, when you look at the guidance range that we provided the $630 million to $670 million for the year, it represents 24% to 32% year-over-year growth. And as we indicated in our prepared remarks, this is driven by continued demand growth in AD and vitiligo and also reflects the potential launch of Opzelura in pediatric AD in the second-half, a contribution in that -- from that indication and continued increased contribution from Europe. The range that we provided primarily reflects variations in the patient mix as well as in the level of patient activation rate and adherence in vitiligo and the level of contribution from Europe. In terms of the tubes, the level of tubes that especially around the vitiligo is reflected in the level of patient activation rate and adherence. We are seeing an increase in the average number of patients that are sticking with therapy and therefore refill their prescription and also in the average number of prescriptions per patient. But as we have commented in the past, this is an area that is evolving and we expect to continue to evolve as we pursue additional initiatives to help patients -- educate patients and help them appropriately use vitiligo -- Opzelura for vitiligo and that is reflected in the guidance range that we have provided. Finally, the other thing again to keep in mind, as you think about the guidance and how do you distribute it through the course of the year? Q1, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, always tends to be lower than the previous quarter and the subsequent quarters. We saw that in 2023. We saw it in 2024 when we expect to see the same dynamics in 2025.
Herve Hoppenot: And let me take the second part of the question. Look, the first and most important thing is obviously to have a positive study or two positive studies. And that, as you know, means statistical significance for the primary endpoint, which in this case is high score 50 at week-12 in the two hidradenitis suppurativa studies for povo. Now beyond that, I think that when one looks at the Phase 2 results with the Povorcitinib study and you look at the totality of the data and that is effect on high score 50, 75, 90 and 100 as well as the strong effect on pain improvement that the study showed, together with the safety profile when the Phase 2 was very clean. In that study, there were no thrombotic events in the high dose povo arm. There were no patients that discontinued due to adverse events in the povo arm. So I think that the profile that we've seen in Phase 2 and we realize there's always a little bit of contraction in Phase 3, a little bit of a -- the results can change a little bit, but we believe the overall profile that we saw in Phase 2. If we are somewhere in the vicinity of replicating those results in the Phase 3 studies. We think we have a very competitive profile with Povorcitinib in hidradenitis suppurativa.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from David Lebowitz from Citi. Your line is now live.
David Lebowitz: Thank you very much for taking my question. Given the IRA out-of-pocket has moved to its go-forward levels at $2,000 per year, can you run us through what the process is that a patient must go through to actually ensure that the cap is put in-place? What steps do they need to take and how long do you think it might be until the benefit of that starts showing up in sales?
Christiana Stamoulis: So the cap for the out-of-pocket this year is reduced to $2,000 a year. Patients do have an option to have this spread through the course of the year in equal payments. There is a process that they would have to go through. We expect that it would take some time for them to figure out that process. So we may not see the immediate benefit right away, although we expect to see a continued benefit from the lower out-of-pocket as we saw in 2024.
David Lebowitz: Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Jessica Fye: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple on povo in HS. So I think north of 60% of the patients in your Phase 3 trials are biologic naive. Are you going to seek a label that includes biologic naive patients or do you expect it will be labeled for post-biologic patients? And then within the trials, are you powered for both the biologic naive and experienced subgroups? And is there anything you can say about the powering assumptions there?
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, Jess. So as you point out, we haven't disclosed a specific percentage, but roughly directionally that's correct in terms of biologics naive and biologically exposed patients. Prior exposure to biologics, there's a stratification criteria in the Phase 3 trials. We expect to analyze the data-based on prior exposure to biologics. I'm not going to comment on the full powering. Obviously, the studies are powered on the basis of assumptions around the primary endpoint and the key secondary endpoints for the study. So we'll discuss the results in more detail. And obviously, in terms of labeling discussions, we'll see what the data looks like and we'll discuss with FDA at the right time.
Jessica Fye: Hey, Pablo, can I follow-up on one of the responses to? I think it was Tazeen question. When you said, if you show something that's close to what you showed in Phase 2, that would be super competitive, because I think the Phase 2 deltas on high score 50 differed a little bit if you look at the 16 week versus the 12 week time point. And I think in Phase 3, it's a 12 week. So when you say close to Phase 2, do you mean close to the 12 week cut of Phase 2 or close to the 16 week?
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, you're correct. So if you remember, the placebo subtracted high score 50 a week 12 is 28% and at week 16 is 17% in the Phase-2 studies. That's I think what you're referring to. Look, we selected week 12. It's a key -- one of the key difference, I think when you look at the povo data, not just in HS, but also in PN, for example, is how quickly it works. And that is very important for patients with painful or intensely prodigious diseases like HS and PN. So that's the importance of the week 12. My comment was referring roughly to replicating the profile that we saw in Phase 2. I don't want to set a number. We're running the Phase 3 studies to have clarity on what the actual benefit of Povorcitinib is in large Phase 3 studies, Jess. So any -- the number -- the specific percentage that we see is not something we're going to comment on right now, but a profile that is consistent with the Phase 2 is what we expect to see in the Phase 3.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up here on povo. With regard to the Phase 2 data and we saw this drop from week 12 to week 16. Could you just speak about the read-through to this trial and the risks that may play-out there? And then also in your 2025 guidance. Just speak to us about how you model for Part D redesign for Jakafi? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: Certainly, I think -- look clinical trials, particularly in diseases like HS, where they have a placebo effect, as you know, you're going to see some movement on the efficacy endpoints and the efficacy curve over-time. What we saw in the Phase 2 as both you and the previous caller Jess pointed out was that, from week 12 to week 16, there was a drop in the placebo-subtracted response with the -- in the povo arms. It's probably variability and noise related to clinical trials. We are not concerned about that. The studies are well-powered to demonstrate what we believe is a statistically significant difference between povo and placebo. And we think we'll see not only a statistically significant, but a clinically meaningful impact of povo and the primary endpoint, which is high score 50 at week-12, as well as the key secondary endpoints, which include obviously other levels of clinical benefit and other timepoints in this study.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you. Regarding your second question, Salveen, on the impact of the Medicare Part D redesign on gross-to-net for Jakafi. We do expect to see some savings in Medicare Part D since our contribution to the donut hole will now be replaced by 1% participation to the catastrophic coverage given that we have the small biotech exception. However, these savings would be offset by continued increase that we see in 340B.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from James Shin from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
James Shin: Hey, good morning, guys. I just wanted to follow-up on povo STOP-HS1 and STOP-HS2 Phase 3 trials. How will you disclose this data? Will we get a press release with high score top-line followed by full data at a [middle] (ph) conference? And then any update on the X2 program for CSU? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: So on povo for HS, our plan is, once we have the data is to disclose in a press release and almost certainly we have a call to discuss the results with the investment community. On 262, I don't have an update at this point. We are still completing the valuation of the events that we described late last year in the preclinical findings in the toxicology and we'll provide an update later this year.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. We had just one on the proof-of-concept datasets expected for mutant CALR and then also for JAK2V617Fi for later this year. Could you just help us kind of frame what we can expect to learn and what you're setting as the bar for success for these datasets and what the hurdle is going to be for moving these programs forward? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: So let me start with mutant CALR. So as you point out, we'll have proof-of-concept data this year for both patients with ET and MF, that will come over the course of the year. What we expect to see and just to -- first of all, let me tell you a little bit about what you're going to see and it's going to be a substantive amount of data. We expect to have data different dose levels with some amount of follow-up in order to have clarity on some of the important measures of success for those programs. Obviously, we discussed over the past few months the importance for this program not only to show an impact on the traditional endpoints in-patients with Myeloproliferative Neoplasms such as blood counts, symptoms, spleen, et-cetera, but also to see some early evidence of the reduction, which we think is an important measure of success. This is not going to be obviously definitive data, but we want to have some evidence that a mutant CALR antibody in patients with ET and MF can show some evidence of early reduction. So that will all be part of the update. 617F, if you recall, started in the clinic later. We started dosing patients with MF in the third quarter of 2024. So it's a little bit behind. We intend to have an update this year and the same points apply basically to that program. We would like to see impact, not only the traditional endpoint, but some early evidence of early reduction in that program as well.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen. Your line is now live. Please go ahead.
Marc Frahm: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe to start one nuanced question on STOP-HS. Just Pablo, you mentioned earlier, often these trials do have a little bit of a decline in treatment effect from Phase 2 to Phase 3. In HS specifically, we've seen kind of changes in antibiotic use and how that's treated within SAP, maybe drive some of that effect. Can you remind us just how antibiotic use is being treated? Whats treated in Phase 2? And how that may or may not differ in the Phase 3 trial? And then for Christiana, on the Opzelura guidance, can you maybe break-down some of the assumptions there on US versus ex-US growth, just given the kind of label changes that are happening, but also increasing reimbursement outside the US.
Pablo Cagnoni: So let me take the first part of the question. So first of all, the use of antibiotics in the Phase 3 [indiscernible] the same way as it was in the Phase 2. So let me just remind you what that is. Patients are not allowed to be in systemic antibiotics at study entry. Over the course of the study, if patients have started on systemic antibiotics for a flare, that's treated as a non-responder. Now a patient has started on the systemic antibiotic for a completely unrelated reason that is now treated as a non-responder and that's consistent with the Phase 2.
Christiana Stamoulis: In terms of the Opzelura guidance, the guidance that we have provided is global and it does reflect increased contribution from Europe. In 2024, the contribution was primarily driven by Germany and France. And in 2025, we expect continued contribution from those two countries, but also now increased contribution from Italy and Spain. We are not going to be breaking down the guidance between the two regions.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Kelly Shi from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Kelly Shi: Thank you for taking my questions. I have two. Firstly, can you share a little bit more color on KRASG12D program. In terms of [POC] (ph) data what kind of like sample size and also tumor indications could we expect? And also based on the preclinical data achieved so-far, do you think it hints any potential differentiation from other competitive G12D programs. And for povo, just quickly want to confirm, for the high score of 75, 90 and 100, do you plan to show at a 12 week follow-up only, are actually both 12 and 16 weeks follow-up? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: So let me -- thank you, Kelly. So in terms of KRAS, so the indications here as -- that are been the focus for us are pancreatic cancer and colorectal cancer. And specifically in pancreatic cancer, we're trying to accelerate enrollment because, obviously, it has become a very competitive space. We're fully aware of what our competitors are doing. We believe based on the profile here that we have preclinically, which is highly selective and potent G12D inhibitor that if we accelerate this program, we can still compete in this space. Now, it will come down obviously to the efficacy and safety that we see. But when we look at the data from our competitors, we think that particularly as you move to early lines of therapy in combination with the chemotherapy, there's still space for a highly selective, well-tolerated G12T inhibitor. So we look-forward to discussing data later this year, but that continues to be our view. In terms of what we're going to disclose for the povo HS studies in terms of other endpoints, that's not a decision that we've made at this point. Obviously, we'll have to -- we'll have to communicate the overall results of the study. So as I answered a little bit earlier here, but whether we add a number of other endpoints to other release, we haven't decided.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Brian Abrams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrams: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe on the BET inhibitor, can you talk about the role you foresee for that in a post-Jakafi monotherapy setting? And then what's your latest thinking on the frontline development path? What are you looking for out-of-the treatment naive combo data to move forward? And are we still looking for results from that this year? Thanks.
Herve Hoppenot: Certainly. So on the second-line, look, I think that today, as we know, eventually as good as Jakafi is for patients with myelofibrosis, eventually all patients progress and they need a better treatment options when they progress. Obviously, in addition to the BET inhibitor, we're developing the mutant CALR antibody in the V617F inhibitor. But in the relatively near-term, we think that the BET inhibitor can provide a very good treatment options for patients with MF that progress up to Jakafi. That's why we are accelerating that second-line program as much as we can. And we disclosed the basic design at ASH and you'll hear more of an update later this year. In terms of first-line indication for the BET inhibitor, what we need are more data. We need more clarity on the safety profile and the impact on endpoints that has a combination with Jakafi in previously untreated patients. We showed an update at ASH, which we think is very encouraging in terms of the ability to combine our BET inhibitor with Jakafi and the impact on spleen symptoms and importantly, the impact that we saw in hemoglobin in the presentation that we gave at ASH. So we're still encouraged by the data. I think we need additional data to make that decision and to have another conversation with FDA on a potential first study.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hey, congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking the question. For ruxolitinib XR, I'll also congrats on achieving bioequivalence. Can you just talk about your plans to commercialize rux XR and also the timeline for a fixed-dose combination with your BET inhibitor? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: So maybe on the commercialization, I mean the timeline is basically we are now waiting for the end-of-the stability study to submit to FDA by the end of this year. So that will -- it's a response to a CRL. So it's a slightly different timeline than we should be commercializing in 2026, which if you look at the window it gives us versus the 2029, the first generic of twice a day is around two years and a half. And obviously, the goal of that during that period is to have as many patients as possible being treated with once a day as a single-agent as Jakafi is used today in most indications, in most patients. Now related to the first-line study and the BET combination, obviously, the whole program depends on what Pablo was just speaking about, which is the profile of the first-line combination. And also if you think about it of how the rest of our portfolio in MPN is evolving with the CALR and the 679. So none of that has been firmly decided yet, but that's probably going to be happening over the next year or so on how we can put it in combination with our BET inhibitor [indiscernible]
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. Two questions here. This is [indiscernible] on for Eric. The first one on povo in HS. You shared about the high score 50, 12 and 16 week. I guess in terms of high score 75 as well, could you share any ranges of what you think would be meaningful and competitive data there in the evolving landscape? And then the second question is on the tafasitamab first-line in DLBCL study. What do you see as meaningful data there over the [indiscernible] arm? Thanks.
Herve Hoppenot: Okay. So on the first one on povo in HS, I'm going to have to give a similar answer to what I've given earlier, which is obviously, you want to see statistical significance for the primary endpoint. The key secondary endpoints obviously are not similarly powered, but they are important endpoints to show a clear difference with placebo. I don't think it's productive to really set a bar for what we have to clear. If you look at the data from the Phase 2 study with the 20% at week 12 and 13% placebo subtract at week 16 for povo, I think those are really strong results in the context of prior data releases in patients with HS. So if we are in the vicinity of those results, I think that's going to be a very important contribution. In terms of top line first-line, the first-line DLBCL study. As you know, this is a curative setting. So even a small impact on the primary input of the study, I think could be really, really important. And if you look at recent benchmarks such as the [indiscernible] data, which showed a modest impact on PFS is still has led to a substantial adoption of that in frontline patients. So I think it's a very clear indication where modest improvements could lead to a potentially wide adoption because you're talking about potentially curative therapy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Yes, thanks. Two for me. One, can you maybe just remind us on the learnings from the robust trial that were incorporated into front line, where you think you can succeed when that trial failed? And then for the mutant CALR program, is that just going to be monotherapy this year or could we also get some Jakafi combo? And can you remind us preclinically if you saw any differential activity between Type 1 versus Type 2 mutations in CALR? Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: So in terms of the mutant CALR antibody, we haven't really decided -- we havent initiated a combination with Jakafi. The specific details of what we're going to disclose. We haven't really decided, but it's possible that we'll disclose some Jakafi combination data. It's an important part of the development plan. And as we've discussed previously, we don't necessarily commit to a combination development for the mutant CALR antibody, but it's possible that because of the really rapid and strong impact of Jakafi on patient symptoms, particular, as you know, as well as other endpoints, a short induction with Jakafi combined with mutant CALR and then the long-term maintenance therapy with mutant CALR antibody could be a treatment paradigm. But none of that has been decided. We'll discuss the development plan, the future development plan for the mutant CALR antibody when we disclose -- when we disclose the data. What we have disclosed into the Type 1, Type 2 is that these are -- these two types of mutations are very different in the structure -- in the gene. And what we've discussed previously was that, the affinity for the antibody for Type 1, Type 2 is pretty different. In terms of what we expect to see in the clinic, we'll discuss that when we have the data results, but it's possible that we have a different level of activity in patients with different types of mutations.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Andrew Berens from Leerink Partners. Your line is now live.
Andrew Berens: Thanks. Congrats on a big quarter in 2024. A couple more on Jakafi XR. I don't think you commented on the Cmax. Wondering how that looked as you increase the dose to boost the Cmin? And is there anything else that's dating approval other than the stability studies.
Herve Hoppenot: So in terms of XR, so look, you cannot replicate the Cmax with a once-a-day formulation compared with the twice a day formulation. The FDA understands that and that was not the purpose of the study. So that -- what you have to -- what you have to meet is obviously the AUC at steady-state and Cmin at steady-state. As we disclosed in the slide deck, both of those endpoints were met. The only gating factor is the stability studies. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have discussed the results of the study with FDA and we have an agreement with them on the stability studies necessary for the resubmission for the response to the CRL, and we expect that, that will be done before the end-of-the year.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Andy Chen from Wolfe Research. Your line is now live.
Andy Chen: Hey, thank you for taking the question. So on povo HS again, can you talk about specific protocol differences between your trial and other trials, especially from IL-17 antibodies? What have you learned from other trials? And what might you be doing differently to amplify your efficacy here? And then also in your base-case scenario, are you expecting only the high-dose to be approved or both doses? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: So -- and it is difficult to get into specific differences between studies because we don't have all the details of every protocol that's out there. We think that the design of the Phase 3 studies is consistent with the way our competitors are studying patients with hidradenitis suppurativa. We designed a Phase 3 to have a slightly higher percentage of patients with [indiscernible] as opposed to [indiscernible]. That was an important point that we wanted to emphasize in order to reduce the placebo effect since it's harder in patients with more advanced disease. And that was an important point that we wanted to emphasize. I think that the couple of things that we did, as well as we were carefully selecting sites. We run a series of trainings with the sites, which was consistent what we did in the Phase 2 to make sure that the way these patients are assessed by the investigators is consistent what we did in Phase 2. So we try to replicate in Phase 3 as much as we did in Phase 2. And obviously, as I mentioned earlier, the primary endpoint we selected based on the Phase 2 data, I think that was an important lesson in order to really see how quickly we can provide benefit to patients with a week 12 improvement, which also was the best endpoint for us in our Phase 2 study. In terms of the dose, when we have the data we'll discuss with FDA, obviously. Yes, it's possible that if both doses are positive, we will lead to a broader label with different range of doses, but we'll discuss that when we have the data with FDA.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Salim Sayed from Mizuho. Your line is now live,
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking our question. This is Eric on for Salim. So just looking at modeling Jakafi through 2025, just wondering how we should think about the change -- the growth versus 2024 and how we should think about that through the year? It's more loaded in first-half, second-half, anything like that? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: So the guidance range that we provided implies a year-over-year growth of 5% to 7%. In terms of how to model it through the year, remember that Q1 always is the lowest quarter and lower than the prior quarter. And this is because of the reset of the deductibles at the beginning of the year, which on the commercial side, you would expect to continue to see this year. And even on the Medicare Part D, unless patients are yet to spread it through the course of the year, it will continue to have more of an impact in the first quarter of the year. So, expect Q1 to be the lowest quarter and lower relative to Q4 of 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Evan Seigerman: Hi guys. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Two for me. Just walk me through some of the initial assumptions for the pediatric Opzelura launch. What does this initial uptake curve look like and how much is factored into your guidance? And second, kind of a hypothetical here, would you ever consider adalimumab head-to-head trial in HS versus povo, given that you want to establish yourself as a systemic standard-of-care in this market? I'm just thinking as this is a biosimilar market, you're coming in as a branded that could help you kind of getting a leg-up here? Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, Matteo here. I'll take the AD launch. We're very excited about the opportunity that we have there to help these patients between two and 11 years old, also because the very vast majority of them are still uncontrolled and pretty much on steroidal therapies. Obviously, in the second-half of the year, we will see the initial uptake from the indication contributed to our net sales. But overall in terms of sizing at peak, we think that the opportunity will represent anywhere around 10% and 15% of the total atopic dermatitis Opzelura business.
Herve Hoppenot: Let me take the second one. We have not discussed in the past whether to conduct a head-to-head study with adalimumab. There's a couple of points there. First of all, we -- let's wait to see the data for the HS one that -- for the two HS studies that are coming. Once we have the data in-hand, we'll make decisions about future development. The challenge with the data that has been reported in the past with Humira and when you discuss this between physicians is that, while the response rate that has been reported was high and which has not been replicated since the original study, the drug failure on Humira is relatively fast. Patients seem to progress, patients with HS seem to progress relatively quickly. So we -- this is one of the reasons why HS has become such an important market, such an important indications for a number of companies, because there's a fair amount of dissatisfaction with the data, with the results in the real-world with Humira. So at this point, we haven't made a decision to do head-to-head study future development in HS. We'll discuss it after we have the data.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from [Ash Ferma] (ph) from UBS. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just one. So on povo in HS, I wanted to understand like what is your view of the potential upcoming readouts from competitors? You have [indiscernible] how would that impact your value proposition for povo in this market? Thanks.
Herve Hoppenot: So a risk of being repetitive. So if we look at the Phase 2 data that we've reported in a number of places, both week-12, week 16 and the totality of the data across all the endpoints, high score 50, 75, 90 and 100 and pain response, we think we have a very competitive profile with povo. Assuming everybody has a certain level of correction from Phase 2 to Phase 3, we believe that when you put together all the efficacy data together with the safety profile we saw in the Phase 2, that we have a very competitive profile with biologics and certainly with [indiscernible].
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda Truist Securities. Your line is now live. Q - Srikripa Devarakonda Hey guys, thank you so much for taking my question. On Jakafi, it seems like PV is primarily driving growth. Can you talk about the patient population where you're getting uptake and what are the -- what the expectations are in terms of growth? Is it primarily through new patient adds or duration on therapy as well? And beyond rux XR and the V617F inhibitor, any additional life cycle management plans for your footprint in PV, which seems to be growing? Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, I can speak. I mean the -- as you see, I mean PV is [indiscernible] indication is the one that is growing the fastest and it is driven by earlier treatment and that's based on the data we have shown that by treating early, you can basically reduce the incidence of trombosis. So basically help patients have a longer trombosis-free survival. And that's a -- that was the MAGIC study that we have been sharing with physicians over the past year and it has been driving this adoption that we are seeing in PV as well as the change in the Medicare co-pay for the Medicare patients, which is also helping in PV. So we, as we said in the prepared remarks, we think PV will become the largest of the three indications over-time, driven by this new patient -- this new earlier patient flow and the duration of treatment we are observing in PV. Regarding the overall portfolio, obviously, V617F mutation is the cause of 90% -- 80% to 90% of PV cases in the US so that will be the key driver of the next-generation of products for Incyte.
Operator: So thank you. We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments. Thank you.
Ben Strain: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for any follow-up. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ben Strain, Associate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ben.
Ben Strain: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investor section of our website to find the press release, related financial tables and slides that follow today's discussion. On today's call, I'm joined by Herve, Pablo, Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks. Barry, Matteo and Steven will also be available for Q&A. I would like to point out that we'll be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. I will now hand the call over to Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter of 2024 was a very positive quarter for Incyte with a good commercial performance, FDA approval of Niktimvo and progress of our pipeline with several key data readouts for our clinical programs. In Q3, total revenues increased by 24% year-over-year to $1.1 billion, with net product revenues growing 23%. This growth was driven by the ongoing demand growth for Jakafi and Opzelura, which I will highlight in the following slides. In August, we, along with our partner, Syndax, announced the FDA approval of Niktimvo for patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease after failure of 2 prior lines of therapy, making it the first anti-CSF-1R approved to target the inflammation and fibrosis associated with chronic GVHD. To facilitate patient dosing and limit product waste following the FDA's approval of Niktimvo, we have submitted 2 smaller vial sizes to the FDA for the approval. Following the potential approval of the new vial sizes, we anticipate launching Niktimvo in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2025. Additionally, the positive pivotal AGAVE-201 trial results were recently published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Niktimvo was also included in the latest NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology for chronic GVHD treatment, both highlighting the significance of this dataset and the transformative potential of Niktimvo. The sNDA for ruxolitinib cream in pediatric atopic dermatitis was recently filed with the FDA, and we are on-track for a potential approval in the second half of 2025. During the quarter, we also provided important clinical updates at ESMO with encouraging data for our CDK2 inhibitor in ovarian and endometrial cancer as well as data from the Phase 3 trial of retifanlimab in SCAC. At [indiscernible], we presented extensive data on both povorcitinib and ruxolitinib cream, including multiple lead breaking presentations that showed the potential of this program to enhance treatment options for individuals with immune mediated dermatologic conditions such as vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, hidradenitis suppurativa and prurigo nodularis. Moving to Slide 6 and an update of the third quarter commercial performance of Jakafi. Jakafi net product revenue were $731 million, up 16% year-over-year, paid demand increased 10%, driven by patient growth across all indications. Based on the strength in demand seen during the first 3 quarters of 2024, we are raising our full year 2024 Jakafi net revenue guidance to a new range of $2.74 billion to $2.77 billion. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Jakafi total paid demand by indication during the first 9 months of 2022, '23 and '24. As you can see, unit growth remains robust. Myelofibrosis is stable year-over-year with some modest growth seen again this quarter, while the most significant growth is seen in polycythemia vera and graft-versus-host disease. We expect PV to become the largest contributor for Jakafi over time, supported by the data from the MAJIC PV study, which underscores the benefit of early intervention with Jakafi and its impact on thrombosis free survival. Moving to Opzelura on Slide 8. Total Opzelura net product revenues in the third quarter were $139 million, up 52% when compared to the same quarter last year. In the U.S., the annual prescription trends for 2022 and '23 and year-to-date '24, as shown on the right of the Slide 8, reflects continued year-over-year growth of Opzelura from both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. During the third quarter, we continued to progress with the launch of Opzelura in Europe to $20 million in net sales during the third quarter were driven by France, where Opzelura is now reimbursed and available in retail pharmacy and from Germany. Earlier this month, we also achieved approval for atopic dermatitis and vitiligo in Canada. On Slide 9, I want to highlight 3 products that are expected to begin contributing to revenue in the near-term. We anticipate that Niktimvo for third-line chronic GVHD, tafasitamab for follicular lymphoma and retifanlimab for SCAC could collectively generate $800 million or more in incremental revenues by 2029. We anticipate all 3 products to be available in 2025 and this incremental sales will be leveraging the current commercial infrastructure used for Monjuvi, Pemazyre and Jakafi. As illustrated on Slide 10, these 3 launches anticipated in 2025 will be followed by larger opportunities in 2026 and 2027, including povorcitinib CDK2 and tafasitamab in first-line DLBCL. Between 2027 and 2030, we have multiple programs that hold transformative potential with data for each anticipated in 2025. I will now turn the call over to Pablo.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Herve, and good morning. As we continue to execute on our pipeline of numerous potential first or best-in-class medicines, we remain on track to deliver more than 10 high-impact launches by 2030. In the next few slides, I will highlight a number of these programs. We continue to expand the opportunity of ruxolitinib cream with additional indications. Based on the positive Phase 3 data in pediatric atopic dermatitis, the supplemental NDA was recently filed. With the potential approval in 2025, we are excited with the possibility of providing an effective nonsteroidal topical options for the 2 million to 3 million pediatric patients with AD in the U.S. Following interactions with the FDA, we have finalized the design for the Phase 3 study of ruxolitinib cream in patients with mild to moderate hidradenitis suppurativa. The study, which will have a primary implant of high-score 75 is expected to begin in the first half of 2025 and could represent a new treatment option to the approximately 150,000 patients with mild to moderate HS in the U.S. As a reminder, we're currently conducting a Phase 3 study evaluating ruxolitinib cream in patients with prurigo nodularis, a chronic skin disorder that presents its multiple firm nodules, commonly located on the extensive surfaces of the extremities and that are intensely predict. This pivotal study is enrolling well, and we are now on track to report results in the first half of 2025 with a potential approval as early as 2026. With no topical therapies currently approved for PN and approximately 200,000 patients diagnosed in the U.S., we see this as an important additional option for patients and a significant opportunity for ruxolitinib cream. As shown on Slide 15, we're continuing to execute a broad development plan for povorcitinib, our oral small molecule, highly selective JAK1 inhibitor. Povorcitinib is currently being evaluated in Phase 3 studies in hidradenitis suppurativa, vitiligo and prurigo nodularis and in randomized Phase 2 proof-of-concept studies in asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria with data for both expected in 2025. Povorcitinib has already shown encouraging efficacy and safety in a randomized Phase 2 study involving patients with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa, a highly painful inflammatory condition. As a reminder, we reported that by week 52, up to 29% of patients achieved a HiSCR 100 response, indicating complete resolution of all symptoms. Additionally, povorcitinib demonstrated a rapid and significant reduction in pain, offering the opportunity to transform the current standard of care for this disease. The 2 Phase 3studies, STOP-HS1 and STOP-HS2, are enrolling well, thanks to the strong Phase 2 data and the limited effective treatment options available. We expect to have Phase 3 data by early 2025. We have refined our guidance for the Phase 2proof-of-concept study of povorcitinib in chronic spontaneous urticaria and now anticipate data in the first half of 2025. CSU is a mast cell-driven disease characterized by hives and severe chronic itching. The overactivation of dermal mast cells and basophils leads to increased serum levels of Th1, Th2 and Th17-related cytokines. We know that JAK1 inhibition can modulate mast cell activation, including the granulation and cytokine production, both of which contribute to chronic spontaneous urticaria. This randomized double-blind Phase 2 study is being conducted in patients who are inadequately controlled or have progressed on second-generation antihistamine, which represent a potential patient population of over 300,000 patients in the U.S. alone. As you can see on Slide 16, our updated inflammation and immunity pipeline continues to evolve. Recently, we presented promising data from a Phase 2 study of ruxolitinib cream in patients with cutaneous lichen planus. At this time, we do not plan to advance ruxolitinib cream into a registrational study for the syndication and intend to publish the results of the study in the future. For lichen sclerosus, given the prioritization of other indications and programs, we are not currently planning to advance this indication into a registrational study. As a reminder, 262 and 547 are currently being evaluated in a number of indications, and we anticipate data for these studies in the first quarter of 2025. Moving to MPNs and graft-versus-host disease on Slide 17. We highlight here a number of ongoing programs where we have the goal of developing new therapeutic options to build upon the significant impact Jakafi has had on patients. Our BET inhibitor dose escalation is ongoing, both as monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib. As a reminder, we have reported reductions in spleen length in volume as well as improvements in both symptoms and hemoglobin. We plan to advance this program into Phase 3 development and expect to provide an update later this year. Additionally, for zilurgisertib, our ALK2 inhibitor, we plan to provide an update later this year. And for ruxolitinib XR, we plan to share the Bioequivalence data in early 2025. Moving to our oncology pipeline on Slide 18. We continue to build a robust portfolio with increased emphasis on first-in-class and our best-in-class and novel immuno-oncology programs. For tafasitamab, we shared positive top line results from the Phase 3 study in patients with follicular lymphoma and we are on track to file the sNDA with the FDA this year, which could lead to a potential approval in 2025. As a reminder, the Phase 3 data for first-line DLBCL in combination with R-CHOP is expected in the first half of 2025. During the ESMO conference in September, we shared positive top line results for the pivotal Phase 3 study of retifanlimab in SCAC. Retifanlimab met the primary endpoint, demonstrating a clinically meaningful 37% reduction in the risk of progression or death with a hazard ratio of 0.63. The study showed that retifanlimab was generally well tolerated and no new safety signals were detected. At ESMO, we also shared promising evidence of clinical activity from our potentially first-in-class small molecule CDK2 inhibitor, which demonstrated a number of complete and partial responses as well as stable disease in patients with Cyclin E1 overexpressing tumors, most notably in ovarian and endometrial cancer. We believe our CDK2 inhibitor could be a foundational therapy for patients with ovarian cancer as well as other Cyclin E1 overexpressing tumor types, and we plan to move aggressively in initiating registrational studies in 2025. We will be meeting with FDA in the coming months to discuss trial designs. As highlighted on the slide, we're considering different designs for the registrational program, and we will continue to update you on the regulatory strategy for this program in the coming months. In closing, Slide 20 shows a summary of the considerable number of milestones across the remainder of 2024 and 2025. These milestones will continue the transformation of our pipeline with a strong focus or new molecular entities with the potential to make an indelible impact on patients. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Pablo, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results reflect strong commercial execution and continued growth with total revenues of $1.14 billion, up 24% versus the same period last year. Total product revenues of $963 million in Q3 were driven by strong demand growth for Jakafi and Opzelura and increased revenue contribution from Monjuvi as a result of the acquisition of food rights to tafasitamab earlier this year. Total royalty revenues were $157 million, up 20% compared to the third quarter of 2023, driven by increased demand for Jakavi and Olumiant. Turning to Jakafi on Slide 24. Jakafi net product revenues were $741 million for the third quarter, reflecting continued demand growth with total demand up 10% year-over-year, driven by growth in all indications and a $9 million gross to net favorability as a result of through ups to prior quarter estimates. At the end of Q3, channel inventory was up 2% year-over-year and stable quarter-over-quarter and within normal range. Turning now to Opzelura on Slide 25. Net product revenues for the third quarter were $139 million, representing a 52% year-over-year increase driven by growth in new patient starts and refills across both AD and vitiligo in the U.S. as well as continued contribution from the commercialization of Opzelura for vitiligo in Europe. In the third quarter, Europe contributed $20 million of Opzelura net product revenues, driven by continued uptake in Germany and broader access in France where Opzelura is now reimbursed and available in retail pharmacies. Third quarter net product revenues in France include a $2 million stock build up at wholesalers. Finally, in the third quarter, we made significant progress in including Opzelura on regional formularies in Spain and Italy. Moving on to Slide 26 and our operating expenses. Total GAAP R&D expenses were $573 million for the third quarter due to the $100 million milestone payment made to MacroGenics during the quarter and continued investment in our late-stage development assets. Excluding all onetime expenses, ongoing R&D expenses for the third quarter increased 26% compared to the same period in '23 due to continued investment in our late-stage development assets, additional R&D expenses resulting from the Escient acquisition and timing of certain expenses. For the 9-months ended September 30, 2024, ongoing R&D expenses increased 15% compared to the prior year period as a result of increased investment in the Phase 3 studies of povorcitinib and Opzelura. As we wrap up the clinical development of axatilimab in third-line chronic GVHD, tafasitamab in relapsed refractory follicular lymphoma and retifanlimab in SCAC and non-small cell lung cancer as well as the development activities of discontinued programs, we anticipate the reduction in investment in those programs to partially offset the increased investment in other programs, which would allow us to control future R&D expense growth. Moving to SG&A. Total GAAP SG&A expenses were $309 million for the third quarter, representing a 15% year-over-year increase primarily driven by timing of consumer marketing activities and certain other expenses. For the 9 months ended September 30, total GAAP SG&A expenses increased 6% year-over-year. Finally, total ongoing operating expenses for the first 9 months of the year increased 11% versus a 14% increase in revenues, leading to an increase in operating leverage and margins. Moving on to our guidance for 2024. Based on the strong performance of Jakafi in the first 9 months of the year, we are increasing our full year 2024 guidance to a new range of $2.74 billion to $2.77 billion. We are also updating our full year guidance for other hematology/oncology products to a new range of $310 million to $320 million to reflect the first 9 months actual demand and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. In addition, we are updating the full year GAAP R&D guidance to include the $100 million milestone payment to MacroGenics. The full year GAAP R&D guidance is now $2.54 billion to $2.59 billion, which includes $791 million in onetime expenses related to the $691 million of upfront consideration for the acquisition of Escient and the $100 million milestone payment to MacroGenics. Ongoing R&D guidance remains unchanged. Finally, we are reiterating our full year 2024 guidance for COGS and SG&A. Operator that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim.
Michael Schmidt: Congrats on a great third quarter. I had one on povorcitinib. Just looking ahead to the upcoming Phase 3 data in hidradenitis early next year. So beyond top line success, do you have any thoughts on where you think -- where you want efficacy to shake out in order to be competitive with Humira and other market biologics? Is there a particular placebo-adjusted effect size that you're looking for to hit with povorcitinib?
Steven Stein: Michael, it's Steven. Just taking your question. And thank you for the question on HS. Our feeling is if we replicate the Phase 2 data, which was incredibly strong, and as Pablo said in his prepared remarks, that includes HiSCR 100 of up to 29%, then we'll have an extremely favorable efficacy profile that will really benefit patients with HS. You couple that with the other symptomatology, particularly the pain from the lesions, and we were able to get in that Phase II data set to demonstrate pain relief, and that will add to what we think will be a differentiated profile that will really benefit patients. Obviously, it's hard to predict how Phase 3 will read out. The other thing Pablo alluded to in his prepared remarks is extremely good enrollment on both studies, which is probably a testament to the Phase II data driving investigators wanting to put patients on the study.
Operator: Next question is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan.
Jessica Fye: I had a few on the pipeline. I believe earlier this morning, Novartis announced the longer follow-up time is needed to determine the regulatory path forward for their BET inhibitor. Curious how that impacts at all your thinking or development strategy for your BET? And then can you help us think about the potential development plans for povorcitinib and 262 in CSU? And just kind of where you see both molecules best fitting in the treatment paradigm?
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Jess, this is Pablo. Let me take the first one. So our BET inhibitor, as we presented over the past year, and we will provide an update later this year, we're very happy with the data that we've seen so far. We've seen spleen reduction to volume reduction. We've seen a pretty impressive improvement in symptoms, obviously, with the caveat that this is not randomized blinded data, but very important effect on symptoms. We believe that the ability of our BET inhibitor to be dosed continuously as opposed to the way pelabresib has to be dosed with a break of a week every 2 weeks could potentially make it an important difference in our ability to control symptoms. So our plan remains the same. As I said in my prepared remarks, we'll provide an update on the data before the end of the year and we intend to advance into a Phase 3 study, and we will provide details on those designs when we provide an update on the data. So that plan remains the same. On povo 262 for CSU, both are in different stages in a way. Povo, as you know, is in a randomized Phase 2 study for proof of concept. We believe there's a potential for povo in this indication because of the very strong anti-inflammatory effect that it has. So we look forward to sharing data and future plans after that. 262 is in a randomized Phase 2 study with 2 dose levels at 50 and 150 compared with placebo. And we also initiated a study or a lower dose of 25 milligrams compared with placebo. And the idea here is to explore a full range of doses for 262 to potentially once we have the results, assuming positive results to be ready for pivotal studies. In terms of how both fit, I think the difference here is probably a sequence on how these medicines could potentially be used in patients with SCAC. As you know, first line of therapy antihistamines, about 50% to 60% of the patients do not respond into antihistamine or progress on antihistamine. This is a multiyear disease. And so patients need a sequence of treatment to be used to see which one controls best the symptoms for that particular individual. The mechanism is different. Povorcitinib has a broad inflammatory effect. 262 is exquisitely designed to block MRGPRX2 in mast cells in the skin. So we believe that, that selectivity will lead to an excellent safety profile. So once we have data for both programs, we'll share a little bit more on how we think those can potentially be sequenced in the treatment paradigm.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Just regarding the Escient portfolio. Could you just help us understand how you're thinking about development strategy here when you think about the different mechanisms addressing some of these diseases and how you see the differentiation playing out?
Steven Stein: Yes. So we have 2 programs that were acquired with Escient MRGPRX2 and MRGPRX4. So MRGPRX2 is currently being developed in 3 indications. Chronic spontaneous urticaria. And I just highlighted where we are with that indication. We have an ongoing study with 2 dose levels versus placebo, 50 and 150 and the second study of 25 milligrams versus placebo. Once we have all that data, we'll decide next steps for chronic spontaneous urticaria. For the other 2 indications are chronic inducible urticaria, particularly focused on 2 of those, dermographism and cold-induced urticaria and atopic dermatitis. The reason why we like MRGPRX2 as a target is the excellent selectivity, not just for cell type, mast cells, but also mast cells specifically in the skin and connective tissues. And we think that should lead to an excellent safety profile and make this, perhaps, in some of these patients, the first therapy after patients progress on antihistamines in the case of urticaria, chronic urticaria, for example. So good evidence of efficacy. Together with a very, very clean safety, we think it will make this a very important option for patients at that stage of the disease. The second program was MRGPRX4. This has been developed in patients with cholestatic pruritus, specifically primary biliary cirrhosis and primary cirrhosis cholangitis. We know that X4 is a receptor, bile acids and bile salts bind to it, and this is an important way in why these patients have intractable pruritus. We are conducting a randomized double-blind study in those indications. We'll have data in the first quarter of 2025, same as for MRGPRX2 program. And once we report all the data early next year, we'll give you clarity on the next steps.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Eric Schmidt: Congrats again on all the updates. Maybe a commercial question for Matteo on Opzelura and the potential upcoming launch for pediatric AD in the second half of next year. How do you think you're doing with regard to formulary access and efforts to ensure reimbursement and what could be a pretty sizable marketplace?
Matteo Trotta: Yes. Thanks, Eric, for the question. On the pediatric side, we're very excited about the potential for us to bring this new tool to patients 2 and 11 years old in AD. The unmet need is very clearly there. We have 2 million patients in terms of sizing. They're still cycling vastly on TCS and TCIs, and there still remain a high unmet need for us to potentially get into that. In terms of the 2025 formulary coverage, I mean, we look at the formulary position for the entire Opzelura brand for next year. Right now from the feedback that we're receiving, we're confident that we will have a competitive overall coverage also for next year. And that will include, obviously, the pediatric indication if we had to -- to fruition.
Operator: Next question is coming from Kelly Shi from Jefferies.
Kelly Shi: Just curious for the Phase 3 trial ruxolitinib cream in the mild to moderate HS. What is the rationale for using most stringent and the primary endpoint on HiSCR75 over typically use the HiSCR50?
Steven Stein: Kelly, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So firstly, there's a lot of unmet need in mild to moderate HS defined in our study as people with abscess and nodules of account of about 3 to 10, no draining tunnels. And those patients can have a reasonable placebo effect because of the disease phenotype I just described to you. So that's -- looking at HiSCR75 will help to control for that. It's a higher end point, a higher bar, obviously, address the unmet need and hopefully eliminate a large placebo effect to get it across the finish line. It's agreed with regulatory agencies, and we're a go on the program.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair.
Matt Phipps: I had another question on 262. The clinical trial recently showed the addition of 25 mg arm to that CSU trial. Can you give us any rationale for that? I assume that is maybe not going to be included in the Q1 update? And also just thinking about the profile here. Are you guys -- should we think most about I guess, competing with the recent BTK data as far as another oral? Or do you look at maybe some of the more effective treatments like the kit inhibitors as far as efficacy goes?
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, Matt, thank you for the question. So the reason for the 25 is to have -- to explore the full range of doses. So as you point out, there's an ongoing study 50 versus 150 versus placebo. That's the data that we're going to have in the first quarter of 2025. We decided in the meantime to start a second study with 25 milligrams versus placebo in order to have the full range of doses explored. So if we have positive data in the ongoing study, then we'll be ready with the 25 already running to be -- to get to a Phase 3 study faster. So that's the idea of the 25-milligram, to explore the full range of dose of 262 in patients with CSU. In terms of worry fits, I mentioned a few times before that we don't necessarily expect to send the same level of efficacy that you may have with the kit antibody. When you deplete all mast cells, which is what kit antibodies do, obviously, the efficacy is very strong. In our opinion, that comes with a series of side effects that have been well reported. I think with BTK inhibitor is a little bit cleaner in terms of safety profile. We think 262, if it shows positive data in CSU, will fit perfectly after antihistamines. Once patients progress in antihistamines, what we expect to be a very clean safety profile for a very convenient daily pill will be ideal for those patients before they need to try more aggressive alternatives. So that we continue to believe is a perfect fit for 262 in CSU.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from James Shin from Deutsche Bank.
James Shin: For ruxolitinib creams HS Phase 3, what time point is the HiSCR75 being assessed? When I look at the pipeline slide, it shows the approval range starting around mid '27 time frame. So is Phase 3 HS data for RUX cream expected in '26?
Steven Stein: Yes, it's Steven. It's hard to be given much precision beyond what we showed in that for the moment because of the study has to start and be underway and then see how it enrolls. The endpoint is HiSCR75 as agreed with regulatory agencies. And we'll update at a more appropriate time and try to give more precision on the endpoint. We expect, given the unmet need, the lack of competition in the space and the excitement around this, that it should enroll well, but we'll see how it goes at a later time.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Purohit: So we had one on the oncology pipeline. For the Phase 1 data sets expected for the mutant CALR program and then also for the JAK2V617 programs in 2025. Could you help us understand just the scope of those data releases that we could expect to see and how you'll be gauging success for these initial data sets? And if I could squeeze a question in on the base business. For Opzelura, could you just give us a sense of how utilization is tracking in terms of tubes per patient per year for both AD and vitiligo versus your last update?
Pablo Cagnoni: Let me take the first one on the pipeline. So the mutant CALR antibody program is ahead of 617F. As we disclosed previously, our 617F program this year started in healthy volunteers to understand the formulation better and then we advanced it into in myelofibrosis patients, and it's now in patients, but it's a little bit behind mutant CALR antibody. We expect both to have meaningful data available next year, but that data will be comprised as basically a fairly large number of patients with single agent, particularly for the mutant CALR antibody and some of the data also in combination. I think it's difficult to start putting numbers around what success looks like. What we've been consistent about is that what we expect to see in addition to obviously addressing some of the signs and symptoms of myeloproliferative neoplasms is to see some evidence of decrease in VAF for allele reduction with these medicines. And we expect that we will have that data next year when we decide the right timing to disclose to provide an update.
Steven Stein : On Opzelura utilization, for AD, we still see over 2 tubes per patient per year. For vitiligo, we're missing up the cohort we're following throughout the time to make sure that the cohort is meaningful enough and as well as we follow long enough to a very reliable number. On what you see on the prescription side is that the growth rate is actually coming from new patients as well as refill. So we continue to improve over time. At the same time, we're increasing the focus on the overall adherence, and we have quite exciting programs kicking off this quarter and the first quarter of next year to actually put more emphasis on this part of support for our patient population.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Derek Archila from Wells Fargo.
Derek Archila: Congrats on the quarter. Just 2 quick ones. Just on 262. I just want to know if you've characterized the tryptase reduction you've seen with the agent in the earlier-stage trials. And then just on the base business, just in terms of what we've seen with Jakafi in the MF market, it looks like you're still driving new patient volumes. Just was wondering if that's more share gains or just the overall market growing?
Pablo Cagnoni: Let me take the first one on 262. So we are measuring tryptase in the ongoing trials. A word of caution, I think that the degree of the magnitude of tryptase reduction that we expect to see is not the same you'll see with depletion of mast cells by using a kit antibody. I mean it's just in the sense that if you deplete mast cells regardless of their location, you're going to have, particularly those in circulation, you're going to have pretty dramatic [indiscernible] tryptase in circulation. What we address with 262 is MRGPRX2 in the mast cells in the skin. As a result of which the decrease in tryptase that we may see, it's not going to be quite as dramatic. But we are measuring that and we will report it.
Steven Stein: Derek, yes, as far as the myelofibrosis market goes, Jakafi, as we said, continues to grow. Total patients increased 4% in myelofibrosis. But in fact, yes, the overall market is growing. Patients are getting first line. They're starting earlier because now, you have multiple agents to go to after Jakafi and patients are being treated in the second line, third line and even fourth-line setting, which we had not seen before.
Operator: Next question today is coming from David Lebowitz from Citibank.
David Lebowitz: Just following up on the Jakafi question. I understand that the step down in the catastrophic out-of-pocket costs are in the middle, they'll be at their lowest $2,000 per year next year. Has that played any role in the uptick in Jakafi growth in the current quarter? And then looking forward to later in the year, could you outline what type of data we might actually see at ASH?
Matteo Trotta: So I'll take the first question and hand it over to Steven or Pablo. So yes, so Jakafi, well, what we always believe that Medicare Part D patients who are cancer patients, out-of-pockets should really not be a barrier to use. So really getting rid of the catastrophic coverage this year for patients on Medicare Part D was a very good thing, going to $2,000 out-of-pocket next year is a very good thing and especially smoothing over the whole period of time. So patients out of pocket in any given month is better. But really, the growth that we see is coming from demand and mostly as we've said, from polycythemia vera and mostly, that's because physicians are starting patients earlier on Jakafi and polycythemia vera because of the results largely from MAGIC PV, which demonstrates that patients will have thrombosis free survival improvements when they start Jakafi and when they start Jakafi earlier. Steve?
Steven Stein: Yes, David, it's Steven. Unfortunately, it's premature to comment on what will be seen at ASH. We have to wait for the acceptances, and then we will provide the update at that point.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen.
Marc Frahm: Just on 262, back to adding the 25-milligram dose. Can you just talk about kind of what led to adding that? And was it informed at all by the AD trial, which I believe this market has completed as of over the summer. And then just when you get the data from those different dose levels in CSU, you obviously, you don't necessarily need to match the kit antibodies from an efficacy perspective given the potential for improved safety here. But what is that kind of minimum bar that would justify use of a branded drug after antihistamines in your mind?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. So let me -- first of all, the decision to start with its indeed a new study, it was the ongoing study, but it really is a totally separate cohort with 25 milligrams versus placebo. They had nothing to do with any data that we've seen from the program. We made that decision early in the process very soon after the transaction closed, and it was based on our desire to be ready for a Phase 3 study as soon as possible once we have data. That decision was made at that time. In terms of the bar, look, all the patients in the ongoing study are refractory to antihistamine. So basically, after that, the question is what's the best option for these patients? We believe in that context, obviously, showing efficacy over placebo and with what we believe will be an excellent safety profile will be sufficient for 262 to be the first option after antihistamines in some of the patients with CSU. We remain convinced that, that is the right place for this drug to be used, assuming obviously efficacy in the randomized trial.
Operator: Next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Congrats on the quarter and all the progress. Maybe on the CDK2, I'm curious if there's any updates on the aspects that you're considering as you think about the next steps and pivotal plans into the upcoming FDA meeting and sort of how you're thinking about the balance between exploring late line versus maintenance? And then any more color around the companion diagnostic for that drug?
Steven Stein: Yes, Brian, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So as Pablo said in his slides, there are numerous areas we're interested in. But broadly speaking, the ovarian cancer settings divided into a platinum refractory and a platinum-sensitive setting divided by a time period of approximately 6 months, although that's getting gray in terms of retreatment. And there are different unmet needs in each population, and we're interested in both. You saw the data update at ESMO. We got upwards of north of a 30% response rate, but the data is still maturing and there may actually be late responses where it may go up. So we really like the profile we've seen. We've done 200 plus patients of dose range in work. So we think we're in a very good place to pick both a dose and schedule. In the platinum refractory ovarian cancer setting, there are potentially 2 ways of thinking about it. For the U.S., primarily the FDA, one could do a single-arm study in that setting, looking at response rate and durability of response to get it across the finish line. As potential confirmatory study and for ex U.S. approvals, that will require a randomized study in that setting. And as it was on the slide deck that would be against investigator choice chemotherapy of which their numbers, their single-agent [indiscernible], et cetera, with a time to event endpoint, like progression-free survival. And we like the profile of the drug there. The other setting that's of extreme interest to us, and we spoke about it at ESMO quite a lot, is the platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer setting, particularly where bevacizumab maintenance is used. And the disease gets a little complicated here because you look at HRD-proficient and HR deficient patients in terms of use of PARP inhibitors. But if you just focus on the majority population there, the HR deficient patients, the majority of those are Cyclin E1 positive. We're doing safety work now with CDK2 and bev maintenance, and that's an enormous interest to us. There's need there. We can potentially improve cure rates, and it would be a pretty simple construct in terms of design, it will be bev maintenance plus placebo versus bev maintenance plus CDK2, and we're doing the enabling work for that now. That is obviously a longer study and we'll deliver later. But we like the profile of the drug there that we've seen so far in terms of its therapeutic ratio. So those are the areas of interest in terms of study designs. On the companion diagnostic, we haven't given details per se on what our cutoff is, but there's 2 ways of looking again at this population. You can look at the gene in terms of amplification, the CCNE1 gene, and others are doing that or you can look at protein of expression by IHC, Cyclin E1 expression, and that's where we focused. And that is a much bigger population. Without cutoff, it's probably more than half of ovarian cancer right now. But we need to have more discussions with regulators and CDH on our companion diagnostic and the cutoff we use in. But the data we showed at ESMO was using our assay with the cutoff that we've determined internally.
Operator: Next question is coming from Andrew Berens from Leerink Partners.
Unidentified Analyst : This is [indiscernible] on for Andy. So with the upcoming HS straight out for povo, just one question, looking ahead to the commercial dynamics. So the efficacy look strong relative to other agents being developed for HS, even now it's oral. I was wondering how you see the safety of povo and if the JAK class concerns are reflected on the label, how might that impact the drug commercially? I guess I'm asking if you anticipate a black box like other JAK agents.
Steven Stein: Yes, it's Steven, I'll address that. I mean we've spoken a bit about how well the studies are going. The Phase 2 profile we saw with the HiSCR100 upwards of 29%. And in fact, enrollment is going very well. It is an inflammatory disease. So there is a reasonable chance or more than a reasonable chance that it will have class effect labeling in terms of a black box. So we do expect that to be the case going forward. If you look at the profile of a JAK-STAT inhibitor versus a biologic, which will only attack, by definition, one pathway, for example, IL-17. Here, we can have more broad coverage of different interleukins, and then potentially that would result in better disease control as we saw in the Phase II data, and that's the data set we'd like to rate.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Andy Chen from Wolfe Research.
Andy Chen: I'm curious if you can remind us the size of your sales force and how it's spread across heme and derm and others? I'm trying to figure out if your SG&A would trend up as you get your topical into pediatric AD into PN and also your JAK inhibitor. Are you going to double down on the derm sales force? Or are you going to capitalize on the existing synergies?
Herve Hoppenot: So I guess in the U.S., Matteo can speak about that. I mean the big picture is that we have established around the world, in fact, now in most of the European countries, in the U.S. and in Canada, we have a dermatology IAI teams that are in place and are sized in a way where we anticipate that they will be able to be -- to do most of the work required for the launches of the new indication, absolutely clearly for Opzelura. When povo comes up, it may be a marginal increase, but nothing that is very, very high. I mean how many people do you have now in the U.S., Matteo?
Matteo Trotta: The full footprint across all teams is around a couple of hundred people. It's -- we see it in line with other competitors. We also saw competitors staffing up a full field force dedicated to HS. We look forward to see the Phase 3 data next year. But from what it looks like now, it's going to be a mix of exactly staffing up throughputly while capturing synergy with the current footprint we have.
Operator: Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Congrats on the quarter. Since you have a number of catalysts in the near term that could reshape the future top line growth, can you talk about which 1 or 2 catalysts are most important? And are there any gaps in your portfolio? And how are you thinking about business development strategy over the next year?
Herve Hoppenot: Yes. Maybe I'll take that. I mean so if you go to the slide, we just presented in the Slide 10, I mean it's basically saying what has happened recently is the decarbonization of the increase in probability of success for [indiscernible] Niktimvo is approved in third line and retifanlimab in SCAC. And as I said in my presentation, we, collectively, if you put them together, you end up with something that would be around $800 million. So each of them are relatively modest, if you want to classify them. But when you put them together, this is a meaningful contribution to the top line by 2030. What we have coming soon is povo, CDK2, ruxolitinib XR and tafasitamab in first-line DLBCL. So that's, again, the number of projects that have been -- where the probability of success has increased with recent events. I mean, for CDK2, clearly, the data is good. For povorcitinib, the Phase 2 data that we have accumulated is showing very good level of efficacy. And in fact, the follicular lymphoma data for tafa, which is the first of the CD19, CD20 combination is in some way improving our chances of success in the first-line setting, where we are also doing CD19, CD20 combination. So that's the second step. And then we go into mCALR, X2, 617F, [ zilurgisertib ] all the early pipeline that is moving very well. So what it does to us in terms of business development is really looking at maybe early technology type of deals where there are always things we can acquire, learn from that we would be interested in or in the very hypothetical situation where we would find some of that, some very late stage like commercial products that would be also of quality that we would ask for, which is not very common in oncology and dermatology and are very expensive. So in some way, we are in a position today where our internal pipeline plus the acquisitions that we have done or the [ busy ] we have done recently is giving us a portfolio that works very well for what we need to compensate the Jakafi patent exploration around 2029. And we are not looking in the very short term at acquiring new assets that would require a lot of R&D expenses. And that's why we look at either early or very late with contribution to the top line that will come very quickly.
Operator: Next question is coming from Gavin Clark-Gartner from Evercore ISI.
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Also had one on 262 in CSU. I'm just wondering how many patients are [indiscernible] naive versus experienced in the study? And if you think there could be any potential subgroups with greater efficacy, such as IgE low patients?
Unidentified Company Representative: So thank you for the question. So we're not going to provide any details on prior therapy in the study other than to say that all patients have refractory to antihistamines. In terms of the potential for certain subsets to have better efficacy, I'd rather not speculate at this point in time. Obviously, it's a very different mechanism for [indiscernible], which is, as you know, an anti-IgE antibody as opposed to 262, they work in a different pathway, but I'd rather not speculate at this point into the -- about the results, the future results of the study.
Operator: Next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: I'm just thinking about the ALK program readout in 4Q. I know you don't want to speculate too much, but maybe comment on kind of your confidence in the readout. It feels like this program has a few ups and downs despite the mechanistic rationale. Can you maybe highlight what gives you this confidence in the update and really in the program overall going forward?
Steven Stein: Yes, Evan, it's Steven. As we've been alluding to over the last year, we've sort of have to go to higher and higher doses to try and achieve the desired effect of the program, which just to remind you, would work potentially through inhibiting hepcidin and then relieving that break so that iron gets released and patients' hemoglobin improves from the underlying disease and then potentially from drug-induced disease. And I think it's safe to say at this point in time, we haven't seen to date yet sufficient efficacy to trigger a go on a future registration program. We'll update more data at the end of the year at an appropriate meeting and give you more color on that. Just to remind you, though, we do have an ongoing program in that continues to enroll with ALK2.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America.
Tazeen Ahmad: As you think about the HS opportunity, can you clarify for us how you think it would be different for RUX cream versus povo? And also, do you have a sense, I know it's still a little bit early, but in terms of usage of tubes for RUX cream in HS, how do you think that will compare relative to what you have seen so far for AD and vitiligo?
Steven Stein: So it's Steven. On your first question. So there's a spectrum of disease that goes mild, moderate and severe in HS. They're called Hurley stages, classifications by the number of abscesses and nodules, the number of draining tunnels and fistulas. Just to address the mild to moderate for which the cream is targeting, as I said earlier, the abscess nodule count there is limited to less than 10. To get on to our particular study, you have to have 3 to 10 abscess nodule count. There are no draining tunnels of fistulas in the mild to moderate population and the HiSCR75 will be the endpoint. And they're approximately up to between 100,000 and 150,000 patients with this, with a lot of unmet need. These patients tend to be underdiagnosed in the setting and tend to have disease for a long time before getting appropriately diagnosed and seeking treatment, and it may need chronic treatment. It's hard to determine now until we conduct the study and get the readout to exactly how long that would be. In terms of povorcitinib, it's looking at the right spectrum of the disease. So the moderate severe population with higher abscess nodule counts with the presence of fistulas and draining tunnels. And then the endpoints can go towards potentially, as Pablo said in his prepared remarks, complete resolution of everything, abscess and nodules and removal of the draining tunnels and fistulas, which will be called a HiSCR100, obviously addresses a huge unmet need and takes care of a lot of morbidity. And again, chronicity of treatment and how many tubes will be needed will come from the Phase 3 study readout, but it will tend to be long therapy, if you want to just ballpark it at the moment.
Operator: Next question is coming from Srikripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities.
Srikripa Devarakonda: And congrats back on the quarter. I had a question about the CDK2 program. I know some of the questions were already answered. But one of your peers just announced the discontinuation of their CDK2 program. I was wondering if you can help us understand how you see the competitive landscape given your data. And before you have the conversation with the FDA or before you move into pivotal trials, should we expect to see any additional data from either ovarian cancer or any of the other indications that you're investigating the drug in?
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me take that question. So in terms of competitive landscape, the competitive landscape for CDK2, it's a little bit beyond the mechanism, right? I mean we think when it comes to ovarian cancer, we are ahead in terms of developing a CDK2 program. We are -- we disclosed the data, as you know. We have over 200 patients treated. We explore a range of doses. We've seen clear evidence of efficacy and a very, very manageable safety profile. So we intend to start registrational studies next year, which I think that puts us in front when it comes to CDK2 inhibition in ovarian cancer and perhaps also in endometrial cancer. We're doing additional work in other indications. Now the company landscape is a little bit more complicated than just CDK2 because there's a number of ADCs being developed in ovarian cancer. Obviously, bevacizumab is approved for certain patients with full receptor alpha expression. There are other ADCs, the same target as well as additional targets for ADCs. I think that the 2 points I would make is, number one, there isn't complete overlap when it comes to populations, at least now with receptor alpha-positive patients. Perhaps for some of the others, the overlap will be it'll be more pronounced. But one of the reasons why we believe the maintenance study in combination with bevacizumab is very important for us in the long run because that might be the perfect setting for an oral, convenient, well-tolerated molecules such as our CDK2 inhibitor. So while we intend to move aggressively into platinum-resistant patients to get a faster market strategy there, we believe the maintenance will differentiate our CDK2 program, not only from other entrants in the same target but also against ADCs.
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP Securities.
Ren Benjamin: Congrats on the quarter. I guess just when we think about the potential for positive Phase 3 data from STOP-HS1 and HS2, do you need even like longer-term follow-up data? Or do you feel that you can file kind of right away? And assuming an approval in 2026, how do you see this being used in relation to currently approved therapies? And what kind of market share do you think you might ultimately achieve? I know Steven has talked about greater than 300,000 patients, but how many patients do you think you might be able to treat?
Steven Stein: So Ren, it's Steven. I'll at least do the first part to your question. And obviously, we can't speak about a lot of the regulatory aspects, but it is an NDA, a first filing. So there'll be safety data that will be needed, and we'll provide updates at the appropriate time, but we continue to guide to a 2026 approval for that at the time. In terms of -- it will be really up to what you see ultimately in terms of the efficacy profile vis-a-vis other orals or biologics in terms of use. There are a lot of patients with the disease, a lot of unmet need, and there'll be a lot of cycling through therapy. I think the numbers we give is between 150,000 to 300,000 patients with this moderate to severe in total, in terms of seeking therapy potentially and then use of biologics versus orals, et cetera, will depend on the profiles of the drugs from the Phase 3 setting.
Operator: Thank you. We reach end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Ben for any further closing comments.
Ben Strain: Thank you all for participating in the call today and your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ben Strain, Associate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ben.
Ben Strain: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of our website to find the press release, related financial tables, and slides that follow today's call. On today's call, I'm joined by Herve, Pablo, Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks. Barry, Steven, and Matteo will also be available for Q&A. I would like to point out that we'll be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. I will now hand the call over to Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. So during the second quarter of 2024, we made significant progress across the business with strong performance on the commercial side, driven by Jakafi and Opzelura, transformation of our pipeline, where we made important decisions on our clinical programs, and capital allocation, where we closed the Escient acquisition and completed the large share repurchase. Looking at Q2 revenue, total revenue grew 9% year-over-year, exceeding $1 billion, while net product revenue grew 10%, driven by the continued success of Jakafi and Opzelura, which I will detail in the following slides. We continue to make strategic decisions that are transforming our clinical pipeline, and during the second quarter we closed the acquisition of Escient Pharmaceutical which added two first-in-class medicines to our IAI portfolio. Additionally, we are intensifying our focus on and concentrating resources on those high potential program, which have the largest impact for patients and for Incyte. We also recently completed a large $2 billion share repurchase, further highlighting our excitement and conviction in our clinical pipeline and commercial business, while retaining a strong balance sheet for potential further business development activities. Over the last 12-months, our clinical pipeline has significantly advanced and we are on track to deliver a number of best-in-class and our first-in-class differentiated medicines in areas where there are no or limited treatment options. When comparing our pipeline today on slide six to where we were just seven months ago, we have added potentially transformative clinical programs including KRAS G12D, TGF-beta PD-1, MRGPRX2 and MRGPRX4, and we have deprioritized some of the immune oncology programs, including TIM-3 and LAG-3 antibodies, LAG-3xPD-1 bispecific, and the oral PD-L1 program. Pablo will describe this pipeline transformation in some details and will provide clarity on the potential timing of data availability. Moving to slide seven, Jakafi net product revenues were $706 million, up 3% year-over-year. Paid demand increased 9%. As a reminder, the second quarter of 2023 benefited by approximately $37 million from channel inventory, which explains the 3% growth of net sales versus 9% growth of actual demand. Based on the strength in demand seen during the first-half of the year and anticipated growth for the balance of the year, we are raising the bottom end of our full-year 2024 Jakafi net revenue guidance to a new range of $2.71 billion to $2.75 billion. Turning to slide eight and looking at Jakafi total paid demand by indication during the first quarter of 2022, 23 and 24. As you can see, unit growth continues to be strong. MF is stable year-over-year with modest growth since this quarter and the largest growth coming from both PV and GVHD. Jakafi continues to maintain its leadership in MF. Based on market research, discontinuation rates have remained stable in the first line selling over the past several months with minimal impact from competitors. These trends have been consistent with our expectations. Moving to Opzelura on slide nine. Total Opzelura net product revenue in the second quarter were $122 million, up 52% when compared to the same quarter last year. The weekly prescription trend as shown on the right of slide nine reflects continued growth of Opzelura in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo and U.S. total prescription for Opzelura grew 34% year-over-year, while refills grew 50% year-over-year. From an access perspective, we continue to see encouraging results since Opzelura moved to earlier position in Southern commercial plans, demonstrating a positive impact to net sales following the improved access. Moving to slide 10, during the second quarter we made continued progress on the reimbursement of Opzelura in Europe. Opzelura is now reimbursed in Germany, France, Italy and Spain, and the $11 million in net sales during the second quarter were mostly driven by Germany and France. We expect Spain and Italy to start contributing to revenue beginning in Q3. As shown on slide 11, Opzelura was the first therapy to gain full reimbursement in France through a new process called Acces Direct. This process has accelerated patients' ability to obtain Opzelura, while pricing negotiations were ongoing and were reflected in the increase in revenues seen in Q2. And I will now turn the call over to Pablo.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Herve, and Good morning, everyone. Since joining Incyte one year ago, the R&D organization and I have been centered on accelerating the transformation of our pipeline to expand our leadership in treating patients with inflammatory diseases, MPNs, cancer, and graft-versus-host disease. By harnessing a culture of rigorous decision-making, intense focus, and excellence in execution, we have made considerable progress in advancing our goal of delivering best-in-class and/or first-in-class differentiated medicines in areas where there are no or limited treatment options. As a result, we anticipate delivering more than 10 high-impact launches by 2030, several which are new molecular entities. As Herve already mentioned, we recently completed a strategic review of our pipeline to focus resources on programs with novel biology that hold the highest potential impact for patients. Based on available data, the evolving treatment landscape, and the evolution of our internal pipeline, we have decided to discontinue a number of programs, including our oral PD-L1 programs, our LAG-3 monoclonal antibody program, our TIM-3 monoclonal antibody program, and our LAG-3xPD-1 bispecific program. This data-driven decisions will enable us to fully realize the potential of our pipeline by delivering significant value to patients and our shareholders. With a strong sense of urgency, we plan to achieve a number of important clinical milestones in the coming months. We will advance the development of 12 new molecular entities, and we will achieve up to seven pivotal readouts as well as eight readouts that will provide proof-of-concept and new indications for existing programs or for new molecular entities. In the next few slides, I will highlight a number of these programs. In inflammation and autoimmunity, we continue to expand the breadth and novelty of our pipeline and expect to deliver multiple data sets beginning this year and beyond. We continue to evaluate the potential of ruxolitinib cream and povorcitinib across several new indications, including pediatric atopic dermatitis, prurigo nodularis, Hidradenitis suppurativa, chronic spontaneous urticaria, and asthma. With the recent acquisition of Escient pharmaceuticals, We have added two potential first-in-class medicines that aim to address a number of debilitating conditions, including chronic spontaneous urticaria, chronic inducible urticaria, atopic dermatitis, cholestatic pruritus. We believe that with introduction of these new medicines for these conditions, we will see a greater number of patients seeking treatment, who are currently underserved with available therapies or who are currently not receiving treatment. On slide 16, we continue to advance the development of ruxolitinib cream beyond AD and vitiligo to additional indications where it can provide significant value as either the first ever FDA approved therapy or first approved topical therapy for patients living with these dermatologic conditions. Based on the positive Phase III data in pediatric atopic dermatitis, the supplementary NDA submission is on track to be filed in the third quarter this year with a potential approval in 2025, which could provide an effective non-steroidal topical options for the 2 million to 3 million pediatric patients with AD in the U.S. In the most severe cases of this inflammatory disorder, pediatric AD may interfere with development, emphasizing the importance of delivering this medicine to these children as soon as possible. Now turning to slide 17. We're currently conducting a Phase III study evaluating ruxolitinib cream in patients with prurigo nodularis, a chronic skin disorder that presents as multiple firm nodules commonly located on the extensive surfaces of the extremities and that are intensely pruritic. This study is enrolling well and we're on track to report results from the pivotal study next year with a potential approval as early as 2026. With no topical therapies currently approved for PN and over 100,000 patients on treatment, we see this as an important additional option for patients and a significant opportunity for ruxolitinib cream. As shown on slide 18, we're continuing to execute a broad development plan for povorcitinib, our oral small molecule highly selective JAK1 inhibitor. Povorcitinib is currently being evaluated in Phase III studies in hidradenitis suppurativa, vitiligo and prurigo nodularis, and in randomized Phase II proof-of-concept studies in asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria, with data in both expected in 2025. Povorcitinib has already demonstrated outstanding efficacy and safety in a randomized Phase II study in moderate to severe hydrodynitis suprativa, an extremely painful inflammatory disease. As a reminder, we reported that at week 52, up to 29% of patients experience a high score 100 response, which is complete resolution of all manifestations. Povorcitinib also had rapid and profound impact on reducing pain, as highlighted in the chart on the bottom of slide 19, and represents the first potential oral therapy for the treatment of HS with the opportunity to change the current standard-of-care. The two Phase III studies, STOP HS1 and STOP HS2 are enrolling quite well given the strong Phase II data and the limited number of effective treatment options. We anticipate Phase III data in early 2025 with a potential launch in 2026. Ruxolitinib cream and povorcitinib, we believe we will be the only company to potentially provide both the topical and oral option for a number of indications, expanding their armamentarium of effective therapies for certain conditions, including HS, vitiligo, and prurigo nodularis. Moving to slide 20 and our two newest IAI programs. We are pleased to have closed the Escient transaction and now add two mass-related G-protein coupled receptor antagonists or MRGPRs, to our pipeline with significant potential in multiple indications. MRGPR antagonism is a specific novel mechanism for blocking mast cell activation independent from IgE and has been a high priority target to our IAI pipeline as a paradigm-changing therapeutic approach. Mast cells play a central role in initiation and perpetuation of inflammatory responses and their dysregulation can contribute to the development and progression of many inflammatory diseases. 262 is a first-in-class medicine, which entered the clinic in January 2023 and is currently being evaluated in three proof-of-concept clinical studies. By blocking the activation of mast cells, 262 holds great promise across a broad range of mast cell-mediated diseases as a once-daily oral treatment, potentially devoid of the side effects observed with other therapies. As a reminder, in a Phase I Healthy Volunteer Study, 262 was well tolerated at low interpatient PK variability and achieved exposures well above predicted efficacious levels. We believe the excellent safety profile along with the potential for compelling efficacy could be a key differentiator for this program. 262 is currently in a Phase 1b open-label study in chronic-inducible urticaria or CIndU and in a randomized Phase II study in chronic spontaneous urticaria or CSU with data for the studies expected during the first quarter 2025. Marked by painful and pruritic hives, CIndU and CSU are currently treated with antihistamines, but nearly 50% of patients do not experience symptom control, which can lead to anxiety, depression, and inability to work and social isolation, underscoring the need for safe and effective oral therapeutic options. 262 is also currently being evaluated in a randomized Phase II study in atopic dermatitis, and data for this study is also expected during the first quarter of 2025. There is continued need for additional safe and effective oral treatment options in AD, and we believe success in this indication could further build on our leadership in AD. 547 is a highly selective antagonist of MRGPRX4, a cell surface receptor expressed on neurons in the dorsal root ganglia that is activated by bile acids, bilirubin, and other heme metabolites, and thought to be a key mediator of the often intense unrelenting pruritus experienced by patients with cholestatic liver disease. 547 has the potential to become the first targeted therapy for Cholestatic pruritus, lacking the side effects observed with other approaches. A randomized double-blind study has been conducted in patients with Cholestatic pruritus due to primary biliary cirrhosis or PBC, or primary sclerosing cholangitis, or PSC, with clinical proof-of-concept anticipated also during the first quarter of 2025. Moving to MPNs and graft-versus-host disease on slide 24, we highlight there a number of ongoing programs where we have the goal of developing new transformative therapeutic options to build upon the significant impact Jakafi has had on patients. For our BET inhibitor, dose escalation is ongoing, both as monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib. And we have reported reductions in spring length and volume, as well as improvements in both symptoms and hemoglobin, suggesting this is an active compound. We plan to advance this program into Phase III development and expect to provide an update later this year. For zilurgisertib, our ALK-2 inhibitor, we have observed early signals of clinical activity in patients with myelofibrosis through hepacyte reduction in monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib. Zilurgisertib was well tolerated with a favorable safety profile and continuous dose escalation. We plan to provide an update later this year. As previously disclosed, we submitted a BLA for axatilimab for the treatment of third line chronic graft-versus-host disease late last year based on a positive randomized Phase II study. In February, the filing was accepted for prior review, and we anticipate an FDA decision in late August. We are excited by the possibility of bringing a new treatment option to patients with this devastating complication of hematopoietic stem cell transplant. Additionally, we anticipate initiating a Phase III trial in combination with steroids and a Phase II study in combination with ruxolitinib later this year. Building on Jakafi, which is the foundational therapy for MF and PV, we are concentrated on improving outcomes in the near-term by combining Jakafi with other therapies, as well as through approaches that have disease-modifying potential and that can significantly expand the addressable patient population to more than 200,000 patients. Our novel first-in-class anti-mutant CALR targeted monoclonal antibody has the potential to eradicate the malignant clone in patients with mutant CALR positive MPNs and to significantly modify disease outcomes. 9A9 binds with high affinity to mutant CALR and inhibits oncogenesis in cells expressed in this oncoprotein and antagonizes CALR oncogenic function, resulting in selective inhibition of JAK-STAT signaling only in CALR mutated cells with no effect on normal cells. This selectivity results in the specific killing of tumor cells harboring the mutation and is suggestive of the potential to alter the cause of the disease in patients with CALR mutant MF and essential thrombocytopenia. Mutant CALR mutations are present in approximately 25% to 35% of patients with MF and ET. The Phase I studies are currently enrolling, and we are in track to share data in 2025. As a reminder, the JAK2V617F mutation is the most common somatic mutation in MPNs and is present in 55%, 60%, and 95% of patients with MF, ET, and PV, respectively. Unlike ruxolitinib, which inhibits both wild-type and V617F mutation-positive cells, 058 selectively binds to the JAK2 JH2 site, disrupting the V617F-induced conformation and thus allowing selective inhibition of mutant activity in the JAK2 receptor, while sparing well type, making our JAK2-V617F inhibitor a potentially transformative therapy for patients with PV, MF, and ET. Data for this program is expected in 2025. Moving to our oncology pipeline on slide 29. We continue to build a robust portfolio with increased emphasis on first-in-class and our best-in-class and novel immune oncology programs with the potential for large treatment effects. Tafasitamab, currently approved in combination with the lenalidomide for patients with relapse or refractory DLBCL is on track to deliver Phase III results in follicular lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma later this year, with a potential approval in 2025. All Phase III data for first-line DLBCL in combination with R2-CHOP is expected next year. Today, we unveiled positive top-line results on two pivotal Phase III retifanlimab programs. Retifanlimab met the primary endpoints in both the squamous cell anal carcinoma and non-small cell lung cancer Phase III studies. In non-small cell lung cancer, we saw a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in overall survival. And squamous cell anal carcinoma, we observed a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in progression-free survival. Both studies show retifanlimab was generally well tolerated and no new safety signals were detected. Retifanlimab could represent the first ever PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody approved for the first line treatment of patients with SCAC. We believe that retifanlimab also has substantial strategic values in combination therapy without other programs in our pipeline, and we look forward to sharing the full results of these studies at an upcoming medical meeting later this year. Additionally, we plan a meeting with regulatory agencies to determine next steps and look forward to providing additional clarity in the coming weeks and months. Our potentially first-in-class small molecule, CDK2 inhibitor, has shown evidence of clinical activity demonstrating partial responses or stable disease in patients with CCNE1 over-expressing tumors. We expect to share this data as well as the development plan at ESMO in September. We believe our CDK2 inhibitor could be a foundational therapy for patients with ovarian cancer, as well as other CCNE1 overexpressed tumor types. KRAS mutations are one of the most common genetic abnormalities in cancer, especially lung, colon, and pancreatic cancers. Our potentially first-in-class, best-in-class KRAS G12D small molecule inhibitor, 734 is a potent, selective, and orally bioavailable KRAS-G12D inhibitor that has shown excellent efficacy in several preclinical models. With no currently approved G12D targeting agents, 734 could address an important patient need as a KRAS-D12D mutation is found in 40% of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, 15% of colorectal cancers, and 5% of non-small cell lung cancers. Our Phase I clinical trial is enrolling well, and we are on track to share initial data in 2025. The TGF-beta signaling pathway plays a complex role in cancer biology and progression with different functions in early and late-stage cancer cells. Early generation therapies have been unsuccessful due in large part to the toxicity associated with systemic pathway inhibition with our bispecific antibody inhibiting PD-1 and TGF-beta receptor to signaling on T cells. We have precisely tuned the binding arms against PD-1 and TCF-beta receptor 2, which we believe will result in the complete inhibition of TGF-beta signaling without the unwanted on-target effects. Our TGF-beta receptor 2 by PD-1 bispecific antibody has the potential to target multiple immunosuppressive pathways across a number of cancers. And if successful, could represent a meaningful contributor to our growth. We expect to share data from the Phase I program in 2025. In closing, this slide summarizes the considerable number of milestones across 2024 and 2025 that will continue the transformation of our pipeline with a strong focus on new molecular entities with the potential to make an indelible impact on patients. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Pablo, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results reflect strong commercial execution and continued growth with total revenues of $1.4 billion, up 9% versus the same period last year. Total product revenues of $907 million in Q2 were driven by demand of Jakafi and Opzelura and increased revenue contribution from Monjuvi following our acquisition in February of the global exclusive rights to axatilimab. Total royalty revenues were $137 million, up 8% compared to the second quarter of 2023, driven by an acceleration in the demand for Jakafi. Turning to Jakafi on slide 38. Jakafi net product revenues were $706 million for the second quarter. Net product revenues reflect continued demand growth with paid demand, up 9% year-over-year, driven by growth in PV, GVHD and MF. Year-over-year net sales growth was lower than the underlying demand growth due to higher channel inventory levels at the end of Q2 last year. At the end of Q2 2024, channel inventory was within normal range. Turning now to Opzelura on slide 39. Net product revenues for the second quarter were $122 million, representing a 52% increase year-over-year, driven by growth in new patient starts and refills across both AD and vitiligo in the U.S. as well as continued contribution from the commercialization of Opzelura for vitiligo in Europe. In the second quarter, Europe contributed $11 million of Opzelura net product revenues, driven by continued uptake in Germany and France. We expect contribution from Spain and Italy to start in Q3 with modest contribution in that quarter due to the impact of summer vacation in Europe. Moving on to slide 14, our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Total R&D expenses were $1.14 billion for the second quarter, reflecting the upfront consideration paid for the acquisition of Escient Pharmaceuticals. Excluding the impact of the upfront consideration related to Escient and other upfront and milestone payments, total R&D expenses were $692 million, representing a 13% increase year-over-year, due to continued investment in our late-stage development assets, the assumption of MorphoSys share of tafasitamab development costs and the timing of certain expenses. Total SG&A expenses were $306 million for the second quarter, representing an 8% year-over-year increase primarily driven by $22 million of expense related to accelerated vesting for certain Escient stock awards and severance payments in connection with the acquisition of the company. Excluding the impact of the upfront consideration related to the acquisition of Escient, SG&A expenses were flat year-over-year. Excluding the impact of upfront consideration and milestone payments, in Q2 and in the first-half of the year, total OpEx grew 8% and 5%, respectively, which is below the 9% growth in total revenues, indicating continued improvement in operating margins. Turning to Slide 41. As previously discussed, in May, we completed the acquisition of Escient Pharmaceuticals for total consideration of $783 million, including Escient's net cash on the balance sheet at close. The allocation of the total consideration resulted in a onetime expense of $691 million recorded under R&D expense and $20 million recorded under G&A expense. The remaining balance was allocated to certain assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. During June, we completed a $2 billion share repurchase program, reflecting our confidence in the future outlook of the business, the strength of our commercial product portfolio and the clinical development pipeline. In total, we repurchased and canceled approximately 33.3 million shares of our common stock, representing 14.8% of our total outstanding shares of common stock for $60 per share. The share repurchase resulted in a reduction in our cash balance and corresponding decrease to shareholders' equity. Moving on to our guidance for 2024. As a result of Jakafi's continued strong performance in the first half of the year, we are raising the low end of our Jakafi guidance from $2.69 million to $2.71 billion. For Opzelura, we expect continued growth in the second half of the year with the typical dermatology product seasonality reflected in Q3 demand in net product sales as a result of a lower number of patient visits during the summer vacation month. Moving to R&D guidance as a result of the acquisition of Asian, we are updating our guidance for R&D expense excluding the impact of the upfront consideration paid to a new range of $1.76 billion to $1.8 billion. While our strategic review of our clinical portfolio and decision to discontinue select programs does not have an impact on R&D expenses in two it creates room to aggressively pursue and invest in the development of our priority assets, and at the same time, control the future growth of R&D expenses. Finally, we are reiterating our full year 2024 guidance for other hematology/oncology products, COGS and SG&A. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call to Q&A.
Operator: Certainly, we'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hey guys, thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on the quarter. I have a question about the pipeline restructuring. Can you drill a little bit more into the key determinants of the pipeline restructuring? For instance, two questions. One is on the oral PD-L1, you had seen data, you had multiple candidates. How much did the retifanlimab data that you have from the Phase III trials recently impact this decision? Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. This is Pablo. The retifanlimab data did not have an impact on the pipeline restructuring. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the restructuring was driven primarily by two things. One, data review of the existing programs, the programs that we terminated, PDR, PD-L1, TIM-3, LAG-3 and the bispecific LAG-3 as well as a continued progression and promising data that we're seeing from the earlier-stage pipeline that is now becoming mid-stage and we'll start delivering important milestones in the next 18 months. So it was unrelated to the retifanlimab pivotal phase results. We are excited about those results, particularly the anal cancer data that we think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, could potentially represent the first PD-1 antibody for previously untreated squamous cell anal cancer.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now live.
Paul Jeng: Hi, this is Paul Jeng on for Michael. Thanks for taking our question. Are just on Jakafi, and if you could comment on some recent trends. I know you mentioned PV and GVHD as key drivers, but what are your go-forward expectations for Jakafi share in myelofibrosis, specifically in new patients in the frontline setting. You mentioned some minimal impact from competitors. Would you expect that to remain the case going into the second-half of the year and beyond? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Paul, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. So our -- so as Herve said, in fact, we're growing. It totaled patients for MF quarter-over-quarter year-over-year. were up 2%. And in fact, new patients in the quarter for MF were up more than that. In fact, we continue to see growth of MF by PV and GVHD are really the main growth drivers, if you're asking about the competition, in fact, we think those drugs pacritinib and momelotinib are being used in the second-line setting for the most part.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the continued progress with both operationally and commercially with the pipeline. I guess speaking of the pipeline, as we look towards ESMO in the CDK2, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about, I guess, what we should be looking for I guess, how definitive of data set you expect to have in terms of patient numbers at the go-forward dose? And what you're hoping to show to be optimally and over time to be optimally impactful and competitive in ovarian and also to potentially expand into breast cancer and other indications, which may be more competitive. Thanks.
Pablo Cagnoni: Certainly, so we look forward to updating on the progress of our CDK2 program at ESMO in a couple of months. As I've mentioned in my prepared remarks, our focus initially is ovarian cancer. That doesn't mean we're not doing work in other tumor types and not the CCNE1 overexpressing tumor ties but the focus of this initial update will be ovarian cancer. And what we expect to show during the ESMO presentation is data set that captures the dose escalation. We just had a range of doses with our CDK2 inhibitor and different schedules as well. and we'll provide data that we believe supports the case to continue the development of CDK2 inhibitor in patients with ovarian cancer and will provide as well as the data update, a development path for this product for this molecule in patients with ovarian cancer going forward. So it will be data update. We have a range of doses, different schedules and the data supports further development and we'll show you a development plan as well.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking our question. We had one on LIMBER. So for the ALK2 inhibitor data expected in the second-half of the year, could you walk us through what your expectations are in terms of the volume of data we may get, the amount of follow-up and what you're setting is the threshold for deciding on next steps for the program? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes, hi, it's Steven, taking your question. So you know, in terms of its mechanism of action, it's inhibit hepcidin, which then helps in terms of iron release and hemoglobin production. We've shown in prior data sets that as we increase dose, we get increase in hepcidin inhibition with some variation in the hemoglobin response, which is why we've continued to dose escalate because we've had more room to do so. In terms of treating myelofibrosis, there's both disease-related anemia as well as potentially drug-induced anemia from suppression of cytokines like erythropoietin. So the idea is to try and attend to both of those and improve patients getting anemia either from the disease or from the drug, and we'll continue to escalate. And we'll show more patients with more data at higher doses and then potentially look at are there development path there that will be potentially addressable by the compound in those settings by alleviating anemia from the disease and the drug. So it's just -- it's an updated data set at higher doses.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Lebowitz from Citi. Your line is now live.
David Lebowitz: Thank you very much for taking my question. Could you comment on the demand for PV at this point going into next year? How much impact is IRA had to this point in the numbers?
Barry Flannelly: Hi, thanks for the question. Its Barry. So PV, we believe, actually is growing because of the efficacy of the product and the disease. And in fact, the most recent data from MAJIC-PV showed that long-term efficacy for Jakafi for those patients is quite good. And we believe that, that has spurred the uptake of PV and of Jakafi and PV patients. Obviously, the IRA and the elimination of catastrophic what patients have to pay in the catastrophic coverage area, helps all patients, helps all patients who are on particularly oral chemotherapy drugs. So we're excited about that. We're glad that that's finally happened. And next year, 2025 will even be better when out-of-pocket for patients on Medicare Part D will only be $2,000. So the growth really is coming from the efficacy of the product, and we're glad that changes happen to Medicare Part D to make all oncology drugs more affordable for patients.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Eric Schmidt: Thanks for taking my question. It's on R&D spend and the portfolio prioritization. I guess, on the one hand, you've cut some programs and on the other hand, you're ticking up your R&D guidance for 2024. I presume that's in part because of the Escient acquisition. But when you think kind of big picture and strategically around how much a company like Incyte should be investing in R&D. I do think you're still the industry high in terms of R&D as a percent of sales. What is your sort of solution to what a proper investment is in R&D at this stage?
Herve Hoppenot: Eric, thank you for -- Herve here. Thank you for the question because it's obviously something that has been sort of driving a lot of our thinking in the past few months. I mean, our first approach to R&D spending is a project-specific financial rationale. So if you take any of these projects that Pablo went through and there are 12 NCIs there, you can look at does it make sense to develop it? Is that an investment that is reasonable for a product of this type. And you can go through the list from 12D to TGF beta, two, obviously, 617F and CALR and each of the project is first submitted to that test of saying, does it make sense, independently from the rest of the portfolio to develop this product. And obviously, we came to that conclusion for the projects that are moving forward and either because of certain data or because of the competitive situation, we came to the opposite conclusion for some of the projects in -- that we listed today. So that's the first thing. And then the second one is that something that Incyte can do by ourselves or should we look for other sources of financing for this project or partnering if we believe that it's something that we cannot do by ourself. And that's where we came with this list of projects where by stopping some of them, we are creating room for the new project. We are also seeing some of the historical projects coming to an end, like retifanlimab and like we will see a decrease of the investment in tafasitamab over the next few months as we are finishing the follicular study and the next year will be the end of the first-line study. So there is a movement where some projects are decreasing. Some projects are being stopped. And all of that is creating room to, as was described by Christiana, basically maintain a reasonable R&D spend in -- with improving ratios. And what Christiana just said is, as you see, the evolution of the P&L, we have been consistently improving the ratios with a decreasing percentage of revenue in R&D and in SG&A. So that's a big picture. It's going to happen at a pace that is over the next few years. It's not like a one-time event where suddenly, there is a big change in the number. But a lot of the spirit of what was described today is prioritized resources to high potential program in the pipeline. And I hope you could see from Pablo's discussion that there are a number of them and at the same time, stop programs where we are not in a good competitive position or the data is not confirming what we were expecting at the beginning of the program.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from James Shin from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
James Shin: Hi, good morning. For the LAG-3 assets, was it lack of differentiation from an existing asset that list discontinuation? Any color on what you saw or did not see from the LAG-3 would be helpful. Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. The most important point, I think, for the LAG-3 programs, both the monoclonal antibody and the bispecific was the competitive landscape, quite honestly. We are behind in both cases, far behind our competitors. There's a like three, obviously a proven combination with PD-1. And there's at least one bispecific LAG-3 that is well ahead of us already randomized trials. So that was the main determinant. And when it comes to data, we'll decide what is the right time and setting to disclose some of the data that we've seen with those programs.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan Chase. Your line is now live.
Jessica Fye: Thanks for taking my question. Looking ahead to the proof-of-concept data for the MRGPRX4 antagonist and PBC and PSC coming up next year. Should we think about the data shared by Mirum in PBC as a potential benchmark you'd like to meet I think they showed around a 2.3 point placebo-adjusted difference on the adult daily ICHRA score in PBC? And then if I could think in a bigger picture one, just for Pablo now that you've been at Incyte for about a year and have had some time to get to know the pipeline better. Where do you think investors should spend more time? And what do you think will be the company's most important pipeline assets if we look out, say, three years from now? Thanks.
Pablo Cagnoni: I think we are excited about that program, particularly in the continuous need for better pruritus control in patients with PBC and PSC, particularly PSC, there's really no good alternatives out there that have been approved. So the benchmark for Mirum is a reasonable place to start. One of the things we like about both X2 and X4, by the way, about 262 and 547 is the great safety profile we've seen so far. So stay tuned. We'll provide an update early next year. When it comes to the second part of your question, if you look at slide 14, and it's hard to pick favorites from that slide, I think that I am very excited about some of the programs in our earlier pipeline. I think that if you go vertical by vertical, I think obviously, the acquisition of Escient with both the X2 and the X4 antagonists, those are potential both first-in-class programs that address a number of potential indications. I think in oncology, the near-term CDK2 data reveal is something that we're very excited about. And I think that when you look at our TGF data receptor by PD-1 bispecific, we have taken a unique approach to those two pathways that we think could be a big differentiator. And MPNs, of course, I have to mention our mutant color and 617 programs, both of which are not just first-in-class, but they're a unique way to address patients with MPNs and potentially change disease outcomes by changing the natural history of the disease. So I think those are the areas where I would say today, we have the most excitement inside the company. And I would add by investigators outside the company that is showing by how quickly some of the studies are accruing.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Oh, hey, congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking the question. There are some recent publications showing synergistic efficacy from combining JAK inhibitors with PD-1 antibodies. Can you please share your takeaways from those publications? And does Incyte have plans to develop a JAK inhibitor, such as povorcitinib in combination with PD-1 antibodies for oncology? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes, Jay, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. There were two simultaneous publications that were intriguing showing that potentially JAK inhibition can modulate the T cell environment in a positive way and enhanced checkpoint inhibition. However, our own experience in the past has not been as successful clinically. So I don't think if you remember, but years ago, we tried JAK inhibition on its own in several solid tumors based on an inflammatory hypothesis with C-reactive protein. And unfortunately, those endeavors were negative -- we also did some work in investigating initiated work in combination with PD-1 with JAK inhibitors, although we didn't have clinical data, some of the translational data didn't show the right directional changes in T cells. But you are correct in that those two simultaneous papers has reignited some interest, and we'll relook at it. But no current R&D sponsored plans there.
Jay Olson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my questions today. With your recently completed the large care share repurchase how much capacity do you have left for further business development? And maybe walk us through some of the rationale of doing such a large-scale share repurchase versus, say, doing a larger acquisition to bolster the pipeline?
Christiana Stamoulis: Evan, it's Christiana. So first of all, the share repurchase that we did reflect the confidence that we have in the outlook of the business, both driven by the progress on the commercial front, but also very much so by the evolving pipeline and all the excitement behind the programs that Pablo discussed. So we saw a very big disconnect between the long-term value that we see in the company versus what has been reflected in the stock price, that the decision to do the share repurchase. The size of the share purchase was enabled by the fact that we have a very strong balance sheet, and we are in a position to both do big repurchase and at the same time, retain financial flexibility for more BD if we choose to do so. So we ended the quarter with $1.5 million in cash. We don't have any debt, which gives us additional firepower to be able to pursue if we decide to do so. As you saw today, we have a very exciting pipeline, so there is a lot of focus on moving forward our internal programs, but we are in a position to opportunistically bring in additional opportunities if we believe these are opportunities where we can add value.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Alex on for Mark. Thanks so much for taking my question. For Opzelura, could you quantify the impact of the preferred formulary placements you achieved for 2024? And do you view these contracts as having been successful so far? And would you maybe expect to negotiate any additional deals for the 2025 plan year?
Matteo Trotta: Hi, Alex, it's Matteo here. Yes, so the preferred position that we gained this year in CBS was one of the key contributors to the absolute growth that we are experiencing this year. In addition to that, obviously, we're seeing patients on CBS benefit from an easier and improved accessibility to Opzelura and it gives also Incyte the opportunity to better execute the support programs that we have in place for all the commercial eligible patients. In terms of expecting for the future, we have a plan for 2025, which we are executing while we speak. We'll continue to bring up some new data that we have very interesting from a PBM and [PEO] (ph) perspective, the real world evidence of Opzelura. And we expect that we continue to improve our access going forward and utilization management wherever it's feasible and possible. We're always keeping in mind that every step we take in that direction will have to be improving our net sales line.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Reni Benjamin from Citizens JMP. Your line is now live.
Reni Benjamin: Hey guys, thanks for taking the questions. I guess I'd love to get your latest thoughts on tafasitamab now that you've acquired the rights to that asset. Kind of how you're thinking about it and what the market opportunity is for frontline as well as follicular in MCL, especially given everything that you've learned from the relapsed/refractory DLBCL market and kind of the challenges there? Thanks.
Herve Hoppenot: I think -- maybe I can start, and Barry can speak in more detail. I mean the picture on tafasitamab, obviously, was -- the financial picture of tafasitamab was changed when we basically got for free the full rights for the product. I mean that was a transaction at the beginning of the year, where it puts us now is facing the two Phase III studies that we have ongoing. We will have very soon in the next few weeks, the result of the follicular lymphoma, assuming if it's positive, it would obviously give us an opportunity. It's not enormous in size, it's fairly competitive, but there is a lot of upside for the brand at the stage where we are on this new indication, it would be a large randomized study. So it will add to the clinical profile of the product across all indications. So that's the first step. And then there is a first line coming in 2025, where if positive and depending on the size of the benefit that is observed could have a larger potential for the brand. I think the positioning of Monjuvi and Minjuvi in Europe and the U.S. is really driven by the fact that the efficacy that you see is at a very low cost in terms of safety side effect. So that's the ratio of efficacy safety that we observed with Monjuvi is very unique, compared to the rest of the competition. And it has a space that I think will -- depending on the data that we see will be important. It's not going to be a brand that is in the multibillion range, but it's going to be a brand that can increase by a few hundred millions, and I think it will be a good contribution to the portfolio.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. I mean, everybody really said it all, but we are excited about follicular and marginal zone. There's combined, there's about 12,500 patients that are treated in those settings in the second line plus setting. So yes, it's competitive, but particularly for follicular lymphoma. R-squared is currently the market leader in the second line setting in follicular lymphoma and obviously, adding tafa to it, we hope to improve the outcome for patients. And in the first-line setting for disease large B-cell lymphoma when we have that data next year and hopefully, the addition of tafa to R-CHOP will actually improve the lives of patients. In fact, we're hoping to obviously improve cure rates, and there's 30,000 patients in our frontline diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patients. And then our study is really concentrating on IPI 3 and higher. So anyway, so the opportunity for us is there as long as the data is what we hope it to be. I think we'll have success, as Herve said, but in both situations, diffuse like B-cell lymphoma and in indolent lymphoma, it's a very competitive market, but we think we have a profile of the drug that physicians and patients will want to use.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Kelly Shi from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, god morning. This is Clare on for Kelly. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on the quarter. So just a quick one on Opzelura. Could you help us understand the growth in that trend during the quarter? And how should we think about it in the upcoming quarter? And what's the kind of latest mix you're seeing between atopic dermatitis and vitiligo how are you thinking about the pediatric uptick in 2025?
Christiana Stamoulis: Let me take the first part of the question regarding Opzelura and gross to net. So gross to net in Q2 was broadly in line with where we were last Q2. So the growth really was driven by demand here. In terms of going forward, as we have discussed in the past, we are not focusing on gross to net in isolation, but on net sales. And that is where the focus is. if there are situations where we believe that there is an opportunity to improve positioning to improve access by giving some additional discount, and that would lead to disproportionate increase in demand, and therefore, net sales, we are going to pursue it. But looking at gross net in isolation is not something that we will be doing and providing a separate forward guidance for gross to net.
Matteo Trotta: Yes. And I can take the other two pieces, Matteo here. One is the split between atopic dermatitis and non-segmental vitiligo, which is currently 60-40. And it's a great indication for us because when we see the split being consistent, the growth is coming from both indications, and then the third piece of your question, I believe, was on the sizing the potential of the pediatric indication. We see definitely the one -- the potential label expansion of Opzelura for patients 12 to 11 years old in atopic dermatitis a driver of continuous growth. The patient population is quite sizable. We see 2 million patients with AD in the age range and mostly treated with TCIs and TCS today. So a great opportunity for us and in terms of sizing, we see the contribution to our total AD business in the future from pediatric indication in the range of 10%, 15% of their business, which is fairly in line with what we see from other therapies in the same space for the same age range.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Andrew Berens from [Leerink Partners] (ph). Your line is now live.
Andrew Berens: Hi, thanks, and it's Leerink Partners. We're glad to have moved beyond that stage of our existence. But a couple of questions. I was wondering if you can give us some color on the Jakafi XR program, it seems as if you could have the PK/PD data this year? And should we plan on getting an update ahead of the stability data? And then for the CALR and JAK2 selective programs. I know it's early, but what do you think a pivotal program would look like? Would the endpoints be similar to Jakafi with SVR35 rates? And would you have to compare the Jakafi head-to-head? Or would you start in later stages of the disease and move forward? Thanks for taking my questions.
Steven Stein: Hey, Andy. Its Steven, thanks for your question. On Jakafi XR, as Pablo had in his slides, he pointed to the pivotal BE data, the bioequivalence data come in, in the early part of 2025 next year. And then as the stability delivers towards the sort of third quarter, that's when we would file that indication should everything be directionally correct and then get an approval in 2026. So that's within what we said we would deliver for XR and we await that pivotal BE data for which the study is starting very soon. For CALR and V617F, again, to expand on Pablo's comments, it's still early days with both programs, obviously, in dose escalation with enormous promise in terms of a totally new mindset around disease modification dash potentially cure, because of eradication of the malignant clone. And in those entities, I mean, it's still early days, we'd have to discuss with regulators is they are completely another way of viewing the diseases and not look at the traditional JAK inhibition pathway for SVR35 and total symptom score in terms of eradicating the clone and removing the malignancy and the associated morbidity from it, there are potentially other regulatory pathways, which we'll explore at that time. So thank you for bringing it up because it could be a completely new way of thinking about those entities.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Gavin Clark-Gartner from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Hey, guys. I just wanted to ask another question about tafasitamab. What are your latest thoughts on developing in autoimmune diseases? And how are you making that decision? Thanks.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. So look, as Herve mentioned, when we acquired full rights for tafacitamab early this year and knowing that we have a near-term pivotal readout as well as another one next year, led us to rethink a little bit about whether the level of investment in that program is adequate. And quite honestly, we're in the middle of that process. We're obviously aware of all the data with CD19 targeted therapies in autoimmune disease. We're conducting a full evaluation as well as interactions with external scientists to really understand, a, what's the opportunity for taf at this point in AI from the mechanistic point of view. What's the competitive landscape? What does it look like? And what are the remaining opportunities that we can go after with a reasonable and prudent level of investment. So we're doing that evaluation literally as we speak. We'll have an update probably on that later this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. On the back of the portfolio prioritization and the Escient acquisition, do you feel comfortable at the current time that you can offset Jakafi LOEs and grow beyond as well? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot:
.: We are speaking of 12 NCEs that we have in development. I mean, that would be each of them with the potential that is meaningful, that would be certainly way more than what we need to just compensate for Jakafi. So the view and obviously, it will depend on the clinical success we have with this project. But the view is that today, our portfolio is very much giving us a growth profile that goes beyond the Jakafi patent exploration.
Operator: Thank you. We reach the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Ben Strain: Thank you all for participating in the call today and your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Incyte First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ben Strain, Associate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ben. 
Ben Strain: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Before I begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of our website to find the press release, related financial tables and slides that follow today's call. On today's call, I'm joined by Herve, Pablo, Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks; Barry, Steven and Matteo will also be available for Q&A.  
 I would like to point out that we'll be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. I will now hand the call over to Herve. 
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the quarterly results, I'm pleased to share that Matteo Trotta, has recently joined Incyte as General Manager of our U.S. Dermatology business unit reporting to me. Matteo comes to us from Novartis where he was responsible for the immunology business in the U.S., and he will be leading the U.S. Dermatology team at Incyte to continue to grow Opzelura, prepared for the launches of povorcitinib and other promising IAI pipeline product in the coming years.  
 Now turning to our Q1 results. Total revenue grew 9% in Q1 versus last year, and I will discuss in the next slide the details of the underlying demand growth for Jakafi and Opzelura to clarify the performance of both brands in Q1. 
 Starting with Jakafi on Slide 6. In the first quarter, Jakafi net product revenue of $572 million does not fully reflect the demand growth as total patients increased 5% in the first quarter versus the same quarter last year, with growth driven by PV and GVHD. Sequential growth versus Q4 was also strong in all indications, as you see on the graph on the right.  
 Jakafi channel inventory reduction in the first quarter had a negative impact on net revenues of approximately $55 million. Based on the strong patient demand since this quarter, and anticipated growth for the balance of the year, we are reiterating our full year 2024 Jakafi net revenue guidance of $2.69 billion to $2.75 billion.  
 Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Jakafi total paid demand by indication during the first quarter of '22, '23 and 2024. As you can see, total paid demand growth in the top left corner continues to be strong. MF in the top right is consistent year after year, and the largest growth is coming from PV and GVHD. 
 Additionally, Jakafi continues to maintain its leadership and market share in myelofibrosis. Based on market research, total patient market share and discontinuation rates have remained stable in the first-line setting over the past several months, with virtually no impact from competitors, which has been consistent with our expectations.  
 Moving to Opzelura. Total Opzelura net product revenues in the first quarter were $86 million, up 52% when compared to the same quarter last year. The weekly prescription trend, as shown on the right of Slide 8, reflects continued growth of Opzelura in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo, with typical Q1 seasonality. U.S. total prescriptions for Opzelura grew 41% year-over-year, outpacing the total ED market, which grew 23%. The ED market, including Opzelura was impacted by the Change Healthcare cyber-attack, particularly in March. Importantly, we are beginning to see in April a rebound in filled prescription to levels seen before the cyber-attack.
 From an access perspective, we have seen early encouraging results since Opzelura moved in January to preferred position in the [ CBS ] network as TRx growth within the CBS network outpaced growth in other plans.  
 Moving to Slide 9. As discussed in the past, we are on track to provide 10 high-impact launches by 2030. Importantly, many of the programs highlighted on this slide are derisked as they are post proof of concept, including axatilimab, which has been submitted to the FDA for approval, ruxolitinib cream in Pediatric AD to be submitted to the FDA in Q3, and povorcitinib, where we are in Phase III in HS and vitiligo and initiating a Phase III study in prurigo nodularis later this year.  
 Moving to Slide 10. In addition to our internal efforts to deliver multiple launches by 2030, we recently announced an agreement to acquire Escient Pharmaceutical for $750 million with cash on hand. This acquisition further strengthens our pipeline with 2 novel first-in-class medicines, EP262 and EP547, which has the potential to treat a broad range of inflammatory disorder. 
 I will now turn the call over to Pablo. 
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Herve, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we continued to make solid progress across our pipeline, which is focused on 3 areas: MPNs and graft-versus-host disease, oncology and inflammatory diseases. 
 In MPNs and graft-versus-host disease, we initiated a Phase I study earlier this quarter with a JAK2V617F inhibitor. As a reminder, the JAK2V617F mutation is the most common somatic mutation in myeloproliferative neoplasms and is present in 55%, 60% and 95% of patients with MF, ET and PV, respectively.  
 Unlike ruxolitinib, which inhibits both wild-type and V617F mutation positive cells, 058 selectively binds to the JAK2 JH2 site, disrupting the V617F induced confirmation and thus allowing selective inhibition of mutant activity in the JAK2 receptor while sparing wild type. Together with our anti-mutant CALR program, these 2 potentially disease-modifying programs represent a fundamentally new approach to addressing MF, ET and PV, and could help to solidify our leadership in MPNs. 
 As previously disclosed, we submitted a BLA for axatilimab for the treatment in third-line chronic graft-versus-host disease late last year. In February, the filing was accepted for prior review and we anticipate a decision by the FDA in the second half of 2024. We are excited by the possibility of bringing a new treatment options to patients with this devastating complication of hematopoietic stem cell transplant.  
 In oncology, we continue to build out a robust pipeline with the potential to deliver meaningful innovation for patients. This quarter, we initiated a Phase I study with our KRASG12D inhibitor,  INCB161734. 734 is a potent, selective and orally bioavailable KRASG12D inhibitor. And as highlighted at AACR earlier this month, it has shown excellent efficacy in several preclinical models.  
 With no currently approved G12D targeting agents, 734 could address an important patient need as the KRASG12D mutation is found in 40% of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, 15% of colorectal cancers and 5% of non-small cell lung cancers.  
 In dermatology, we continue to maximize the potential of ruxolitinib cream and povorcitinib and believe the acquisition of Escient Pharmaceuticals will substantially expand our IAI pipeline by adding 2 first-in-class medicines with the potential to address a number of medical needs. 
 The key driver of our interest in Escient is our MRGPRX2 program. MRGPRX2 is a specific novel mechanism for blocking mast-cell activation independent from IgE and has been a high-priority target to add to our IAI pipeline. EP262 is a first-in-class medicine, which entered the clinic in January of 2023 and has been evaluated in Phase II studies. 
 In the Phase I healthy volunteer study, EP262 was well tolerated, had low interpatient PK variability, and achieved exposures well above predicted efficacious levels. EP262 is currently in a Phase Ib open-label study in CIndU and in 2 randomized Phase II studies in CSU and atopic dermatitis, with data for all 3 studies expected by early 2025. 
 EP547 is a potent and highly selective antagonist of MRGPRX4. MRGPRX4 is expressed on neurons in the dorsal root ganglia and specifically activated by bile acids that are increased in cholestatic patients. Initial evaluation is being conducted in cholestatic pruritus with clinical proof of concept for cholestatic pruritus associated with PBC and PSC, anticipated by early 2025. A number of exciting readouts are expected by early 2025 with a potential first launch in CSU by 2029.  
 At AAD earlier this quarter, we presented additional data from the randomized Phase II study of ruxolitinib cream in patients with mild to moderate hidradenitis suppurativa reinforcing the potential ruxolitinib cream in this indication. The study met its primary endpoint, demonstrated a significantly greater reduction in abscess and inflammatory nodule count compared to control at week 16, and further reinforces the efficacy and safety profile of ruxolitinib cream. We are currently engaging with the FDA to obtain agreement on a potential Phase III design. 
 We also presented positive data at AAD from the randomized Phase II study evaluating povorcitinib in patients with prurigo nodularis and are on track to initiate a Phase III study in the coming months. As highlighted on Slide 21, the study met its primary endpoint of a 4-greater-point improvement in the Itch Numerical Rating Scale score, which was achieved by significantly more patients, who received povorcitinib across all dosing groups at week 16 versus placebo.  
 We believe that with ruxolitinib cream and povorcitinib, we will be the only company with the ability to potentially provide both a topical and oral option for a number of indications, including prurigo nodularis, hidradenitis suppurativa and vitiligo.  
 We continue to make important progress in the first quarter by achieving several clinical and regulatory milestones. Within our oncology pipeline, we believe that our potentially best-in-class CDK2 inhibitor is an active agent, and we look forward to sharing data as well as our development plan later this year. 
 In addition, the pivotal trial of tafasitamab in patients with follicular and marginal zone lymphoma, also known as inMIND, will read out later this year, and we look forward to sharing those results. 
 With the BLA for axatilimab submitted late last year, we look forward to working with the FDA to make axatilimab available to patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease later this year and to initiate additional combination studies in patients with less pretreated chronic graft-versus-host disease.  
 Within our dermatology portfolio, we expect to submit the sNDA for Opzelura for pediatric atopic dermatitis and expect multiple data readouts throughout the year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update. 
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Pablo, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflect continued strong growth with total revenues of $881 million, up 9% versus the same period last year. Total product revenues of $730 million in Q1 were driven by demand growth for Jakafi and Opzelura and increase revenue contribution from Monjuvi following the acquisition in February of the global exclusive rights to tafasitamab. The product demand growth was partially offset by an anticipated reduction in channel inventory for Jakafi and the typical Q1 dynamics for Jakafi and Opzelura. 
 Total royalty revenues, which are primarily comprised of royalties from Novartis for Jakafi and Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly for Olumiant were $126 million, up 9% compared to the quarter of 2023, driven by strong demand for Jakafi. Total revenues included $25 million upfront payment received under our collaboration and license agreement with CMS for the development and commercialization of povorcitinib in China and select other Asian countries. 
 Turning to Jakafi on Slide 26. Jakafi net product revenues were $572 million for the first quarter. Net product revenues reflect continued demand growth with total patients up 5% year-over-year, driven by growth in PV and GVHD and continued stable demand in MF. As a result, we experienced the highest quarter paid demand for Jakafi since launch. 
 As expected in Q1, we saw patients that were on free drug in the fourth quarter of 2023 returned to paid demand and a related decrease in channel inventory levels. As you may recall, channel inventory levels increased by $46 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 In the first quarter of this year, we saw a drawdown in channel inventory, which had $55 million negative impact on net sales versus the first -- fourth quarter of 2023. While we expect channel inventory to remain around the levels we ended in Q1, buying decisions of our customers can't always be predicted. 
 In addition, net sales in the first quarter were impacted by the typical Q1 higher gross net deductions as a result of both contributions to close the Medicare gap and commercial copay assistance. 
 Turning now to Opzelura on Slide 27. Net product revenues for the first quarter were $86 million, representing a 52% increase year-over-year, driven by growth in net new patient starts and refills across both AD and vitiligo as well as early contribution from the commercialization of Opzelura for vitiligo in Germany, Austria and France. As expected, Opzelura net product revenues in the first quarter reflected the typical Q1 seasonality and the reset of deductibles and copays at the beginning of the year. Beyond the typical Q1 dynamics Opzelura product revenues were impacted by the cyber-attack on UnitedHealth Change Healthcare unit. 
 Moving on to Slide 28 and our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Total R&D expenses were $429 million for the first quarter, representing a 6% year-over-year increase, which was primarily as a result of the progression of our pipeline. Total SG&A expenses were $300 million for the first quarter, representing a 5% year-over-year decrease driven by the timing of direct-to-consumer marketing activities and certain other expenses. 
 Now turning to the acquisition of Escient Pharmaceuticals. Under the terms of the agreement, we will acquire Escient for $750 million in an all-cash transaction. We believe Escient 2 lead programs offer a multibillion-dollar potential, commercial opportunity across multiple indications and have the potential to contribute to our revenue by 2029. In addition, we expect to be able to realize synergies by leveraging our current development and commercial capabilities and infrastructure. We anticipate the acquisition to become effective by the third quarter of 2024, and other approximately $5 million per month in incremental R&D expense. Depending on the timing of the close, we expect the acquisition to add $20 million to $30 million to the full year 2024 R&D expenses. 
 Finally, following this acquisition, we'll continue to have a strong balance sheet, which will -- allows us to consider additional opportunities. As of the end of the first quarter, we have $3.9 billion in cash and no debt. 
 Moving to our guidance for 2024. Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Escient, we are reiterating our full year 2024 guidance for Jakafi, our other hematology/oncology products, COGS, R&D and SG&A. 
 Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Kelly Shi from Jefferies. 
Dingding Shi: So for Opzelura, could you give us some more color on the gross-to net for the rest of the year? And what is the latest review you see in both AD and vitiligo? And I also have a follow-up. 
Christiana Stamoulis: Kelly, it's Christiana. Let me take the first part of the question, and then I will turn it to Matteo to comment on the second part. So in terms of the gross-to-net in the first quarter, it was at the same level as last year Q1, so at around 60%. Going forward, as we have previously discussed, we will not be making forward-looking comments on gross-to-net. Our focus is on maximizing the potential of Opzelura, and by this, I mean the maximizing net sales versus looking at gross-to-net in isolation. 
Matteo Trotta: And on the split of business between the 2 indications, when we look at the IQVIA data, triangulated with external and internal sources, we see a 40-60 split consistent over time, where 40% is non-segment of Vitiligo and 60% is atopic dermatitis. And we're very happy to see that both indications are growing at quite a healthy pace. 
Dingding Shi: And also at AAD Dermatology conference, we saw the data of topical [ ruxolitinib ] cream in both Hurley Stage I and II, HS patients. Could you share what kind of physician feedback do you hear? And also, how do they see or manage in both Hurley Stage I and II and 2 patients for novel topical drug like Opzelura needed to manage disease in this specific population? 
Steven Stein: Yes. Thank you for the question. It's Steven. So the milder type of HS still represents about 100,000, 150,000 patients in the United States. It still has morbidity and unmet need, and these patients have abscesses and nodules that cause them discomfort and morbidity and lends itself to a topical treatment because it's not as extensive as the moderate and severe, which has fistulas, et cetera. So we conducted this PoC study and saw this data, which is extremely encouraging in this mild stage of HS in terms of abscess and nodule decreases. And as Pablo said in his prepared remarks, we're now working with regulators to get an appropriate endpoint in this entity for which no drug is approved and has this unmet need I spoke about. 
 To the specifics of your question, the physician and KOL feedback is excellent. I mean they were surprised by the efficacy seen with topical agent in this entity. So we're excited about it as well. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Lebowitz from Citi. 
David Lebowitz: Could you comment on Jakafi growth dynamics going forward given IRA and shift to the out-of-pocket expenses for patients? 
Barry Flannelly: Sure. As you saw from our guidance, $2.69 billion to $2.75 billion, we're very optimistic about the continued growth of Jakafi. Obviously, we benefit in the IRA because as we talked about before, we have the small biotech exemption. 
 So beginning in 2025, for example, with the reduced out-of-pockets for patients, it really just helps the patients, of course, but we don't have to contribute that 20% to catastrophic that other oral drugs will. 
 So we think there is a benefit in 2024 for the reduced out-of-pocket in Medicare Part D being around [ $32.50 billion ] for patients for the entire year and then next year, being [ 2000 ] all patients who are taking oral oncology drugs, I believe, will benefit, but we continue to see our growth, as Herve pointed out, coming from PV, GVHD and in myofibrosis were very stable and remain the market leader in that setting. 
David Lebowitz: Would you be able to comment further on whether -- how growth in 2025 might look vis-a-vis 2024 given these dynamics? 
Barry Flannelly: No. We obviously said we're still confident about $3 billion plus by the time we hit 2028, so that's what we're still confident in. And so we think that '24 and '25 should be just fine. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist. 
Srikripa Devarakonda: On Jakafi, Herve, you mentioned that you see very little impact on Jakafi's share from competitors. Can you talk a little bit about whether the competition has changed the average duration on Jakafi? They do go on to Jakafi in the frontline, but is there any -- are you observing people getting off of Jakafi sooner? And also for the BET inhibitor combination, there was a recent report of increased AML incidents in patients on the Jakafi/BET combo for a competitor. I just wanted to get your insights into how this may or may not impact your internal BET program? 
Barry Flannelly: Kripa, I'll take your first call, and then I'll hand it over to Pablo for the second part of your question. So for Jakafi share from competitors. There really hasn't been any impact on our duration of therapy or discontinuation rates at all, certainly in myelofibrosis. So we're very confident. We remain the market leader. Other JAK inhibitors may be used in the second line, third line setting. If anything, the market size itself is growing because now patients will go on 1, 2, 3 therapies, and I'll hand it over to Pablo for the second part of your question. 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, thank you for the question. So I mean, obviously, I'm not going to comment on data from other companies. Our BET inhibitor program, as we've discussed, is going very well, and we'll discuss additional data over the course of the year, and we're planning a potential pivotal trial going forward, which we'll unveil later this year. Reviewing the data from our internal program, we have, at this point, no concerns over the safety when it comes to AML transformation. 
 Now you -- I'm sure you know that if you follow a number of patients with MF for long enough, some of them will have transformation to AML as part of the natural history of the disease. But at this point, we have no concerns with our program. 
Operator: Next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. 
Michael Schmidt: I had a question on povorcitinib and again, commenting about another data set. But I just wanted to get your insight on the reasons RINVOQ head-to-head study against Dupixent and AD and whether or how that impacts perhaps your view on the potential of povorcitinib across various dermatology indications? 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, Michael, thank you for the question. Now we've seen the data. Obviously, it's an impressive data set. At this point, as you know, we have a number of studies ongoing with povorcitinib. We've had internal discussions about the potential to extending the trials of povo to atopic dermatitis. What I can say right now is we're encouraged by the data from RINVOQ. I think that it's an indication that povo could work very well in this disease. We have not made an internal decision that -- yet as to whether to develop povorcitinib in atopic dermatitis yet, but it's certainly something we're contemplating. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen. 
Marc Frahm: Maybe just start. One, just following up on the prior BET question. Can you -- were your comments just based on the clinical data you're seeing in those concern of AML? Or maybe can you speak to preclinically because I believe that BET inhibitor from a competitor has shown genotoxicity in some preclinical assays. Has yours shown genotoxicity? 
Steven Stein: Yes. It's Steven answering your question. So just to reiterate Pablo's remarks and remind you that our BET program was in the clinic a while ago in solid tumors. And then we've obviously pivoted to study myeloproliferative neoplasms. We've treated close to 200 patients to date. And in the clinical data set, which is the most powerful, as Pablo said, we have no concern as regards AML transformation or any concerns that we've seen in that regard. From a prior preclinical work on things like AIMS assay and genotoxicity, et cetera, we also have no issue, and we are aware of the issue with the competitor drug that was seen in preclinical work. 
Operator: Next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. 
Brian Abrahams: I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the Jakafi dynamics. What's your explanation -- or I guess what do you think is the best explanation for the sequential downtick in total Jakafi demand? Was that something that's just seasonally related that you typically see in first quarter? 
 And then I guess, on the competitive front, I'm curious why you think you're not seeing any impact at this point to market share or patient persistence? Is this something you might expect to change going forward? Or would you expect market share and persistence to remain stable based on sort of what you're hearing in terms of market research and on the ground KOLs discussions? 
Herve Hoppenot: Maybe I can start on the uptick. I mean what we said, and you can see on the slide is that, in fact, there is an increase in the number of patients treated across all 3 indications in Q1 versus Q4, and there is a growth that you can see on the so-called paid-demand graph also that shows that versus last year there is a lot of growth in PV and GVHD. 
 So the unit growth of Jakafi sequential to Q4 and versus Q1 of last year is there and fairly visible. So reason for the sequential growth versus Q4 is what we discussed when we discussed Q4 a few months ago is that there was an abnormal free drug ratio in Q4 that has been completely fixed in Q1. So we are back to normal rates of free drug in Q1. 
 Now on the competitive side, maybe Barry, if you want to speak of why we don't see the impact of the new competitors. 
Barry Flannelly: Sure. I think, in fact, the new competitors, let's take [indiscernible] and momelotinib as examples, there -- as far as we can tell from all of our market research, from all of our experience working with hematologists, they're all being used in the second-line setting or maybe in patients that have very, very low platelets, for example. So we anticipate because of really the overall survival benefit of Jakafi, because of the tolerability of Jakafi, because of the symptom release of Jakafi, it's a great drug, and it will continue to be very useful to patients who have myelofibrosis going forward. 
Operator: Next question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. 
Vikram Purohit: So we had 2, one on LIMBER and then one on Opzelura. So on LIMBER, were the ALK2 PoC data set we're expecting to see by the middle of the year, could you just frame for us kind of what the scope and size of the data set is going to be? And what you would define as sufficient for continued development for that program based on what we see for that PoC data set? 
 And then secondly, on Opzelura, I just wanted to revisit the topic of potential guidance and see when you think might be a good potential time to provide revenue guidance for Opzelura since you mentioned that it seems like the script shared seem stable between AD and vitiligo? 
Steven Stein: Vikram, it's Steven. So on your first question, just reminding of ALK2's mechanism felt to work through hepcidin inhibition and then ameliorate anemia by releasing iron and make it available for hemoglobin production. As we've already shown in multiple presentations, we can decrease subsiding levels. The question you get into, does this translate to some sort of clinical benefit? Just to remind you of the study, it has 3 groups, treatment group A, B and C. A was monotherapy, B was in combination with RUX, but those were in later-line patients. And the real focus right now, as you can see on clintrials.gov is treatment Group C, which is the treatment-naive group of patients to see in combination with RUX will help make an effect that will be of clinical benefit to patients, either by raising hemoglobin or preventing the decrease that sometimes occurs with JAK inhibition. 
 And then if we're able to demonstrate that as we dose increase in the second half of this year, then we'll have a clinical proof-of-concept that we can then potentially take forward to a regulatory environment, but we'll have to be clear that we are benefiting patients from a clinical benefit point of view in that treatment-naive group, and we'll have that data set second half of this year. I'll turn it over for the second question. 
Christiana Stamoulis: Vikram, it's Christiana. I'll take the second part. As we discussed on our last call, before we provide guidance for Opzelura, we are looking to have more real world data on utilization, especially for vitiligo. And data that goes beyond that first initial phase of therapy, which may represent a phase of experimentation by patients. So we are still early into the launch. We are still going through that initial phase of patients on therapy. So we're waiting for more real-world data before we are in a position to give you guidance. 
Operator: Next question today is coming from Derek Archila from Wells Fargo. 
Derek Archila: Just 2 quick ones from us. I guess, first, just on Jakafi. As you noted, the Jakafi growth coming from GVHD and PV. So I guess, what does this mean for future assumptions around myelofibrosis? I know you said stable, but how should we be thinking about that for the rest of this year? 
 And then in terms of CDK2, I guess, where do you think the bar is right now, I guess, from a PPP? And I guess what do you intend to show this year for proof-of-concept? 
Barry Flannelly: I'll take the first part of your question, it's Barry. So for Jakafi, we continue to see myofibrosis -- the way I look at the myelofibrosis patient population, there's about 18,000 patients, prevalent patients with myelofibrosis. And because we're the market leader, because of the overall survival and symptom benefit that Jakafi provides, we will continue to think of patients as either being on Jakafi, which is most of the myelofibrosis patients or they have been on Jakafi or they will be on Jakafi. When they progress on Jakafi, then there's other options, fortunately, that are available to them. But going forward for 2024 and beyond, we continue to expect to be the market leader in first-line myelofibrosis. And I'll turn the call over to Pablo. 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. So in our CDK2 inhibitor program, we continue to be encouraged by the data that we've seen. And regarding your part of your question about what data we're going to reveal later this year, we're in the final stages of optimizing the dose for the CDK2 inhibitor program. Our idea will be later this year to provide a substantial clinical data set, including the dose selection for patients. Initially, the focus will be ovarian cancer, but not necessarily only over the longer term as well as we are starting combination trials in ovarian cancer, and we're continuing to enroll patients with breast cancer. 
 So later this year, you will see the dose selection as well as the data for ovarian cancer as well as the development plan in ovarian cancer. 
 When it comes to the bar for efficacy, if you look at the CDK2 inhibitor landscape today, most of our competitors have decided to focus on breast cancer or other areas. We continue to believe that ovarian cancer is an important opportunity. Other competitors in the space like ADCs are coming into play. We're tracking those closely to figure it out what is the overlap between the different patient populations in different -- with different molecular markers. But basically, in the second part of the year, later this year, we'll provide clarity on dose, schedule and the development plan in ovarian cancer patients. 
Operator: Next question today is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan. 
Jessica Fye: First, on Opzelura, is it possible to quantify the impact of the Change Healthcare issue for that product? And what about for Jakafi, was that impacted at all by the Change Healthcare issue in the quarter? And then on povorcitinib, the Phase III studies in vitiligo, I noticed on clinicaltrials.gov, it looks like there's a single primary endpoint of F-VASI75 for the Phase III trials, whereas RINVOQ, I think, has 2 primary endpoints of F-VASI75 and T-VASI50. So what's the rationale for only having a single primary endpoint here relative to the competition? And how do you expect that to kind of play out based on the end points you're studying? 
Matteo Trotta: Thank you, Jessica. I'll take the Change Healthcare on Opzelura. What we see at the end of February that there was this cyber-attack reported pretty much caused the network interruption for a few weeks. So as a result, the Change Healthcare was unable to process the claim for a few weeks. When we looked at -- when we deep dive in the data, we saw a softer March when you look at the entire atopic dermatitis market basket that we monitor, and that caused an estimate of $4 million to $5 million negative impact from Opzelura in Q1. The good news for us is that we're monitoring April, and we see demand, weekly demand back on track to the levels we saw pre-cyber-attack and the more recently. 
Barry Flannelly: And Jessica, just on Jakafi, we may have actually had an impact from Change Health, but we don't know. We did have when it first happened some request from specialty pharmacies that wanted extended terms for payment. But we really can't see a big impact because most of the specialty pharmacies were able to switch over to the other system that provides the service for the specialty pharmacies. 
Steven Stein: And then just to address your question on povorcitinib in vitiligo, we have 2 identical Phase III studies ongoing STOP-V1 and STOP-V2 in patients 18 years or older with 5% or greater body surface area involvement of non-segmental vitiligo. It's a little tricky on the endpoints. But just to tell you, our primary end point for the FDA in the United States is actually identical. It's facial-VASI75 and Total VASI50. For other parts of the world, there may be a different primary endpoint. For example, in Europe, they're interested most in the Total-VASI50. So that leads to some of the confusion. But for our study, for the FDA, it's both Facial-VASI75 and Total-VASI50, together measured at week 52. 
Operator: Next question today is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. 
Tazeen Ahmad: On Opzelura, can you -- and I'm sorry if I missed this in your prepared remarks, but can you talk about refill rates for patients maybe now that have been on therapy for a few quarters? Can you talk about how you're seeing their use of tubes? What's the average use of tubes is? I'm just curious that if patients are having good results with the cream, whether they're taking many drug holidays in between when they don't have as much itch, for example? 
Herve Hoppenot: Yes. Matteo, can add to the comment. I mean the picture in terms of refill rate has been the following, is that -- in atopic dermatitis, we have observed a refill that is slightly north of 2 tubes per patient. And that's relatively stable. Now it's still increasing a little bit, but it is relatively stable. 
 In vitiligo, it's moving very quickly, and we are not yet at the steady state. It is a situation where we see, unfortunately, that there are patients who are not complying with the treatment as it was prescribed, and we are obviously working with physicians and patients directly to improve it. 
 And as you know, I mean from the experience we had in the clinical trial, we are estimating that if we are successful, it will be around 10 tube per patient, but we are still at the number that is lower than that today when you try to look at patients who have enough history. So do you want to speak about what we are doing on the marketing side. 
Matteo Trotta: Yes. The only comment that I can add is on -- just in this quarter, we're launching a very promising adherence program that we we're confident will impact -- will continue to impact the refill rate growth that we see across both indications, AD and Vitiligo. 
Operator: Next question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. 
Salveen Richter: Could you just give us an update on how the ex U.S. launch of Opzelura is progressing with the addition of France at this point? And how you're thinking about the pediatric uptake in 2025? And if I could also just ask 1 on business development. Post the recent acquisition, you still have significant balance sheet capacity. Could we see you do meaningful M&A in the near term on top of Escient? 
Herve Hoppenot: Okay. So maybe starting, I'll take the first part about the European launch because, in fact, there is a lot of activities going on there. As you know, we launched in Germany and Austria. So that's the base that we have. Recently, we are part of Accs Direct, which is a French process where you can commercialize your product while you are negotiating the price. So what you see in the numbers today is that there are around $2 million that are recognized sales from France. And it's a sort of an estimate with a conservative price per tube that we are using to do that. But the process there is moving very well, and we anticipate by the second half of the year to be fully reimbursed and paid for at a good price in France. 
 And we have now in Italy and Spain agreement on the price where we will be launching between midyear and the second half of the year in both countries. So Germany, Italy, Spain and France will be fully operational by Q3 and will be contributing to the top line. There is also some smaller countries in Europe where the process is ongoing, and there is always the big question mark of the United Kingdom, England, where, as you know, the pricing discussion can take more time, and we are in the process there. 
 So it's a very positive outcome for Opzelura in Europe because we got reimbursement now in many countries and most of the large countries. And we see a very good uptake of the demand in terms of volume in the countries where it's available, specifically in France. 
 Now the second part of your question was about the pediatric uptake in the U.S. when we get approval. So maybe, Matteo, if you want to speak about that? 
Matteo Trotta: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. And we're very excited by the potential opportunity to help 2 million, 3 million children in the U.S. And we see data consistent with what we would expect. So pending FDA approval, we are excited by another contribution and tailwind to our top line. This is a patient population that maybe the parents will be a little more sensitive to our box warning, but at the same time, it's 2 million, 3 million patients and children that we potentially have the opportunity to help going forward. 
Herve Hoppenot: On the business side, maybe, Christiana, you can... 
Christiana Stamoulis: Yes. Sure. So Salveen, as you commented on, we have a strong balance sheet, and we'll continue to have a strong balance sheet following the Escient acquisition. So as of the end of this quarter, we have $3.9 billion of cash. We don't have any debt, which obviously that could give us additional firepower. So that puts us in a position to be able to look at additional opportunities. And that's something that we are continuing to explore. 
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Eric Schmidt: Maybe just following on Salveen's question on capital redeployment. Can you talk about your broader strategy there about also whether you consider returning cash to shareholders in the form of a dividend or a share buyback in addition to potentially using cash to expand your business? 
Herve Hoppenot: I can take that. I mean it's -- we have been speaking about acquisition and external opportunities, which is obviously one very clear goal for the corporation is to diversify our revenue in the future and to increase to the growth coming from the current portfolio that we have. So that's one option. And obviously, as we are doing with our Board, there are discussions about alternatives to that. But today, as you have seen with Escient, I mean, there are opportunities that are very much in the range of what we are looking for in terms of timing and in terms of therapeutic areas, and that would be of an interest. So we are basically looking at both. 
Operator: Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. 
Jay Olson: Congrats on the progress of your KRASG12D. It seems like Incyte is increasingly focused on targeted oncology versus immuno-oncology. Can you describe your strategy in oncology? And Also, how are you planning to leverage your oral PD-L1 for your targeted oncology programs, in combination with your KRASG12D, or do you plan to develop additional KRAS inhibitors? 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. So thank you for the question. So your observation is correct. We are moving more aggressively into targeted oncology and trying to shift away from immuno-oncology. And that's a journey that has started a little bit over a year ago, and we intend to accelerate in the future. The idea here is well-defined patient populations, large treatment effect ideally single-agent activity with early proof-of-concept, and that will allow us to have much more efficient drug development process to accelerate some of these programs. 
 We're very excited about the G12D program. We think it has the potential to be best-in-class. And as you point out, one of the things that we can leverage is we have access to what we believe is the most advanced for sure, oral PD-L1 inhibitor, and that will allow us to do oral-oral combinations in patients with a range of indications. And that applies also to the rest of the pipeline. And as I mentioned, that journey will continue to accelerate in the future. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. 
Matthew Phipps: I guess I'll ask about the CALR-mutant antibody and data in early 2025, will that be monotherapy or mono and Jakafi combo and also myelofibrosis only or also including essential thrombocytopenia? And I guess just from a high level, the combination with Jakafi, is that primarily to provide faster symptom relief? Or do you think it is just kind of necessary to achieve efficacy for the antibody? 
Pablo Cagnoni: So we haven't decided exactly the scope of the data disclosure for the mutant-CALR antibody later this year. What I can tell you is that plan is to combine the mutant-CALR antibody with Jakafi. And the idea there is, as you know, and we pointed out many times, Jakafi has a profound effect on symptom relief in these patients, which we believe, early in the management of the disease, could be very important even in the presence of a mutant-CALR antibody. The idea of mutant-CALR antibody here, as you know, is to transform -- is to change the treatment objective to really eradicate the malignant clone. But still a potential early treatment or induction with Jakafi could be very, very helpful for patients. 
 And regarding the other part of your question. Yes, we will have data in MF and ET as well. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets. 
Evan Seigerman: Two from me. One, just taking a step back looking at P&L management. How do you think about being most efficient with your OpEx? And then kind of a follow-up there. Would you ever consider using some of your balance sheet to, say, do buybacks, especially with the stock in the [ $50s? ] 
 And then just as you think about your positioning in the derm space, a lot of focus on Opzelura. Where do you want to win over the next 5 years when it comes to derm? Where do you think Incyte is best suited to really take share? Maybe you can walk me through some of the most exciting parts of your pipeline in your view. 
Herve Hoppenot: Okay. So I think the first question was about the efficiency of the spending. So as you see, I mean, we have in our P&L, we had a relatively -- this quarter, we had a very flat SG&A and a relatively slower growing R&D. And that's what we have been speaking about for years now is basically growing the top line at a faster rate than we are growing both components of the expenses and increasing leverage. So that's sort of happening. They are depending on the event on the quarterly, it's not always at the same rate, but it's clearly the direction that we are taking. 
 Concerning the buyback, I spoke about it. What I'm basically saying is that nothing is excluded from discussions, and that's something that is certainly part of the current dialogue. And now in the dermatology, maybe, Pablo, if you want to speak about, or Steven, on the... 
Pablo Cagnoni: I'm happy to comment. Look, I think what we're building is an important portfolio of first-in-class or best-in-class in some cases, best-in-disease medicines in the - I would expand the questions in the inflammation space. 
 And I think that was a key driver of the acquisition of Escient to complement that with 2 first-in-class medicines, 262 and 547, that can really address a range of indications. We believe that, that added to the portfolio that we have with povorcitinib, which is [indiscernible] pipeline within a drug, we can win across a range of indications by providing patients and payers with a portfolio approach to some of these diseases, including prurigo nodularis, atopic dermatitis and now the new inflammatory diseases. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Reni Benjamin from Citizens JMP. 
Reni Benjamin: Just a couple of quick ones. One on Jakafi XR. Can you provide any sort of an update as to how that's progressing? And as you think about the strategy going forward, is this something that you're already starting to evaluate in combinations? Or do you only start doing that after an approval? 
 And then just as a follow-up, tafasitamab, just wanted to get your thoughts on the FL, MCL data that's coming out. Is this is really going to be meaningful from a commercial perspective versus the real opportunity in first-line DLBCL, which is expected in 2025? 
Steven Stein: So Ren, it's Steven answering your question. So as Pablo said in remarks earlier this year, the XR process is underway with the regulators in terms of doing bioavailability and then followed by BE work. That will include stability. So it's about a 2-year process, which we expect to complete in a way in time for the LOE. And the idea there is obviously to have the once daily available in time. It doesn't change any of our FDC work. We can still do fixed-dose combination work with BET and ALKs. We need to do, and we continue to progress those. 
 In terms of tafasitamab, the studies are complete, both in mind and front mind. So the low-grade follicular and marginal zone lymphoma study will be in the second half of this year. And in the first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma probably in Q1 2025. And we await that data. We know we have an active -- very active and well-tolerated regimen in lymphomas, and we look forward to that data. 
 As someone also brought up earlier there, and Pablo said, there's also interest now potentially in autoimmune work with CD19 antibodies, and that's something we're just looking at, at the moment. 
 To the meat of your question, yes, we very much expect the data to be meaningful with a well-tolerated active regimen, and we look forward to those data sets. 
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Gavin Clark-Gartner from Evercore ISI. 
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Just wanted to ask one quick clarification on the CALR data. Did you note that you're planning to show some of that data later this year? Or could that still be a 2025 event? 
Pablo Cagnoni: We haven't provided specific guidance. I think we said 2025. So if I imply 2024, I apologize for misunderstanding but it's -- 2025 is the goal. 
Operator: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments. 
Ben Strain: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for questions throughout the day. Thank you and goodbye. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Incyte Fourth Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ben Strain, Associate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ben.
Ben Strain: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of our website to find the press release, related financial tables and slides that follow today's discussion. On today's call, I'm joined by Herv, Barry, Pablo, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and will participate in the Q&A. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. I will now hand the call over to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. So, on Slide 5, we achieved another strong year with 2023 product and royalty revenues growing 14% versus 2022 to reach $3.7 billion, continuing the strong performance we have delivered since 2018. We also achieved [a symbolic] (ph) milestone in the fourth quarter. Total product and royalty revenue reached $1 billion quarterly for the first time, driven by the continued growth of Jakafi and successful launch of Opzelura. So, moving to Slide 6, 2023 Jakafi net sales were $2.6 billion, growing 8% versus the prior year with growth across all indications year-over-year. And Opzelura saw strong momentum in 2023, growing 162% to $338 million, driven by new patient and refills in both AD and vitiligo. We expect Opzelura to continue to be a key contributor to growth in the next year. On Slide 7, our clinical pipeline has the ability to deliver transformative therapies to patients across multiple programs and provides the opportunity for 10 high-impact launches by 2030, as presented recently in San Francisco. Importantly, some of the programs highlighted on this slide are de-risked as they are post proof of concept, including axatilimab, which has been submitted to the FDA for approval, RUX cream in pediatric atopic dermatitis to be submitted to the FDA by mid-year, RUX cream in HS where we have randomized Phase 2 data, and povorcitinib, where we are in Phase 3 in HS, vitiligo and in PN, where we are on track to initiate a Phase 3 study this year. Each of these programs have the potential to address a significant market and provide an opportunity to contribute to the top-line before the end of the decade. I would also like now to highlight the recent transaction with MorphoSys on Slide 8. As described in the press release we issued last week, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with MorphoSys, which gave us exclusive global rights for tafasitamab, also known as Monjuvi or Minjuvi. This acquisition provides a number of benefits to Incyte in the short term. First, going forward, we will now record all revenues from Monjuvi in the US, while eliminating MorphoSys' share of the royalties ex US and all future milestone to MorphoSys. Second, we will realize significant operating efficiencies and cost synergies in US commercialization and in global development by removing redundant position and redundant external expenses and by simplifying the org chart. Therefore, in 2024, this deal will add to Incyte's revenue and will have a limited impact on operating income. For the future, while the currently approved indication of relapsed/refractory DLBCL represents a smaller opportunity for tafasitamab, we see upside potential in second line follicular lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma with Phase 3 data expected later this year and in first line DLBCL, for which Phase 3 data are expected in 2025. These programs have been co-funded by MorphoSys until now and, if positive, Incyte will fully benefit from the upside from this indication. And this acquisition will be value accredit for Incyte in all scenarios. I will now turn the call over to Barry, who will discuss our commercial performance in more detail.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Starting with Jakafi on Slide 10. In the fourth quarter, Jakafi net product revenue grew 7% year-over-year to $695 million and grew 8% for the full year to $2.6 billion. Total patients increased 6% in 2023, with growth being seen across all indications. We experienced some variation in Jakafi dynamics during the fourth quarter, including an increase in patients on free drug as well as an inventory fluctuations. Recall, inventory grew down modestly in Q3 and rebounded in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we anticipate the increase in patients on free drugs seen at the end of 2023 to reverse and return to more normalized levels through 2024, supported by the lower out-of-pocket expenses under the Part D redesign. Christiana will provide more details on these dynamics in her prepared remarks. We continue -- and we expect continued growth of Jakafi and have updated the full year net product revenue guidance for 2024 to a range of $2.69 billion to $2.75 billion. As highlighted on Slide 11, Jakafi continues to maintain its leadership and market share in MF, driven by its unmatched product profile. Based on market research, other competitors have not had an impact on Jakafi in regards to total patient market share or new patients, and is consistent with our expectations. Jakafi demand remains strong and we expect continued future growth driven by maintaining its leadership as standard of care in myelofibrosis, growth opportunities in polycythemia vera and chronic graft-versus-host disease, as well as earlier use in chronic GvHD. Additionally, we anticipate the positive changes in out-of-pocket expenses for Medicare Part D patients to contribute to the growth in the coming years, with the biggest impact starting in 2025. Turning to Slide 12 and Opzelura fourth quarter performance. Opzelura net product revenues in the fourth quarter were $109 million, up 78% when compared to the same quarter last year. Total 2023 full year net sales grew 162% versus 2022 to reach $338 million. US patient demand increased during the quarter with total prescriptions growing 77% year-over-year and refills growing by 22% versus the prior quarter. The weekly prescription trend, as shown on the right, demonstrates typical end of Q4 dynamics, as well as the continued growth of Opzelura, which is coming from both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. In AD, growth was primarily driven by Opzelura's efficacy and impact on inflammation and itch. In vitiligo, where Opzelura is the only approved treatment for repigmentation, growth was driven largely by refills, improved access and our educational initiatives. We remain very optimistic about the long-term potential of Opzelura as we continue to see strong uptake. The launch continues to be strong and it's gaining positive momentum with both physicians and patients as Opzelura becomes established as one of the best recent dermatology launches. Looking at the first 27 months post FDA approval, Opzelura continues to outperform other dermatology products on a launch aligned basis when measured by monthly dermatologists prescribed TRxs on the left and when comparing quarterly net revenues on the right. The successful launch of Opzelura is driven by its compelling product profile, its ability to address significant unmet need in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo and our strong market access relative to competition where we continue to improve access and growing net sales. Turning to Slide 14, we have a number of initiatives in place for Opzelura to drive demand in 2024 in both AD and vitiligo. We know that based on Opzelura's compelling efficacy and safety, healthcare professionals want to use Opzelura sooner in the treatment algorithm. In addition to securing improved access for 2024, we are also continuing to look for ways to improve utilization management and we have an exceptional value proposition that supports these advancements. For vitiligo, we continue to drive patient awareness through consistent marketing campaigns with the goal of educating and inspiring these patients with positive real-world patient experiences. We believe this will drive further demand and activate patients to discuss treatment options with their dermatologists. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pablo.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. I want to highlight some of the key R&D milestones that we accomplished in 2023 and to provide a framework for how we are evolving our R&D focus with near-term goals to increase the rigor of our decision making, accelerate the progression of our pipeline and to optimize our resource allocation. As you can see on Slide 16, we have three areas of focus where we're building a robust and diverse portfolio of medicines for the treatment of MPNs and graft-versus-host disease, oncology and inflammatory diseases. We're advancing a pipeline to deliver impactful innovation with a focus on best-in-class and our first-in-class differentiated medicines in areas with large unmet medical needs. Our discovery process is targeting pathway-centric and leverages cross program knowledge and deep biology expertise in our established disease areas of interest to identify and prosecute novel targets as well as disease and genotype-specific dependencies with a mortality agnostic approach. In addition to our established small molecules expertise, we have expanded our drug discovery capabilities to include monoclonal antibody discovery in-house and have access to bispecific antibody discovery capabilities through our partnership with Merus. Turning now to Slide 17, we made significant advancements across all three priority areas of focus in the R&D portfolio in 2023. In MPNs and graft-versus-host disease, we submitted the BLA for axatilimab for the treatment in third line chronic graft-versus-host disease. We presented updates for our BET and ALK2 inhibitors in MF and highlighted our new potentially transformative therapies for MF, PV and ET, our mutant CALR monoclonal antibody, which is enrolling well in a Phase 1 study and our JAK2 V617F inhibitor for which we plan to initiate a Phase 1 study in the next month. In oncology, we initiated several monotherapy and combination studies with our small molecule oral PD-L1 inhibitor and highlighted early signs of clinical activity with our small molecule CDK2 inhibitor. Additionally, we unveiled a new program in development, our KRASG12D inhibitor, which entered the clinic earlier this year. Steven will provide more detail on the KRASG12D program in his prepared remarks. In dermatology, we continue to maximize the potential of ruxolitinib cream. In 2023, Opzelura was approved in Europe for vitiligo as the first and only approved treatment for repigmentation. We also presented positive Phase 3 data in pediatric atopic dermatitis and announced that the primary endpoint was met in a randomized Phase 2 study in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa. For povorcitinib, we presented a positive randomized Phase 2 data in vitiligo and initiated two Phase 3 studies for patients with extensive vitiligo. We also announced that povorcitinib had met the primary endpoint in a randomized Phase 2 study in patients with prurigo nodularis, and we initiated two randomized Phase 2 studies, one in patients with asthma and another in patients with chronic spontaneous urticaria. We believe that with ruxolitinib cream and povorcitinib, we'll be the only company with the ability to address a broad spectrum of patients from mild to severe, potentially providing both the topical and oral option for a number of indications, including prurigo nodularis, hidradenitis suppurativa and vitiligo. Apart from an exhaustive list of all the R&D achievements in the past year, this demonstrates that 2023 was a very successful impactful year for Incyte and it serves as a foundation for a number of pivotal trials that will deliver results in the next few years. As you can see from Slide 18, we anticipate that 2024 will be another very exciting year with multiple clinical and regulatory milestones. Steven will provide more details on these, but I would like to highlight certain events. Within our oncology pipeline, we believe that our potentially best-in-class CDK2 inhibitor is an active agent and we look forward to sharing data as well as our development plan later this year. In addition, the pivotal trial of tafasitamab in patients with follicular and marginal zone lymphoma, also known as inMIND, we'll read out later this year, and we look forward to sharing those results. We submitted a BLA for axatilimab late last year and we look forward to working with the FDA to make axatilimab available to patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease later this year and to initiate additional combination studies in patients with less pre-treated chronic graft-versus-host disease. Within our dermatology portfolio, we expect to submit the sNDA for Opzelura for pediatric atopic dermatitis and expect multiple data readouts throughout the year. With that, I would like to pass the call to Steven, who will provide further details on our clinical development pipeline.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Pablo. Starting on Slide 20, in December, we presented more than 40 hematology and oncology abstracts, including a plenary presentation at the ASH Annual Meeting. Key highlights included a plenary scientific session, which featured the full data from AGAVE-201, evaluating axatilimab, an anti-CSF-1R monoclonal antibody in patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease and additional data from the Phase 1/2 study of zilurgisertib, Phase 1 data from our BET inhibitor and preclinical data of the JAK2V617F inhibitor. For our BET inhibitor, dose escalation is ongoing. In monotherapy and in combination therapy, we are seeing reductions in spleen length and volume as well as improvements in both symptoms and hemoglobin, suggesting that this is an active compound. We plan on advancing this program to Phase 3 later this calendar year. As we get closer, we will provide additional details on study design and timing. Based on the efficacy and favorable safety profile seen in the Phase 2 AGAVE-201 pivotal study, the BLA for axatilimab was submitted to FDA for approval for the treatment of patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease. We anticipate a decision by the FDA in the second half of 2024 and are excited by the possibility of bringing a new treatment option to these patients. We continue to expand and advance our IAI and dermatology portfolio, as seen on Slide 22. For ruxolitinib cream, we recently presented positive Phase 3 data in pediatric patients, where RUX cream met its efficacy endpoints for both Investigator Global Assessment treatment success and EASI-75. We expect to submit the sNDA by the middle of 2024 with potential approval in 2025. We also disclosed that RUX cream met the primary endpoint in the Phase 2 study in mild to moderate hidradenitis suppurativa, and we expect to present those results at a medical conference later this year, while a Phase 3 study is being evaluated. Ruxolitinib cream is also currently being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies in prurigo nodularis and two Phase 2 studies in lichen planus and lichen sclerosus, with data expected for both later this year. Povorcitinib, our oral JAK1 inhibitor is currently being evaluated in Phase 3 studies in hidradenitis suppurativa and vitiligo, and we have recently announced that povorcitinib met the primary endpoint of greater than or equal to a 4 point improvement in the itch NRS across all three treatment groups in a Phase 2 study in prurigo nodularis. We expect the full data set at a medical conference later this year and Phase 3 planning is underway. Our earlier stage dermatology program, our IL-15 receptor beta antibody, has begun evaluation in healthy volunteers. Moving to Slide 23. Last week, at the European Hidradenitis Suppurativa Foundation Conference, we presented additional data from the open label extension of Phase 2 study of povorcitinib in HS. As a reminder, povorcitinib demonstrated dose dependent efficacy in patients with HS during the initial placebo control period at week 16. The data presented demonstrate that treatment with povorcitinib through week 52 resulted in a decrease in disease severity as classified by the International HS Severity Scoring System, or IHS4. At week 52, a significant decrease in disease severity was observed with approximately 25% of patients achieving an IHS4 score of zero, which represents the complete resolution of abscess, nodule and draining tunnels. On Slide 24, an additional analysis was maintenance of response, which demonstrates that povorcitinib treated patients who achieved a response at week 16 were likely to maintain the HiSCR response through week 52. Both of these datasets build upon povorcitinib's potential as a best in disease medicine for patients suffering from HS. As a reminder, two Phase 3 studies evaluating povorcitinib in HS, STOP-HS1 and STOP-HS2, are ongoing and enrolling very well. Our high-potential oncology pipeline is currently focused on three advanced programs. The first is tafasitamab, which has currently been evaluated in two Phase 3 studies in patients with follicular and marginal zone lymphoma and in patients with previously untreated diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. We're expecting Phase 3 results for follicular and marginal zone lymphoma or the inMIND study in the second half of this year with the first line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma front line study readout in 2025. The second is our small molecule oral PD-L1 program. We have multiple ongoing studies as monotherapy or in combination with other agents such as axitinib, adagrasib and ipilimumab, and we expect to have combination data later this calendar year. And the third program is our small molecule CDK2 inhibitor, where we recently announced early signs of clinical activity with multiple patients demonstrating partial responses. We expect to share data as well as the development plan later this calendar year. On Slide 26, we recently announced that INCB161734, a potent, selective and orally available KRAS G12D inhibitor recently entered the clinic in a Phase 1 study. This program has shown encouraging preclinical anti-tumor activity in xenograft models with no currently approved G12D targeting agents could address a high unmet need. As a reminder, the KRAS G12D mutation is found in approximately 40% of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, 15% of colorectal cancer, and 5% of non-small cell lung cancer, and could thus represent a significant opportunity for Incyte if successful. In summary, we anticipate a number of upcoming pipeline updates in 2024, including sharing top line results from both the Phase 2 studies in RUX cream in HS and povorcitinib in PN at a medical conference in the first half of this year. Second half of the year is looking to be catalyst-rich period, as highlighted on Slide 20, that we anticipate -- includes but is not limited to an approval with axatilimab, Phase 3 results from tafasitamab and the initiation of a number of Phase 3 studies including with our BET inhibitor. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. 2023 was another year of strong financial performance with total product revenues of $862 million for the fourth quarter of the year and $3.2 billion for the full year, representing a 13% and 15% year-over-year increase, respectively. Total royalty revenues, which are primarily comprised of royalties from Novartis for Jakavi and Tabrecta, and royalties from Lilly for Olumiant were $150 million in the fourth quarter and $523 million for the full year, up 13% and 8%, respectively, compared to 2022. Total revenues grew 9% in the fourth quarter compared to the prior-year period, reaching the $1 billion mark, an important milestone for Incyte. For the full year, total revenues were $3.7 billion. Turning to Jakafi on Slide 30. Jakafi net product revenues were $695 million for the fourth quarter and $2.6 billion for the full year 2023. In 2023, Jakafi net sales grew 8% compared to the prior year. Jakafi sales were negatively impacted by a significant increase in free drug in the fourth quarter of the year, driven by an increase in the number of patients seeking support from Incyte's Patient Assistance Program. The impact of the increase in free drug was more than offset by an increase in channel inventory levels. This increase was in anticipation of patients moving into paid demand starting in Q1 of 2024. The increase in Q4 channel inventory levels represented $46 million in sales. Turning now to Opzelura, net product revenues for the fourth quarter were $109 million, representing a 78% increase year-over-year, driven primarily by increased patient demand. For the full year, total Opzelura net product revenues were $338 million, representing a 162% increase compared to the prior year. Moving on to Slide 32 and our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Total R&D expenses were $444 million for the quarter, representing an 11% year-over-year decrease, which was primarily as a result of the $70 million upfront payment made as part of the Villaris acquisition in Q4 2022 and partially offset by the $20 million development milestone payment to former Villaris shareholders in the fourth quarter of 2023. For the full year 2023, total R&D expenses were $1.6 billion, representing a 3% year-over-year increase. This increase was primarily due to the progression of our pipeline and was mainly offset by lower upfront and milestone expenses in '23. Total SG&A expenses were $294 million for the fourth quarter and $1.16 billion for the year. The year-over-year increase of 8% for the fourth quarter and 16% for the full year were mainly due to increased sales and marketing activities for Opzelura in both the US and Europe, unfavorable effects and timing of certain G&A related expenses. Moving on to 2024, I will now discuss the key components of our guidance on a GAAP basis, which includes revenues and expenses related to the recent acquisition of the exclusive global rights to tafasitamab, but excludes any potential impact related to the accounting treatment of the $25 million purchase price paid. For Jakafi, we expect net product revenues to be in the range of $2.69 billion to $2.75 billion, on track to achieve our long-term guidance of over $3 billion in net product revenues by 2028. We expect net product revenue growth to be driven exclusively by continued demand growth, and be partially offset by lower net pricing as a result of IRA imposed price increase caps and continued growth in 340B volumes. As in previous years, we expect the gross to net adjustment to be higher in the first quarter of the year relative to the previous quarter and subsequent quarters due to the higher deductibles and our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients, which are primarily impacting the first quarter of the year. While for Opzelura we will not be providing full year guidance at this point, in the first quarter, we expect to see again the effect of typical Q1 dynamics on net sales, including higher patient out-of-pocket costs due to the planned deductibles resetting at the beginning of the year and the impact of holidays, medical conferences and other events on dermatology product sales. As of a result, Q1 Opzelura net product revenues are expected to be below the previous quarter and the subsequent quarters and represent a smaller share of the full year net product revenues, consistent with what we saw in 2023. For other hematology/oncology products, which now include Iclusig, Pemazyre, Monjuvi and Minjuvi, we expect total net product revenues to be in the range of $325 million to $360 million, which at the midpoint represents approximately 47% growth over 23%. Turning to operating expenses on a GAAP basis, we expect COGS to range from 7% to 8% of net product revenues, which is in line with 2023. R&D expense is expected to be in the range of $1.72 billion to $1.76 billion, representing 7% growth at the midpoint versus 2023, primarily driven by the progression of our pipeline. We expect SG&A expense for the year to be in the range of $1.21 billion to $1.24 billion, representing 6% year-over-year growth at the midpoint, primarily driven by the inclusion of sales and marketing expenses associated with Monjuvi in the US under SG&A, whereas prior to the acquisition of full product rights, they were included under the collaboration profit or loss share. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hey, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. On Jakafi myelofibrosis, thank you so much for providing the market share details on patients and share of new patients. I was just wondering if you anticipate stabilization of Jakafi share at these levels. And if collaborative were to be approved in combination with RUX, presuming it happens sometime next year, should we expect to see an inflection point? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: So, stabilization of market share in myelofibrosis. So Jakafi, as you know, is the leader in myelofibrosis because of its safety, efficacy, overall survival, and really tolerability, which is really a big advantage. We think that myelofibrosis will continue to be the largest portion of our patient share until polycythemia vera patients ultimately take over, because you know those stay on for long period of time. Your question around pelabresib, if and when it gets approved in combination with Jakafi, of course, that's a good thing for us. If in fact the profile of the drug is as it appears or the combination is as it appears, then many physicians may choose to use that combination and Jakafi will only benefit, but we have to wait and see what happens with the approval process.
Kripa Devarakonda: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Andrew Berens from Leerink. Your line is now live.
Andrew Berens: Hi. Thanks. Wondering if you guys could expand upon the development of Jakafi XR in light of the recently announced bid by Novartis for MorphoSys. Does Novartis' control of Jakafi outside the US impact how you're thinking about developing your BET inhibitor? Do they have any direction or say in any of the directions of the XR version of Jakafi? And then also just wondering if you think that an add-on drug to Jakafi in MS still requires a symptomatic improvement as an endpoint for regulatory endorsement, or do you think that there's been a material change in thinking at the agency?
Herv Hoppenot: So, let me take the piece about our agreement with Novartis on Jakafi and Steven can speak about the development of XR. So, the agreement is such that both parties can be co-developing new formulations of ruxolitinib in oncology, including the once a day. It has not been the case yet, but there is still an optionality for Novartis to co-develop XR if they wish, and that would mean that they would be able to commercialize the XR formulation outside of the US, but not in the US, where, obviously, it will be commercialized by Incyte.
Steven Stein: And then, Andy, I'll take the other part of your question. So, for RUX XR, as Pablo communicated at the ASH Investor event, we have now clear feedback from the FDA that we need to do a new formulation strength, which are already developed, which are slightly higher and then demonstrate the EBA with those primarily around Cmin and AUC. That's the clear guidance from the FDA. And we estimate this should be completed in a two-year process, so well before the LOE. It doesn't affect our development of FTCs, fixed-dose combinations, with any of our products. So that continues. For our BET inhibitor, again, we showed data at ASH and alluded in my prepared remarks, we have clearly an active compound showing very good rates of spleen reduction, both volume and length, very good symptom improvement and occasional hemoglobin increases, just like seen with the other BET inhibitor. We have been operating like other companies under the assumption that at least in first line, you need SVR35 and symptoms to date to get approvals. I can't comment on where they are in their regulatory progresses or how the FDA may change in that regard. But that has been the standard to date. Thank you.
Andrew Berens: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had one on povorcitinib. So, as we think about the opportunity for this drug in multiple indications, I believe the HS Phase 3 trial is most advanced. Could you talk a bit about your expectation on how the drug may be positioned relative to some of the biologics in HS, be it HUMIRA or some of the IL-17 antibodies? And then, also, in PN, where you had the positive top line data last year. Dupixent is obviously approved here. Again, could you talk a bit about how the drug might be fitting into that treatment paradigm relative to Dupixent? Thanks so much.
Steven Stein: Michael, hi, it's Steven. I'll start with your question. Thank you for the question. So, povor in HS, we think we have outstanding efficacy data, which we've now updated with a 52-week data that shows prolonged effect that's maintained. And so remember, this is a JAK1 specific agent, about 50-fold selective for JAK1, has a long half-life and a very high volume of distribution, which may translate to more penetration in the skin, which is why we see this degree of efficacy showing to date. Both Phase 3 STOP-HS1 and HS2 are enrolling very, very well. So that probably speaks to also some of the belief out there in the agent, and that is clearly our lead indication as you alluded to. It's hard to always cross-compare with many caveats to other studies where the drugs aren't directly compared and you spoke about the IL-17 here and the biologics, and clearly, there's some variable activity there. You have to look at placebo corrected rates. But I think ours tackles multiple aspects of the disease pathophysiology, not just one interleukin. And as I said, the drug profile with a long half-life and high volume of distribution may lend itself to increased efficacy here. Obviously, time will tell with the Phase 3 data. It will be a once daily oral tablet, which offers that sort of convenience. In PN, what patients suffer from primarily is intense itching. And again, our Phase 2 proof of concept data is very strong in terms of the itch relief here and the ability to eliminate that symptom pretty quickly, as well as over time, disease resolution in the actual skin manifestations. There is, as you allude to, an approved agent there in Dupixent, but that has provided us the regulatory pathway on the way to go in terms of itch resolution and skin change resolution. And again, we'll offer the once-daily oral convenience. We think we'll have a really good agents in terms of high efficacy there. So, we're excited about this program as well. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. We had two on the pipeline. So first, for the ALK2 program, you've guided to POC data by mid-'24. We were just wondering what we can expect to learn with this update and what you will be reviewing specifically to decide what the next step of development could be for this program. And then secondly, for the mutant CALR antibody, when can we expect to see initial Phase 1 data there? And what are you hoping to establish to get conviction that the program is headed in the right direction? Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. This is Pablo. So, for the ALK2 inhibitor program, what we're in the process of doing, and we need to establish this efficacy in a larger number of patients with newly diagnosed MF in combination with ruxolitinib. And that's what the team is focused on right now and as we mentioned at ASH last December. So, we continue to push the dose. We need to get to doses of around 400 to 600 milligrams a day in order to get the maximum effect on hepcidin. Two, we need longer duration of therapy in a larger group of patients in combination with RUX. So, that will happen over the course of the year. We haven't provided a specific timeline for when we're going to disclose the data. But as we mentioned at ASH last year, it would happen this year. And we'll provide clarity on what the next steps for that program are. On the second question for the mutant CALR antibody program, we started dose escalation very recently, as you know. That study is accruing very well. The initial goals like for any first-in-human study, obviously, to establish that this monoclonal antibody is safe, get a good view of the pharmacokinetics in this first-in-human study and establish initial evidence of efficacy, which, in this case, will be by traditional endpoints in MPNs and also potentially a view on the effect of the mutant CALR monoclonal antibody on a real burden in some of these patients. That will happen over the course of the year. We haven't decided yet when we're going to present data, whether it's this year, whether at some point in 2025.
Vikram Purohit: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [Anumeet] (ph) on for Salveen. Thank you for taking our question. We had one question on Opzelura. Outside of the 1Q dynamics that you spoke to, can you help us understand the forward launch trajectory in AD and vitiligo in the context of reimbursement and access and also gross to net in order to be fully able to capture the opportunity as you have additional indications coming in, in the coming years? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So of course, as far as launch trajectory, we're continuing to launch very well in both AD and vitiligo. We continue to expect growth in vitiligo just based upon our educational efforts directed both at patients and healthcare professionals. We know that the profile in AD in terms of its itch relief and clearance of the skin is unmatched for any therapy, topical therapy. We even believe that in AD, for example, the profile is so good that as far as payers are concerned, they're interested in the fact that more than 80% of the patients will be clear and have their itch relieved and can delay or not even go on to biologics. So, we think those dynamics are good for both AD and vitiligo going forward, and we can -- we're looking forward to future growth. I'll turn the call over to Christiana to talk about gross to net.
Christiana Stamoulis: So, in terms of gross to net, first of all, when you look 2023, the average gross to net was around 55%. Our goal is to maximize the value of Opzelura and maximize net sales. If going forward we make the decision to provide any additional discounts, it would be because we expect that this will improve access and we'll have a disproportionate impact on volume and thus lead to higher net sales. So, as such, our comments are going to be focused on net sales versus gross to net in isolation.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Derek Archila from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Derek Archila: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. So, one just piggybacking on the last. Just in terms of Opzelura, is there, one, any chance we get an update in terms of potential guidance this year? And then, will you ever look to kind of break out both kind of the vitiligo and AD kind of scripts or sales, if you could figure that out? And then, secondly, just on tafasitamab, I guess, can you quantify maybe the incremental growth opportunities you see for this asset in the follicular and marginal zone lymphoma indications? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So, as far as breaking out AD versus vitiligo, I think we've said before, it's about 60% currently for AD, 40% currently for vitiligo. It could be changing a little bit. Ultimately, we expect vitiligo total tubes perhaps surpass AD. AD patients are many new patients always come on for atopic dermatitis, and in vitiligo, it's about continued use and refills. As far as Monjuvi tafasitamab goes, obviously, we're looking forward to, hopefully, positive data in follicular lymphoma, indolent lymphoma and in first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. So, we think there's great opportunities ahead for these two indications. We think it's a great drug for lymphoma. Obviously, it's a crowded marketplace, but we think the profile of the drug and the trials we put together for those two new indications are going to serve us well in the future.
Herv Hoppenot: But in terms of calibration of follicular lymphoma, we need to see the Phase 3 data. It's a fairly competitive place. There are a lot of new products. So, we need to see the Phase 3 data before we can give you a good calibration of that. I mean, the number of patients we are speaking about in the US is around...
Barry Flannelly: Well, there's [29,000] (ph) patients in first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. There's about 13,000 patients in second-line plus in follicular lymphoma in the United States.
Derek Archila: Got it. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Lebowitz from Citi. Your line is now live.
David Lebowitz: Thank you very much for taking my question. You said that the fourth quarter revenues were negatively impacted by the number of Medicare Part D patients receiving free product. Could you perhaps elaborate on this? And also, looking ahead to 2024 and '25, you spoken about how IRA dynamics could shift, which will drive PV share. Could you possibly give us some way to quantify the potential impacts of this shift over time? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: So, to answer the first question, in Q4, we saw a significant increase in patient seeking assistance from Incyte in the form of free drug, of course. We know that these were paid patients who had Medicare Part D and our assumption is these patients were receiving financial assistance from independent charitable foundations to cover their out-of-pocket expenses. This assistance was no longer available to them apparently at the -- towards the end of the year. And of course, they came to us and they met our eligibility criteria for free drug. With the changes in Medicare in 2024, as you know, the out-of-pocket in 2024 for Medicare Part D is greatly reduced. Therefore, we expect these patients to return to being paid patients. And in fact, we know already that many of these patients already have. In terms of 2024, 2025 and the changes to Medicare Part D, we think it's been very positive. We've been saying it for a long time that these co-pay out-of-pocket cost for patients -- cancer patients who are in Medicare Part D was very much too high and should be reduced. And in fact, they probably are still too high. But because of the way it happens in 2025, $2,000 maxim out of pockets, they can spread that out over throughout the year. So, they pay about $167 per month for a 12-month period. We think that there's lots of patients perhaps over the years who have walked away who have abandoned drug because they could not afford these out-of-pocket cost. We think that there's an opportunity at least for those patients who abandon drug or just thought they could not afford the drug now that the Medicare Part D is greatly reduced, they could come back -- so come back or option into drug therapy now. So...
David Lebowitz: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Jessica Fye: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of follow-ups on some of the previous questions. What's your expectation for the proportion of Jakafi patients receiving free drug in 2024? And then, on Opzelura, for Europe, how are you expecting the average price to shake out for vitiligo? And can you recap your latest thinking on pursuing AD there? And then, in the US, I think you mentioned that recent script trends reflect kind of normal year-end seasonality. Is that to say you expect a volume reacceleration near term? I wasn't sure how to reconcile that with some of the other 1Q comments you made about Opzelura. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Okay. I'll try to answer the first and third question, maybe ask Herv to talk about Europe. So, the expectation for free drug is easy for Jakafi. It's been 3% to 4% of our volume for years and years and years. We expect it to go back. We think this is a one-time exceptional thing that happened because of the changes coming from Medicare Part D. So again, no more than it has been historically, which is around 3% or 4% of our volume. As far as what we talked about seasonality, we do expect that the first quarter to be down mostly because of because of out-of-pocket expenses, because of deductibles, because of the resetting of the co-pays, but then we should go back to our acceleration in volume in second quarter, third quarter and so on. And Herv, Europe?
Herv Hoppenot: So, in Europe today, Opzelura launched in Germany and Austria, in fact, where it's commercially available. The price there is 750 per 100-gram tube. And then, we recently received reimbursement in France under a process called Accs Direct, which is a way to make -- it's one of the first product. In fact, it's the second product to be part of that program. And that gives access to patients through a special distribution system and while the price is being discussed. So, the price discussion will probably take 10 months and we will start booking sales or recognizing revenue in France when the price is finally approved. So that should be late this year in the best case. And then, we are also in the process of getting reinvestment in other countries in Europe. So hopefully, we will get multiple countries launching in '24 and '25. Regarding atopic dermatitis, we decided, obviously, to start with vitiligo for reimbursement reason because it's a better case leading to a better price in most of these countries. And we have ongoing studies that have been, in fact, started relatively recently that could be used if we want to have a limited level in atopic dermatitis, which would be required to be able to maintain the price. So that process is ongoing, and it's not going to lead to a new indication in the next two years. It will be coming after that.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I was just curious as to the payer mix differences, if there are any for Opzelura between the AD indication versus vitiligo? And then secondly, as both of these launches start to mature a bit, do you have a better sense of how you're going to land a number of tubes on average use per patient for a full year? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: As far as the payer mix goes, there's no real difference between payer mix. For AD, more patients perhaps have step therapies. In vitiligo, more patients don't have any steps or have one step. In terms of the number of tubes we've said in the past that for AD, it's around two tubes or a little bit more. We think that will continue to grow as people use the drug over larger portions of the body, obviously, they can go up to 20% of their body surface area, which is a very large body surface area. Some people start out in sensitive areas and now they'll continue to use it over a larger [portion] (ph) of their skin. For vitiligo, it's just too early. We'll figure out. But we're anticipating, obviously, as we've said, the refills will be much greater in vitiligo compared to AD.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Hi, yes. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe following up on a couple of the payer dynamic questions. Just on Jakafi, can you quantify the level of kind of script abandonment and things like that, that you are seeing and kind of what this opportunity is for volume gains with this redesign, recognizing, yes, some of it's not going to play out over just in one year? And then similarly, in -- for Opzelura, you had some formulary wins late last year that came into effect at the beginning of the year. Christiana, to your comment of only wanting to give price concessions to see enough volume benefit to end up within that net sales benefit, are you seeing early returns from that that are consistent with that view? Or do you kind of need to recalibrate how you do those negotiations for next year to make sure that trend is kept?
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Marc. Barry first. So, quantified a level of script abandonment for Jakafi, we don't actually know. We know that it's at least 10% just because we know when we go to specialty pharmacies -- the patients who go through specialty pharmacies, it's a little -- we have a little bit more data there or clarity there and it's at least 10%. But we don't know. People who scripts never get sent to a pharmacy, we don't know about that. So, we're not exactly sure, but we think there's a significant portion of patients that could benefit from these -- from Jakafi specifically that aren't because of the out-of-pocket cost, and that's getting better and better all the time, we hope, in 2024 and 2025. As far as Opzelura goes and formulary wins, for example, CVS Aetna, that got changed this year to preferred status with one-step therapy for AD, no step therapies for vitiligo, it's a little bit too soon to see anything because, obviously, when CVS makes a decision with us, it takes a while to funnel down to the various plans at the local level. Okay?
Marc Frahm: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Ren Benjamin from Simpsons JMP. Your line is now live.
Ren Benjamin: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the questions. Given the rumors of your bid for MorphoSys, are you considering any other acquisitions in the MS space? Or was the rumor incorrect the whole time and you were just going after tafa? That's question number one. Question number two, back to Steven on the Jakafi XR. I'm still -- I'd love to get a little bit more color on the two years that it takes to get to the end of this -- to solve this issue. What really is kind of involved? And is the probability of success, I would think it would be just quite high. It's just for the lack of a better word, an engineering problem, but maybe I'm thinking about this wrong.
Herv Hoppenot: Yeah. Maybe on the first question, as I said, I think the tafa acquisition for us is an excellent deal. It's, in fact, very, very asymmetric, because it's, as I said, with all of the synergies we can realize in the short term, it can compensate for what is left in terms of development costs in these two indications or in fact, most of the development has already been paid for in the past year. So, it is a case where the actual impact on the bottom line will be very minimal in the short term and very positive in the long term, whatever the scenario of the new indication. Now, if any of this new indication is hitting and its positive then it becomes obviously a super deal because we get all the benefit in terms of top line. So that's the aspect. Now, in the field of myelofibrosis, as you can see from our pipeline, we have a number of projects that we are pursuing ourselves. We have our own BET. There is still the ALK2 program where, as Pablo was saying, there is some additional data that we need to get certainty, but it's very promising. And obviously, we have the 617F and CALR program on top of the XR formulation. So all of that is giving us a very full pipeline in the field of myelofibrosis. So that would not be the first priority for acquisitions.
Steven Stein: And, Ren, your question on XR, so just to go back to the CRL, remember, when we did the submission, we missed on Cmin to a small degree that per the FDA resulted in a theoretic concern on efficacy. And then we tried to do some more population PK analysis in that to reassure them, but their pathway didn't work. And as we gave more granular detail at the end of last year, the route forward is new formulation, slightly larger tablet size and then repeat EBA work. And you're right, it's not -- doesn't take a great length of time. But to get that data in, analyze it, put it into a package and send it to the FDA and then have the discussions and approximation of best guess is an approximately to your journey from the beginning of this year to get it done. And that, we feel, has enough conservatism in it that we should make it. In terms of probably of success, we can model from the formulations what we will likely achieve in terms of area under the curve, Cmin and even actually Cmax as well. And we think that is relatively high. Obviously, that's why we're doing it, and we'll share that data as it becomes available and then take it to regulatory agencies. Thanks.
Ren Benjamin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Brian Abrams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. This is [Navin] (ph) on for Brian. Thank you for picking us in. We just had a couple of questions on our part. So, on Opzelura, what is the latest that you're kind of seeing on patient retention so far? How many patients persisted through the six to 12 months so far to kind of see the benefit versus how many are kind of dropping off or perhaps seeing early efficacy? And then if you could speak to a little bit of the education around the retention strategies as well. And then a second question on the MF space. So, as you kind of see the entry of additional competitors into the space, do you potentially foresee an expansion of the market as these competitors enter? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Navin. This is Barry. So as far as patient retention, I guess what you mean is that how many patients. So obviously, the vitiligo patients stay on for a much longer period of time. Of course, atopic dermatitis patients, patients with eczema, they have flares, they use Opzelura it goes away, and it's very effective. So, some patients get immediate relief. Obviously, we talk about the itch relief all the time to get good itch relief and then the skin begins to clear over time. So these patients will come back, we think, year after year as long as they have their eczema and use the drug when they see the flares until it goes away and then start using it again. Vitiligo patients, we've seen from our long-term data, patients can use the drug for twp years and continue to get benefit. So that's what we keep on reinforcing around education so that patients understand how to use the drug, what they're going to see at three months, six months, nine months, 12 months and beyond, and that's how we'll continue to retain them. Yes, it's very important, the strategies around patients' adherence, particularly for vitiligo, and particularly, we know we can make improvements around what healthcare professionals, dermatologists and their offices are telling the patient how to use the drug and then the patients themselves understanding how to use the trend. As far as competitors in the MF space, I mean, there are three other JAK inhibitors approved for myelofibrosis, where we continue to be the market leader in myelofibrosis, we'll continue to be. As far as the combinations that have been studied recently, we'll see. But it certainly does expand the market because you have the opportunity of going early, earlier patients starting. We know if they start early with Jakafi, their survival advantages could be better. And then, in fact, they'll go to second-line drugs and third-line drugs. So yes, we created the market, and it could expand if there are good drugs approved after Jakafi.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Thanks for squeezing me in. I'll just ask one on the CDK2 inhibitor. Curious if you can comment on the safety profile you've seen so far if you're seeing any ocular tox or cytopenia? Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, thank you for the question. We have not. We are happy with the safety profile so far, which is consistent with the mechanism of CDK2 inhibition. And we have not seen ocular toxicity, which, as you know, led to a clinical hold in one of our competitors. So, we're very excited about the early data of our CDK2 inhibitor, as we mentioned. And we look forward to sharing data over the course of the year as well as our future development plans for the CDK2 inhibitor program.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Ben Strain: Thank you for participating in today's call and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Incyte Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ben Strain, Associate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ben Strain: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of our website to find the press release related financial tables and slides that follow the discussion related to today's call. On today's call, I'm joined by Herve, Pablo, Barry, Steven, Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and will participate in the Q&A. I'd like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. I'll now hand the call over to Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we continued to deliver our double-digit revenue growth, important successes in pricing and reimbursement and continued progress of the pipeline. Product and royalty revenues were $914 million in the quarter with an 11% growth year-over-year, driven by Jakafi and Opzelura. Jakafi net sales in the quarter were impacted by inventory variation, which Christiana will detail in her prepared remarks. As you see in the first nine months, Jakafi growth continues at a rate of around 8% this year. The growth trajectory of Opzelura continued in the third quarter with net product revenue of $92 million driven by both new patients and refills in AD and vitiligo. In the first nine months of 2023, Opzelura revenues contributed $229 million, and we expect Opzelura to continue to be a key contributor to the growth of Incyte in the next years. On Slide 6, we made important progress this quarter on two fronts related to pricing and access. First, as the IRA is implemented, we secured Small Biotech Exception status for ruxolitinib. This has two impacts on Jakafi pricing and gross to net in the coming years. One, we expect that Jakafi will be exempt from negotiation until 2029, making it de facto neutral to our initial business plan. And two, as you can see, we expect to benefit from the specified small manufacturer phasing schedule for Part D catastrophic coverage versus the startup benefit, which will have a meaningful impact in the years 2025 to 2031. For Opzelura coverage in the U.S., starting in 2024, Opzelura will be listed as a preferred brand on the CVS Caremark and Aetna formularies, which would benefit roughly 30 million commercial lives. This achievement will move Opzelura to preferred brand from non-preferred brand tier and will result in increased access by reducing both [staple] requirements, patients copay for many patients while maintaining Opzelura's favorable utilization management criteria. Turning to Slide 7. We continue to make progress in our clinical development efforts across our portfolio. Just last week, we obtained new topline results from the Phase II randomized study assessing the efficacy and safety of povorcitinib, our oral JAK1 inhibitor in patients with prurigo nodularis. The study met its primary endpoint across all three treatment dose groups and povorcitinib was generally well tolerated. There are approximately 100,000 treated patients in the U.S. with prurigo nodularis with limited treatment options, and we are excited to move this program forward based on the Phase II data. Steven will provide additional details. During the quarter, we had a significant presence at EADV, where we presented the full Opzelura atopic dermatitis data in the pediatric population and positive long-term extension data in vitiligo. We also shared new positive data from the Phase IIb clinical trial of povorcitinib in adults with extensive vitiligo. By the end of the year, we anticipate providing additional data from other key programs, including an update on our Oral PD-L1 program, additional combination data of ruxolitinib plus ALK2 and BET and full disclosure of a novel preclinical program targeting the JAK2V617F mutation, which has the potential to be a disease-modifying therapy for many patients with myeloproliferative neoplasms. I will now turn the call over to Barry, who will discuss our commercial performance in more details.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herve, and good morning, everyone. Starting with Jakafi on Slide 9. Jakafi continued to experience increasing patient demand during the quarter as we delivered 2023 year-to-date net sales of $1.9 billion, growing 8% year-over-year while total patients for the first nine months has also grown 8% year-over-year across all indications. The quarter-over-quarter impact in net sales is primarily attributable to fluctuations in channel inventory. Recall that we reported exiting Q2 at the high-end of our normal inventory range and inventory drew down modestly in Q3. We continue to see strong growth in underlying demand and now are tightening our full-year 2023 guidance to a new range of $2.59 billion to $2.62 billion. As we look to the future for Jakafi, PV will be a key growth driver, particularly considering that a significant portion of patients are not receiving adequate benefit with hydroxyurea. Now for the first time, we have data that clearly demonstrates the thrombosis free survival benefit that can be achieved with Jakafi. The data shows that patients who are not being adequately controlled and are switched to Jakafi experienced a 44% reduction in the risk of major thrombosis. We are already hearing from thought leaders that this data is game-changing in PV and reinforces the importance of early intervention for these patients. We believe this important data will help drive earlier use, allowing us to further penetrate the PV market. Turning to Opzelura on Slide 11. The launch continues to be strong and is gaining positive momentum with both physicians and patients as we establish Opzelura as one of the best recent dermatology launches. Looking at the first two years post-FDA approval, Opzelura outperforms all other dermatology products on a launch-aligned basis. The rapid adoption of Opzelura is driven by its compelling product profile and its ability to address significant unmet need in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. Opzelura net product revenues in the quarter were $92 million, up 141% when compared to the same quarter last year. U.S. patient demand increased during the quarter with total prescriptions growing 72% year-over-year and refills growing by 19% versus the prior quarter with over 9,100 dermatologists now having prescribed Opzelura. The weekly prescription trend, as shown on the right, demonstrates the continued growth of Opzelura, which is coming from both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. In AD, growth was primarily due to new patient flow driven by Opzelura's efficacy and impact on inflammation and itch. In vitiligo, where Opzelura is the only approved treatment for repigmentation, growth was driven largely by refills and our educational and awareness initiatives. We remain very optimistic about the long-term potential of Opzelura as we continue to see the strong uptake and positive momentum. We are also working to drive new patient growth and adherence through ongoing initiatives. During the quarter, we kicked off a new marketing campaign called Moments of Clarity featuring Mandy Moore. The goal of this campaign is intended to bring to life the stories of real people struggling with eczema, who found relief by talking to their dermatologist and to build broad awareness of Opzelura as a nonsteroidal topical option among mild to moderate AD patients. The campaign secured several high-profile media placements, including coverage with top-tier outlets like Today Show and People Magazine. We are also continuing to roll out DTC initiatives in vitiligo, which is building awareness, driving demand and activating patients to discuss treatment options with their dermatologist. Turning to Slide 14. We continue to make advancements with our payer coverage for Opzelura. In AD, payer adoption continues to improve with regional plans. And as of today, we have roughly 84% commercial coverage for Opzelura and atopic dermatitis covering over 127 million lives. In vitiligo, we have made significant progress since the launch and have improved our coverage by roughly 30% throughout 2023. The most recent progress was with Blue Cross Blue Shield Federal Employee program, which accounts for over 5.5 million lives. Additionally, as Herve mentioned, Opzelura will be moving from non-preferred to preferred brand tier effective January 1, 2024, and for CVS Caremark and Aetna formularies. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pablo.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. As you may recall, earlier this year, we made the decision to increase our focus on eight high potential programs. Consistently with this, our near-term goals for the R&D organization will be to increase the rigor of our decision-making, accelerate the progression of our pipeline and increase our efficiency to optimize our resource allocation. Before I hand the call over to Steven for an update on some of our later-stage programs, I would like to spend a few minutes highlighting some of our key earlier-stage programs to give a more clear picture of the depth and quality of our pipeline. During the third quarter, our TGF-beta receptor 2 by PD-1 bispecific antibody into the clinic and the Phase I dose escalation study is progressing well. It has been designed with high selectivity for the PD-1 receptor combined with TGF-beta receptor 2 inhibition and it has the potential to enable a synergistic approach to target multiple immunosuppressive pathways across a number of cancers. INCA34460 is a novel humanized anti-IL-15-receptor beta monoclonal antibody that's designed to target and deplete autoreactive tissue resident memory T cells, has demonstrated efficacy as a treatment for vitiligo in preclinical models and received IND clearance last quarter. We have since initiated the Phase I single-dose ascending study. We also dosed the first patient for the Phase I study of our novel anti-mutant CALR targeted monoclonal antibody with the potential to eradicate the malignant clone in certain patients with myeloproliferative neoplasms and significantly modified disease outcomes. CALR mutations are responsible for disease development in approximately 25% to 35% of patients with MF and ET. We are disclosing today for the first time, a program targeting the JAK2V617F mutation, the most common somatic mutation in myeloproliferative neoplasms. The JAK2V617F mutation is located in the JH2 domain of the JAK2 receptor and is present in 55%, 60% and 95% of patients with MF, ET and PV, respectively. Unlike ruxolitinib, which inhibits both wild-type and V617F mutation positive cells, INCB160058 selectively binds to the JAK2 JH2 site, disrupting the V617F induced confirmation and thus, allowing selective inhibition of mutant activity in the JAK2 receptor while sparing wild-type. We expect to file the IND by year-end 2023 and enter into the clinic in 2024. Together with anti-mutant CALR program, there's two potentially disease-modifying programs, represent a fundamentally new approach to addressing MF, ET and PV and solidify our leadership in MPN. With that, I would like to pass the call to Steven, who will further highlight some of our key achievements this quarter with our Mode Advanced programs. Steven?
Steven Stein: Thank you, Pablo. Starting on Slide 19. As Herve mentioned, we obtained the topline results from the Phase II randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled dose-ranging study assessing the efficacy and safety of povorcitinib in patients with prurigo nodularis. The study met the primary endpoint for all povorcitinib doses studied of 15, 45 and 75 milligrams and in week-16, 36.1%, 44.4% and 54.1% of patients, respectively, achieved the primary endpoint versus an 8.1% rate for patients on placebo. The primary endpoint was designed to assess the proportion of patients achieving a greater than or equal to four-point improvement in itch at week-16. Povorcitinib was generally well tolerated across all doses and the safety analyses were consistent with previously presented data with no new reported treatment-emergent adverse events. We plan on presenting the full dataset at an upcoming medical conference in the first half of 2024. As a result of these very encouraging findings, plans are underway to initiate a Phase III study in 2024. We had a significant presence at the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology Congress earlier this month, which highlighted our commitment to the atopic dermatitis and vitiligo communities. In a late-breaking oral presentation, we presented positive 52-week data from a Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of povorcitinib in adult patients with extensive nonsegmental vitiligo. These results show that treatment with oral povorcitinib was associated with substantial total body and facial repigmentation across all treatment groups at week-52 and was well tolerated at all doses throughout the study. During the 24-week post-treatment period, total body and facial repigmentation was also maintained, which suggests durability of response following treatment discontinuation. These data further reinforced the efficacy and safety profile of povorcitinib as an oral treatment for patients with extensive nonsegmental vitiligo, and we plan to initiate the Phase III study by the end of this calendar year. Povorcitinib has already demonstrated outstanding efficacy in the Phase II program in hidradenitis suppurativa. As a reminder, 52% to 56% of patients treated with povorcitinib achieved a HiSCR50 at week-16 with responses improving to 59% to 67% at week-52. Additionally, HiSCR100 response, which is complete resolution of all manifestations of the disease, was reported at week-52 in up to 29% of patients. The two Phase III studies STOP-HS1 and STOP-HS2 are enrolling very well and this reflects the strong Phase II data presented earlier this year. We continue to expand the povorcitinib program focused on the science while leveraging our extensive dermatology capabilities. We look forward to advancing the development of povorcitinib in areas of unmet need where is currently being evaluated in two Phase III studies in HS and moving into a Phase III program for vitiligo and prurigo nodularis. Work continues in the Phase II proof-of-concept studies in asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria. Moving to ruxolitinib cream on Slide 23. Also presented at EADV with expanded results from the pivotal Phase III TRuE-AD3 study, evaluating the safety and efficacy of ruxolitinib cream in children two to 12 years old with atopic dermatitis. These data showed significantly more patients treated with ruxolitinib cream 0.75% and 1.5% achieved Investigator's Global Assessment Treatment Success and patients treated with placebo. Treatment with ruxolitinib cream over eight weeks under maximum use conditions was also well tolerated in children. Expert feedback on the data has been consistently positive namely that ruxolitinib cream could be advantageous to the currently available nonsteroidal topical options and an important option before resorting to currently available injectables. We are excited about the potential relief ruxolitinib cream can bring to the over 2 million pediatric atopic dermatitis patients in the United States. As a late-breaking oral presentation at EADV, new results from the pooled analysis of the long-term extension data from the pivotal Phase III TRuE-V program were presented. The long-term study extension evaluate Opzelura in patients 12 years and older with nonsegmental vitiligo who previously experienced limited or no response to treatment at week-24. The data demonstrated that prolonged treatment of ruxolitinib cream led to increased facial and total body repigmentation in those patients who were initial nonresponders. Approximately 70% of patients saw improvements in facial VASI and total VASI at week-52, which increased to 85% by week-104. Throughout the long-term extension, Opzelura continued to be well tolerated with no serious treatment-related adverse events. This data highlights the importance of prolonged treatment in patients with vitiligo even when limited or no repigmentation is achieved in the first six months of treatment. On Slide 25, we continue to advance Opzelura development beyond AD and vitiligo and into other indications where it's the potential to provide significant value as either the first approved therapy or first approved topical therapy for patients living with these dermatologic conditions. We currently have three Phase II studies, which have recently completed enrollment in lichen planus, lichen sclerosus and mild to moderate HS, and two additional Phase III trials evaluating Opzelura in prurigo nodularis, which are all currently enrolling patients. Finally, on Slide 26, we have a number of upcoming data readouts and other exciting milestones expected, and we look forward to sharing additional details throughout the remainder of this year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Q3 total product revenues were $783 million, representing a 10% year-over-year increase. In the first nine months of 2023, total product revenues were $2.3 billion, representing a 16% year-over-year increase. Total royalty revenues, which are primarily comprised of royalties from Novartis for Jakafi and Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly for Olumiant were $131 million in the third quarter and $374 million in the first nine months of the year. Turning to Jakafi. Jakafi net product revenues were $636 million for the third quarter and $1.9 billion in the first nine months of 2023. In the first nine months of the year, Jakafi net sales grew 8% compared to the same period last year. While Jakafi demand net sales have continued to steadily increase quarter-over-quarter, in the first two quarters of 2023, we saw more notable fluctuations in channel inventory levels which resulted in some variability in the quarterly reported net sales. As we had previously shared, at the end of Q1, channel inventory levels fell below the low-end of the normal range, recovering in Q2 and ending the second quarter towards the high-end of the normal range. At the end of Q3, channel inventory levels returned to the midpoint of the normal range. In the third quarter of 2023, the decrease in inventory had a $14 million negative impact on reported net sales. Turning now to Opzelura. Net product revenues for the third quarter were $92 million, representing a 141% increase year-over-year, driven by increased patient demand and expanded coverage. In the first nine months of the year, total Opzelura net product revenues were $229 million. Moving on to Slide 32 and our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Total R&D expenses were $376 million for the third quarter, representing a 2% year-over-year decrease, driven primarily by the decrease in one-time collaboration-related expenses partially offset by continued investment in our late-stage development assets and timing of certain expenses. Total SG&A expenses were $268 million for the third quarter, representing a 1% year-over-year growth. Moving on to our guidance for 2023. We are tightening our guidance range for Jakafi to a new range of $2.59 billion to $2.62 billion. We are reaffirming our other hematology oncology revenue, COGS, R&D, and SG&A guidance for the year. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [indiscernible] on for Salveen. Thank you for taking our questions. First, could you help us understand Opzelura gross to net trends during the quarter and your expectations on the forward? And then just a quick question on the combo data with Jakafi, ALK2 and BET, that's expected in 4Q. I guess, in the context of where the once-a-day dosing stands and the overall combination strategy and the positioning of each asset. Can you just help us understand your thinking on how this could play out from a life cycle management standpoint? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: It's Christiana. I will take the first part of your question and then turn it to Steven. Regarding the gross to net for Opzelura in Q3, gross to net was 54%, down from 55% in Q2 and 60% in Q1. As we said in our prior call, in last quarter's call, we expect gross to net to continue around that 55% level. And any improvement would very much depend on the evolution of Medicaid.
Steven Stein: [Indiscernible], in terms of your second question and the life cycle management of ruxolitinib in myeloproliferative neoplasms and beyond, including graft-versus-host disease. Just to take the components of your question separately, the once-daily dosing, we continue to work with the FDA on a response. And one of the efforts involves modeling that maybe a little shorter in terms of time line and one may require some further work. Regardless of the effort we undertake, both will be delivered way before the LOE for ruxolitinib. So that we'll pursue and continue. In terms of ALK2 and BET, both very important combinations, we're showing further monotherapy and combination data at the American Society of Hematology meeting in December. So you'll have to wait for those abstracts and the meeting itself to see the data. But it's more data in terms of monotherapy and combination. Your question relates to how they may play out. ALK2 is principally addressing hepcidin inhibition and then resulting in hemoglobin improvement, and the idea there would be to treat both the anemia from myelofibrosis as well as potentially the drug-induced anemia from RUX, and we'll see how that data evolves. That is already a mechanism that has demonstrated the ability to shrink spleen, spleen volume reduction to improve symptoms and also through epigenetic means improve hemoglobins. And we've already shown quite substantial efficacy with our own program. We'll see how other competitive programs play out in the short-term. We'll show you data at ASH, and then we'll direct you towards our registration-directed efforts here. It could be place in the first-line setting in combination with RUX in the suboptimal setting in combination with RUX and even as monotherapy post-JAK inhibitors, there's substantial efficacy with the BET program. And then just to round out lumber, let me remind you, axatilimab, a positive Phase III this year with really excellent data in third-line graft-versus-host disease, and that submission is going in and we'll progress that through the regulatory cycle. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Good morning, and thanks so much for taking my question. Just one for me. I just want to get a sense of how you're thinking about the evolution of the competitive landscape as it relates to Jakafi. There's been a recent new approval for momelotinib for a subset of patients that might be on Jakafi. How are you thinking about marketing Jakafi in relation to this newly approved drug? And do you think that there's any risk of that drug taking market share? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Tazeen, this is Barry. So as we think about competition in myelofibrosis, there was already two other JAK inhibitors on the market. And neither of those JAK inhibitors have really penetrated and their approvals have actually been in the first and second line setting and haven't really moved at all over many quarters now in terms of their market share or, quite frankly, in terms of their net sales. For momelotinib itself, Jakafi was compared directly in SIMPLIFY-1 study to momelotinib and momelotinib failed in that study. The approval that they received, both in the first-line and second-line setting for patients with anemia, Jakafi is, in fact, the only drug that really has superior overall survival in myelofibrosis patients regardless of anemia. So in other words, patients who have anemia and got Jakafi for myelofibrosis, have a survival advantage. So that strong designation gives us confidence that we'll continue to be the leader in myelofibrosis. Additionally, of course, patients are started  myelofibrosis patients are mostly started on therapy when they have symptoms. And Jakafi clearly is the most effective therapy when it comes to managing symptoms and spleen. And then momelotinib, just like the other drugs are, in fact, much more costly than Jakafi, momelotinib being $26,900 per month, 60% or so higher than Jakafi. So it seems like it was priced for a second-line drug, and we think that's where it will be mostly used.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Leonid Timashev: Yes. Thanks. It's Leonid on for Brian and thanks for taking our questions. I just wanted to go back to maybe some of the reimbursement dynamics with upseller. You guys mentioned the preferred brand designation from Caremark and Aetna. I guess I'm curious, how do you anticipate that impacting access and ultimately pulling through the utilization? And did you guys have to make any net pricing concessions for that? And I guess related to that, is this contracting that you're working on with some of the other payers as well? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Leonid. Barry again. So in terms of Caremark, CVS Caremark, in particular, it's very important in terms of access for the patients. We're trying to make it as easy as possible for dermatologists to prescribe the drug and then for patients to receive it. So in this particular situation, we're going from a double step for atopic dermatitis. So patients would have had this to go through topical steroids and topical calcineurin inhibitors before they get to Opzelura, and in Vitiligo also had to go through multiple steps. Now in Vitiligo as it should be because of the label and the only drug approved for vitiligo that repigments the skin for vitiligo, having no steps to go through. So first line therapy is excellent. And just having to go through one step because most patients will have, in fact, use topical steroids when they have AD, so that makes it much easier. In terms of contracting and concessions, there's always a negotiation, of course, with the PBMs and the payers over rebates and fees and so forth. So it might cost us a little bit more on the rebate and but in fact, then the co-pays generally go down. And most importantly, what we're really trying to achieve is volume. And then I suppose your last question is the negotiations with payers always continues. We don't really have to have any further negotiations unless we choose to until 2025 for Opzelura. But there's always the  there's always a chance that we come back and decide to do something slightly different in terms of getting in terms of making access easier for patients. Most of the contracts that we have in place currently in fact, allow plans to step up and change their step therapy from two to one and so forth.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from David Lebowitz from Citi. Your line is now live.
David Lebowitz: Thank you very much for taking my question. Would you be able to give us insight on the current  I guess, rate of the number of tubes per patient in AD and vitiligo you were expecting? Have there been changes in expectations and where you think stand right now?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So in terms of AD, I think we had it on the slide, it's around two. We've been saying that for a while. We expect two tubes per patient for atopic dermatitis on average. Obviously, some patients we'll get a lot more than that. In vitiligo, we need some more time really to evaluate exactly in the real world how patients will receive will see Opzelura for vitiligo. So patients who have  might just apply the drug to the face, for example, or apply it all over their body, it varies. But we'll continue to track the number of tubes for vitiligo, but obviously, with our data so far, long-term extension data, patient can use it safely for years, and continue to get benefit. So we'll update you when we have more information as we gather more data as we have more use in vitiligo.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Jessica Fye: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Curious if you'll be in a position to provide Opzelura sales guidance for 2024. And with respect to your BET, what you'll be looking for in the upcoming [indiscernible] results?
Christiana Stamoulis: So Jess, I'll take the first part of the question regarding the Opzelura guidance. As we've shared with you in the past, in order to provide guidance, we want to have a few quarters of real world experience with Opzelura, especially for vitiligo, given that a disease in new market. And be able to see how in the real world utilization is how many tubes on average vitiligo patients use, and also how quickly and at what rate in active patients can get in to see their physicians and get on therapy. So we are still very early in the launch of Vitiligo, and we continue to monitor the progress and I want to say a few more quarters before we are in a position to provide guidance.
Steven Stein: And then in terms of your question related to BET inhibition in myelofibrosis, the competitor ongoing first-line study, which you allude to is what we consider a pretty standard first-line study in about 440 patients, the primary endpoint spleen volume reduction of 35% or greater and already communicated, it has to be an end in terms of the secondary endpoint of heading total symptom score, 50% improvement or above versus the competitor racks in that situation. For our own BET inhibitor, as I said earlier, both monotherapy data, we've really shown spleen reduction, symptom response and some hemoglobin responses and then the ongoing combo work showing the same. And we'll have to see how that data plays out versus what the competitor delivers in their first-line study in terms of our registration efforts, and we'll communicate further about that at the ASH meeting coming up in December. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first to start on the commercial side to follow up on one of the prior questions. Just Barry, on a blended basis, given this is a pretty large plan that you're moving up the formulary, but on a blended overall basis for the franchise, should we expect gross-to-net to kind of incrementally increase in 2024 versus the full-year 2023, given that move?
Barry Flannelly: Mark, I'm [indiscernible] sure, to be honest with you, we'll have to see what the volume is and what the improvement in co-pays is to see how it affects our gross-to-net. But anyway, we'll see, but there's always a chance that we could actually benefit a great deal from net sales by making it much easier for patients to be able to access our drug.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Gospel Enyindah-Asonye: Good morning. This is Gospel on for Vikram. We have two questions for Jakafi. I mean due to the recent approval of GSK for Ojjaara. The first one is what portion of MF patients using Jakafi do you estimate are using a sub optimal dose due to anemia. And in this patient population have you seen an increased rate of discontinuations as prescribers and patients potentially move towards Ojjaara. And secondly, have you observed a decrease in Jakafi new patient starts in MF since Ojjaara was approved. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Well, Gospel, the most important thing is that  so  Ojjaara only got approved on September 15. It really only launched in the last week of the year. I'd be surprised that there was actually any sales, except for stocking sales in the quarter. So anyway, so I can't imagine that would affect any part of us yet. Now what percent of patients might be receiving a suboptimal dose. What we've only said before, I believe, is that the number of patients who are at steady state on 5-milligram twice a day dose or something like that is only about 5% of our patients. I believe those patients are actually getting benefit, but that's the most. And just like in our clinical trials, cover one trial, I mean, only one patient discontinued for anemia. So we don't believe that that's a big part of it. And like I said before, about the benefits that Jakafi provides the MF patients, whether they're anemic or non-anemic it's overall survival, it's symptom control, it's spleen control. So far, we don't really see  we don't really anticipate an impact by momelotinib certainly in the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matthew Phipps: Thanks for taking the questions. I wondered on the povorcitinib Phase III plant in vitiligo, how you can structure that trial to complement the current Opzelura utilization opportunity? Is it really just around baseline VASI scores. And then as you think further out about additional opportunities for povorcitinib, what are you keeping in mind considering that it looks based on the profile so far as to work in a pretty wide range of more classical autoimmune indications, but clearly there you might have more competition.
Steven Stein: Matt. Hi, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So in terms of vitiligo, as we showed you the data in more extensive nonsegmental vitiligo, we saw a really good effect in terms of facial VASI, facial VASI 75 and above. And then total VASI as well, body repigmentation of 50% or above. We will disclose when we go on to clintrials.gov what the endpoints are and what doses we'll be using such premature to point you towards that, other than just broadly tell you that the population we target in is people with more extensive body surface area involvement when you compare it to the cream, which is indicated for people who are 10% or below. This would open up the vitiligo community with people with much more extensive body surface area involvement where it becomes a little pragmatically hard to apply cream across the body and an oral JAK can be used in that setting with the right therapeutic ratio. And as we guided to, we want to get this study going by the end of this calendar year. Povorcitinib is relatively JAK1-specific. You saw the program in HS, both STOP-HS1, HS2 enrolling really, really well based on the  what we think is excellent Phase II data, including that HiSCR100 response. But as you alluded to, we have now data in prurigo nodularis, that's excellent, and we want to progress that into Phase III. And then ongoing efforts beyond dermatology in asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria, where the biology points to this kind of JAK1 agent potentially showing substantial benefit in patients with more severe asthma who on inhaled corticosteroids, long-acting bronchodilators and still having early exacerbations. That's a Phase II proof-of-concept study and then standard endpoints in chronic spontaneous early carrier. So this drug has demonstrated thus far remarkable activity in those areas where we study in Phase III now, and we'll see what happens in asthma and CSU. So thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now live.
Paul Jeng: Hey. Good morning. This is Paul on for Michael. Thanks for taking our question. I just wanted to build on the prior question. Can you talk about how you plan to position povorcitinib [indiscernible] in the planned Phase III relative to sort of how you design the ongoing Phase III studies for Opzelura. Is there a meaningful difference in the target patient populations? And how should we think about the specific addressable opportunities within the end for the two programs? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes. Thank you for the question. Just in terms of Herve said this upfront in his remarks, there's a prevalence upwards of 200,000-plus patients, but there are about 80,000 to 100,000 that currently get treated in the setting. And their main manifestation of their disease is itch and very severe itch. And that's what the Phase II showed that activity in that setting across the dose ranges. I think it's premature beyond that to talk about the endpoint and the dose we'll be using because we've just got the Phase II data in. But it will be, again, because it's an oral agent targeting the more severe spectrum of PN. That's what I can tell you now. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho Securities. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just was hoping actually to get a little bit more color on the Medicaid penetration with respect to Opzelura? Because last quarter, it was identified as a jump in the payer mix that had an effect, right on Opzelura and the gross-to-net? And then secondarily, I'm just hoping maybe you could talk a little bit about PV for Jakafi. I mean it looks like the percentage just eyeballing it, right, of Jakafi sales from PV has remained relatively stable. And I'm curious as to with this new data and potentially earlier patient starts where you think the growth could be?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So in part as Medicaid patients for Opzelura goes, it's about 14% of paid patients. As we said in the past, we had such good coverage for Medicaid throughout all 50 states that it was sort of grew faster than perhaps the commercial patients. So I think that answers part of your question. For Jakafi in PV, I guess if you're looking at the slide that we had there, PV, it continued in terms of the patient share is about 35% or so. At any given time, for example, this year, year-to-date, there's more than 8,000 patients on PV. But PV patients stay on the drug for a long time. So we're talking about what we think now the average is about 41 months that patients are staying on Jakafi for PV. So that's important. So every new PV patient becomes that more important. And we think that there's lots of patients who are currently on other therapies, including hydroxyurea, that would benefit from moving to Jakafi earlier. And now that we have a study where there was no crossover so that you can actually evaluate the long-term thrombosis free survival and in fact, progression-free survival for patients that, that's really an indicator that you really should start earlier with an effective therapy like Jakafi. And we think that's really where the upside is here is that each and every PV patient is viable and we can provide them with really effective therapy to manage their disease long-term. So that's what our growth expectations are. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Securities. Your line is now live.
Andrew Berens: Hi. Thanks. Can you remind us how you see 33989 fitting into the treatment paradigm for MF relative to the JAK agents? And then do you see the regulatory pathway leveraging surrogate endpoints for approval? Or would you want to show a decrease in malignant transformation in this subgroup?
Steven Stein: Andy, were you are asking about, Steven, just to clarify your question about mutant CALR in V617F in the future, we couldn't hear clearly your first part of question?
Andrew Berens: Yes. Just I'm trying to understand how you see that fitting into the treatment paradigm relative to the JAK agents?
Steven Stein: Okay. Great. Thank you. So as Pablo said in his remarks, a remarkable effort from our research group to come up with compounds that now target new areas of biology. So in terms of mutant CALR it's about 25% to 30% of myelofibrosis and ET. It's a neoantigen that's expressed and the antibody targets that and could eradicate the clone. So you could be talking about a very new treatment paradigm that's disease-modifying or potentially in curable if you eliminate the clone in those settings. Obviously, we're early in the clinic. We need to prove it safe and get there. But there's a lot of excitement and obviously, you've got a plenary at ASH last year because of that with the mutant CALR antibody. In terms of where it fits in, it won't be an agent that's in the way we think about spleen volume reduction and symptom improvement, it could be, as I said, to be a little bit repetitive, eliminate the clone and sort of get rid of the disease, if you will. The same with V617F, a target that many have pursued for a long time. And again, credit to our research group for coming up with, as Pablo pointed out, a very novel way of targeting the mutation in the JH2 domain. And then again, the idea would be to eliminate the clone and disease modified, and this is a bigger population. It's about 50% of MF, 60% of ET and 95% plus of polycythemia vera. So for the first time now, we've been able to show you that I mean we've come up with a target in PV where it's an area where we haven't been able yet to give you anything new beyond Rux. So we're very excited about that. Again, it's early. We have to get the IND across the finish line and get into the clinic, but it's a superb science and would be a very different way of thinking about those entities. So thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [indiscernible] for Jay. Thanks for taking the question. So just a follow on the prior question, [JAK2V617F] mutation. I'm just wondering you are thinking about the monotherapy versus combination approach going forward. And just on the slide, it seems like the CALR mutations and the V617F mutations are mutually exclusive. So I just want to confirm if that's correct. And just a quick question on Opzelura. I wondering if you can talk about the split between AD and vitiligo in 3Q, that would be great? Thank you.
Pablo Cagnoni: So this is Pablo. Let me take the first part of the question. So as Steven mentioned and I explained in my remarks, it's early days for both programs. I think that when you start thinking about how to position them and the potential combination with Jakafi, I think we need to get through a few cohorts in the Phase I studies, understand the profile of these two new medicines, and then we'll start building a combination strategy. I think potentially that could be the case, particularly as you start thinking about symptom resolution with Jakafi early in the treatment paradigm and then using either V617F or the mutant CALR antibody to then try to eliminate the clone and potentially transform the outcomes in these diseases. The second part of your question, I think, was related to whether these are mutually exclusive and they are. And that's actually an important point in understanding how to position them in the future. And then I think you had a question about AD, which I'll pass over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Yes, [indiscernible] I didn't really hear you. So AD versus vitiligo, what are you trying to say. What is the script volume?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thats script split between AD and vitiligo. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. Currently, it's about 60-40. So 60%, 80%, 40% vitiligo. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Reni Benjamin from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Reni Benjamin: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe for Steven. So, can you talk a little bit about how you view the competitive landscape in PN and HS? And could the landscape change prior to your Phase III readouts? Or are you the clear sort of market leader in both indications? And I guess, just as a second sort of follow-up question maybe for Herve. You guys are generating significant cash flow. You have a strong balance sheet. The pipeline is largely ignored by investors and is significantly down. Can you talk maybe a little bit about the process that you might be going through to maybe switch gears, maybe acquire an entire company platform pipeline and all versus striking kind of one-off product collaboration agreements?
Steven Stein: I'll start and then hand it over to Steven. So let me remind you povorcitinib is a oral agent. In both entities, you're talking about are becoming very interesting in terms of the science, a lot of targeting with different modalities, but they're mostly intravenous IV large molecules that target things like IL-17. So a very specific biology, whereas in these entities, there's more broad biology, and that's why we think JAK may be important here both in PN and HS. An oral agent, now we've shown what we think is very strong proof-of-concept data in both entities. HS, we have ongoing two Phase IIIs and PN will be proceeding there. Sure, the landscape can always change. As part of any assessment we do, we look at the competitive landscape and what may occur. But in terms of an oral agent, we think that's the big differentiator here, and then I'll hand it over to the second part of your question.
Herve Hoppenot: So your question about the way are we sort of turning into a new direction regarding the use of cash. And the answer is we are still continuing to look at opportunities outside of the company. We are still investing in our pipeline. But as you have noticed, our growth of the revenue continues to be faster, higher than the growth of our expenses. So we continue to generate leverage and we continue to have an increasing cash flow quarter after quarter. And we are looking at opportunities to continue to add to the growth of the corporation in the year, 2025 to 2030. So it's a relatively broad target. Obviously, valuations have been fluctuating a lot in the past months, and it's creating opportunities that we are looking at. So there is a clear willingness for the right price to add new products that would be fitting with our portfolio, if we can. We could do it through partnership or acquisition. In fact, we think both would be appropriate, and it's a financial question or it's a question of willingness to go one route or the other, but we could do it either way.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Derek Archila from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [indiscernible] for Derek. Thanks for taking our question. A quick one from us. Can you provide some color on the pace of the pipeline development and whether it will be timely enough to offset Jakafi by laws of exclusivity? Thanks.
Steven Stein: So thanks for the question. Absolutely, that's the case. So I'll be a little repetitive. The XR program, we're busy in terms of response to the FDA now, and the idea is to get the XR approval prior to the loss of the LOE for RUX. Both BET and ALK programs, we want to declare where we go in if we go into registration studies end of this year, early part of next year, and it will give us enough time to execute a Phase III program and get across the finish line there. So that's absolutely intent. The mutant CALR and V617F, as Pablo said, are early but great promise of disease-modifying agents. And so it's a little unclear the regulatory part there, and it will depend on demonstrating safety and efficacy. But we'll see if that keeps going well, you could potentially execute a rapid Phase III program, but it's really too early to say.
Herve Hoppenot: But maybe I can add. I mean, on this view about the Jakafi patent expiration and the way we are sort of allocating resources. That's basically the eight program. You saw one of the slides is speaking about the eight programs that we are prioritizing in R&D, and that's where you have the list of the programs that will be impacting our revenue in the years that are coming relatively soon with CALR being maybe the one that is a little bit of a stretch. But for everything else, it could come before that time. And the povorcitinib program, which is increasing. Today, we have the news of an additional indication in prurigo nodularis is in Phase III now for one indication, it has Phase III is being planned for prurigo nodularis and vitiligo. So all of that should be coming in the years that are  that preceded the patent expiration for Jakafi.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: [Indiscernible] on for Evan. Just wanted to ask with the pre-submission meeting with FDA planned for RUX cream in pediatric patients. Are there any nuances with that submission in the pediatric population versus adults that you think will require a special consideration for the FDA and inside? And has there been any indication on when that meeting may take place? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Its Steven. So we don't guide to you when we have the actual meetings, but the only nuance in peds is some safety requirements to demonstrate under maximum use conditions that there's no increased levels or untoward side effects. We've completed that work. We're satisfied with the results and we're discussing with the FDA. So that will put our submission sometime hopefully, in the first half of next year in terms of having that complete data set and submitting it then, and we're very comfortable with the data. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We reach the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Ben Strain: Thank you all for participating on today's call and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day. Please don't hesitate to reach out. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Greg Shertzer, Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead, Greg.
Greg Shertzer: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the Investors section of our website. Joining me on the call today are Herve, Pablo, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and participate in the Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our reports filed with the SEC. We will now begin the call with Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. So, we had another quarter of strong performance with product revenues growing 25% year-over-year and driven by Jakafi, Opzelura and launches in Europe. Jakafi net product revenue grew 14% compared to the second-quarter of 2022. For Opzelura, the growth trajectory continues with net product revenues in the second quarter of $80 million, driven by new patient flow and growth in [indiscernible]. Additionally, the launch in Europe is underway and Opzelura is now available to patients in Germany and Austria. However, other hematology and oncology net product revenues were $64 million for the quarter, up 30% year-over-year, driven by the growth of Pemazyre and Minjuvi in ex-US market. Now turning to Slide 5. We continue to execute on our development efforts. Recently, we announced positive top line results from two of our high potential programs. The TRuE-AD3 study evaluating ruxolitinib cream in pediatric atopic dermatitis and the AGAVE-201 study evaluating axatilimab in chronic GVHD met their respective primary end point. Steven will discuss these results in more detail during his prepared remarks, as well as provide updates on the important progress we made across many of our high-potential program as shown at the bottom of the slide. We also strengthened our research and development organization by appointing Pablo Cagnoni as President and Head of R&D. And in this position and as member of the executive team, Pablo will lead Incytes R&D activities. This new role aligns chemistry, biology and early and late-stage clinical development with the goal of maximizing speed and productivity in our research and development efforts. I will now turn the call over to Pablo for few word.
Pablo Cagnoni: Thank you, Herve. I'm thrilled to join the team at Incyte, a company with such an impressive history of success and who has refined -- redefined the standard-of-care in myeloproliferative neoplasms graft-versus-host disease and vitiligo. Since joining just a few weeks ago, I've spent time with our teams and I'm even more enthusiastic about the capabilities of our organization and about the quality of our science. We're prosecuting a broad range of biology with the diversity of modalities. And I look-forward to working with them to continue to deliver major advances across our portfolio in order to make a meaningful difference for patients. Herve?
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Pablo. And with that, I would like to pass the call to Barry for commercial update.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herve. Good morning, everyone. Starting with Jakafi on Slide 7. Net product revenues for the quarter were $682 million, up 14% year-over-year, driven by the continued growth in patient demand across all indications. Total patient demand grew 5% year-over-year, while new patient starts, a good indicator for future growth was up 9% year-over-year. Given the strong underlying demand for Jakafi, we are raising the bottom end of our full year 2023 revenue guidance to a new range of $2.58 billion to $2.63 billion. Turning to Opzelura on Slide 8. The launch continues to be strong and is gaining positive momentum with both physicians and patients. The rapid adoption of Opzelura is driven by its compelling product profile and its ability to address significant unmet need in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. Opzelura net product revenues in the quarter were $80 million, up 42% compared to the prior quarter. U.S. patient demand increased during the quarter with total prescription growing 16% compared to last quarter and refills growing by 23%. The monthly prescription trend, as shown on the right, demonstrate the continued growth of Opzelura, which is coming from both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. In AD, growth was primarily due to new patient flow driven by Opzeluras efficacy and impact on inflammation and itch. In vitiligo where Opzelura is the only approved treatment for repigmentation, growth was driven largely by refills and our educational and awareness initiatives. We are very optimistic about the long term potential of Opzelura as we continue to see strong uptake and positive momentum. On Slide 9, Minjuvi net product revenue in the U.S. for the quarter were $24 million, up 2% year-over-year and were driven by continued growth in community accounts. Minjuvi, net product revenues outside of the U.S. were $13 million, up 198% year-over-year and includes $6 million of previously deferred revenue related to the early access program in France, which ended in June. Pemazyre net product revenue grew to $22 million, a 14% increase year-over-year with $5 million coming from outside the U.S. where the launch is ongoing in 10 key markets in Europe. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry. Starting on Slide 11. As Herve mentioned, we have two exciting program updates we want to highlight from this quarter. First for ruxolitinib cream, the primary endpoint was met in the Phase 3 TRuE-AD3 trial in pediatric atopic dermatitis patients aged two to 12. The top line results showed that significantly more patients achieved Investigators' Global Assessment Treatment Score or IGATS with ruxolitinib cream 0.75% and 1.5% and with the vehicle control. No new safety signals were observed and the overall safety profile is consistent with previously reported data. The long term safety portion of the trial is ongoing and data will be submitted for presentation at an upcoming scientific meeting. We also plan to discuss these data with regulatory agencies, and we anticipate a submission in the first quarter of 2024. We are excited about the potential relief ruxolitinib cream can bring to the roughly 2 million pediatric atopic dermatitis patients in the United States. Moving to Slide 12. In partnership with Syndax, the AGAVE-201 study, a global pivotal trial evaluating axatilimab in patients with chronic graft versus host disease after two or more prior therapies met its primary endpoint of overall response rate across all three treatment cohorts with the 0.3 milligram per kilogram every two week dose achieving a 74% overall response rate. In the 0.3 milligram per-kilogram cohort, 60% of responders maintained their response at one year, and 55% of patients achieved at least a 7 point decrease in their modified Lee symptom scale indicating that responses were both durable and with symptom improvements. Axatilimab was well tolerated, and the most common adverse events were consistent with on target effects. The full dataset is planned for presentation at a scientific meeting later this year with a potential BLA submission by year end 2023. We are excited about the potential of axatilimab in chronic graft versus host disease and in this heavily pretreated and severe patient population. A Phase 1/2 trial of axatilimab in combination with ruxolitinib is also being planned. Moving to Slide 13, and updates on our broader dermatology pipeline. For Opzelura, in addition to the positive top line pediatric AD data, three Phase 2 studies for lichen planus, lichen sclerosus and hidradenitis suppurativa have completed enrollment. For Povorcitinib, the Phase 2 study in prurigo nodularis has completed enrollment, and we expect to have data in this indication later this year. Additionally, we previously announced the expansion of Povorcitinib development into inflammatory and autoimmune diseases beyond dermatology, and now have initiated two Phase 2 trials in asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria, CSU. On Slide 14, I want to provide a little more detail on our studies in asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria. Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disease with two endotypes. Type 2 eosinophilic asthma, the most common type is primarily driven by TH2 cytokines, whereas non Type 2 asthma is characterized by a neutrophilic response. Many asthma patients have disease progression despite therapy with inhalers. Povorcitinib appears to have efficacy in both Type 2, and non-Type 2 endotypes. In preclinical data, Povorcitinib results in a reduction of eosinophal activation, and may potentially reduce neutrophil activation as well. The Phase 2 study has been evaluated in moderate to severe uncontrolled Type 2 and non-Type 2 asthmatic patients. Unlike monoclonal antibodies that target a single cytokine, Povorcitinib inhibits the actions of multiple cytokines, potentially providing superior efficacy in both endotypes. CSU is a mast-cell driven disease, presenting with hives and severe chronic itch. Overactivation of dermal mast cells and basophils results in increased serum levels of TH1, TH2, and TH17 related cytokines. We know JAK inhibition can modulate mast-cell activation, including degranulation and cytokine production, both of which are drivers of chronic spontaneous urticaria. The Phase 2 study has been evaluated in patients who are inadequately controlled or progressed on second generation antihistamines. Moving to hematology and oncology. We achieved multiple clinical milestones across our high potential portfolio during the second quarter. We continue to make progress in myeloproliferative neoplasms or MPNs where we presented updated clinical data at ASCO for our OP-2 and BET program. We also initiated a Phase 1 study of INCA033989, our mutant CALR antibody, and as previously discussed, axatilimab met the primary endpoint in chronic graft versus host disease. For oncology, both of the Phase 3 studies evaluating Tafasitamab in first line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and in relapsed or refractory follicular and marginal zone lymphoma are fully enrolled. And the small molecule oral PD-L1 program continues to advance with multiple new studies initiated. Turning to Slide 16 and an update on our small molecule oral PD-L1 program. Immune checkpoint inhibitors have transformed cancer treatment for patients. Despite the remarkable clinical benefits, intravenous formulations have disadvantages and there is ample opportunity for innovation and improved outcomes in this space. As the first company to demonstrate clinical activity with an orally available PD-L1 targeted agent we have a unique opportunity for differentiation. As an oral small molecule, INCB99280 has a short half-life, which can reduce the burden of managing immune related toxicities and provides a switch off option if needed. Which may offer improved overall safety, especially when combined with other agents. Additionally the convenience of an at-home oral administration is often preferred by patients and may offer the potential for an improved quality of life. On the right you can see the current studies of INCB99280. We've initiated monotherapy Phase 2 studies in both checkpoint inhibitor naive patients, and in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. We also initiated two Phase1/2 combination studies with axitinib and ipilimumab. A third Phase 1/2 study in combination with adagrasib is in preparation. We also announced last night that in partnership with Replimune, we are starting a neoadjuvant study to evaluate 280 in combination with RP1, a tumor derived oncolytic immunotherapy in patients with cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. RP1 is Replimune's lead oncolytic immunotherapy product and is based on a proprietary new strain of herpes simplex virus engineered for a bus tumor selective replication and is genetically armed with the fusogenic protein and GMCSF. RP1 has already demonstrated substantial activity in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. At ASCO, we presented data for zilurgisertib, our ALK2 inhibitor in patients with myelofibrosis. Initial data from 36 patients demonstrated early signs of clinical activity through hepcidin reduction and anemia response in monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib. Zilurgisertib was well tolerated with a favorable safety profile allowing for continued dose escalation. We've added an additional treatment group in first line JAK naive myelofibrosis patients with anemia and we plan to have updated data later this year. Additional data presented at ASCO for our BET inhibitor, INCB57643 demonstrate improvements in spleen volume and symptoms in both the monotherapy arm and in combination with ruxolitinib. It was generally well tolerated with two dose limiting toxicities observed in the higher 12 milligram once daily monotherapy arm. We believe we have an active compound with encouraging early data. Dose finding work is ongoing with 10 milligrams once daily as monotherapy, as well as continued dose escalation in the combination arm. Turning to Slide 19. We continue to make progress in other development programs. During the quarter, INCA33890, a TGFR2 by PD-1 Bi-specific antibody entered the clinic and a Phase 1 study was initiated. Additionally, ouremolimab, our IL -- our anti IL-15R antibody received IND clearance, and we plan for it to enter the clinic later this year. Retifanlimab, which was recently approved in Merkel cell carcinoma, has completed enrollment in the Phase 3 non-small cell lung cancer study, and in the squamous cell anal carcinoma study. Finally, on Slide 20, we have a number of upcoming data readouts and other exciting milestones expected, and we look forward to sharing additional details throughout the remainder of this year. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was a very strong quarter with total products revenues increasing 25% year-over-year to $827 million, driven by the strong performance of Jakafi and Opzelura. Jakafi net product revenues for the second quarter were $682 million, representing a 14% year-over-year increase, driven primarily by continued growth in patient demand across all indications and an increase in channel inventory. At the end of Q2, channel inventory had recovered from the depressed Q1 levels and was towards the high end of the normal range. The increase in inventory represented around $35 million in net product revenues. Opzelura net product revenues for the second quarter were $80 million, representing a 384% increase year-over-year, driven by increased patient demand and expanded coverage. Finally, other dermatology/oncology net product revenue were $64 million, representing a 30% increase compared to the second quarter of 2022, driven by patient demand and the recognition of $6 million of previously deferred Minjuvi revenue related to the early access program in France, which ended in June. Turning to royalty revenues, total royalty revenues for the quarter were $128 million and are primarily comprised of royalties from Novartis of $90 million for Jakafi and $5 million for ta Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $32 million for the Olumiant. Jakafi and Olumiant royalties for the quarter were negatively impacted by FX headwinds. Turning now to Slide 24 and the performance of Opzelura. The launch of Opzelura has been very strong, with 2023 year to date net sales of $137 million. Since the launch of vitiligo, Opzelura net product revenues have grown at an average quarterly rate of 28%. Net product revenues grew 42% compared to last quarter, primarily driven by demand and the normalization of the typical Q1 dynamics. Moving on to Slide 25 and our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Total R&D expenses were $401 million for the second quarter, representing a 15% year-over-year growth, driven primarily by the progression of our pipeline, including the expansion of the clinical development program evaluating ruxolitinib cream in additional indications and the progression of povorcitinib into pivotal studies. The SG&A expenses were $284 million for the second quarter, representing a 12% year-over-year growth, driven primarily by promotional activities launched at the beginning of the year, to support Opzelura and vitiligo and the timing of certain other expenses. Moving on to our guidance for 2023, as a result of Jakafi's strong demand growth, we are raising again the bottom end of our full year Jakafi guidance to a new range of $2.58 billion to $2.63 billion. We are reaffirming our other hematology oncology revenue, COGS, R&D, and SG&A guidance for the year. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Participant: Hey, [indiscernible] on for Brian. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I had one maybe on MS development in the lumber program. Given the high bar that Jakafi sets and the challenges on [indiscernible] exemplified by difficulties. One of the competitor drugs recently had in a hitting on the symptom score. I guess, how's this shaping your thinking about going to the front line or the second line with the BET inhibitor and just positioning of these molecules going forward? Thanks.
Steven Stein: [Leonard] (ph), thanks for the question. It's Steven. Yes. And for acknowledging, ruxolitinibs incredible activity in terms of both spleen responses, but especially symptom improvement. And as you point out, it's a very high bar to beat. In terms of our own thinking, one has to be obviously careful in study design, inadequate powering in terms of endpoints and also making sure that you maintain adequate JAK inhibitor dose intensity going forward. And so, both just to point out in terms of our combination programs we talk about ALK2 first. You can see where it's heading. Clearly, we have an increase in hepcidin reduction with increasing doses, and we're starting to see very encouraging hemoglobin responses. So the thinking along those lines would be potentially looking at, in the first line setting an ability to prevent anemia development and thus maintain very importantly RUX dose intensity and get the maximum benefits in terms of JAK inhibition in spleen and symptoms. And so that's where that's heading. And hopefully, as we've said repeatedly, by next year we'll complete the dose escalation and be able to declare where we want to go. It's incredibly safe in terms of tolerability. So we're able to continue to dose escalate at the moment. In terms of the BET program, it's a little bit of a different thing in terms of tolerability. There's no one on target toxicity in terms of thrombocytopenia, in terms of going in higher doses. So in monotherapy, at the 12 milligram, we saw dose limiting toxicity there and we're back at the 10 milligram dose in terms of monotherapy. We're seeing, again, extremely encouraging spleen response, symptom response, and also occasionally hemoglobin improvement. But to your point, we have to think carefully about where to go, in terms of first line or suboptimal study. And, obviously, there's also there's a competitor reporting our BET data later this year, which we're going to watch carefully. And, again, to be repetitive, powering in terms of symptoms, you have to be very careful in the first line setting because ruxolitinib is so good. So that program as well, we'd like to declare by the end of year timeframe next year, earlier part of the year where we go in, in terms of registration directed efforts. And then also just to remind you completely different efforts, the CALR antibody is in the clinic now. Potentially disease modifying dash even curative in the 30% of CALR patients that are in the MA population and in the ET population. And that could be a completely different way of thinking if you can eliminate the clone and change the disease trajectory completely. And you wouldn't even be thinking then in terms of spleen and symptom response, you'd be eliminating the clone. So that's where we are with the program at the moment. Thanks.
Unidentified Participant: Thank you.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Thank you so much for taking my question. I have a question about the axatilimab lab data from the Phase 2 trial you reported recently. Now the big question we've been getting is around the unusual dose response. So, we've heard that this could be because of potential impact of [SAEs] (ph) and response rates. I know it's not been too many days since you reported the data, but it's been a few days since you've had to digest the data. Wondering if you have a sense of what it might take to understand what's going on there? And more importantly, how this might affect regulatory review? And then for Minjuvi, as you continue to work through reimbursement in in EU, are you seeing a difference in how it's being used in U.S. versus EU? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Perfect, Its Steven. I'll start off with your axatilimab question. So the AGAVE-201 study had three doses and a schedule difference as well. So the first two are 0.3 milligram per kilogram Q2, 1 milligram per kilogram Q2, and the third dose level was 3 milligram per kilogram Q4. And you're right, we had a pleasant surprise in having excellent activity across all the dose level in patients who had actually a medium of four prior therapies and including prior [ROK] (ph) inhibition, you're getting that with a 0.3, a 74% best overall response, the 1 milligram per kilogram is not really different, just to be clear, when you're up at 67% on best overall response and then if you look across it some other ways of looking at responses in a very similar territory, so we don't think there's a difference in response rate, but there is a difference in terms of tolerability, in terms of on target effects likely on liver [indiscernible] cells and transaminitis. That gets worse with increasing dose. And certainly at the 3 milligram per kilogram, there's clearly more transaminitis and that is likely not the regulatory dose. So it'll be -- the discussion with the regulators on the 0.3 versus the 1, both showing excellent activity in terms of overall response rate and tolerability. And we're still in the early days of working that out with regulators, but we'd like to get that submission in the early BLA in by the end of this calendar year 2023. I'll turn it over to Barry for your second question.
Barry Flannelly: I would take it. I would take it. That's on Minjuvi in Europe. So there are two ways to look at it. I mean, the overall profile of patients that we are seeing using Minjuvi in Europe is not dissimilar to what we have in the U.S. And it stands that you have basically a group of patients who are not eligible to CAR-T, obviously not eligible to transplant. And in many cases, would be patients who are frail and are attracted by the very good safety profiles that we have with Minjuvi [indiscernible] and obviously, it's a very good efficacy that you can get there. Now the extent to which CAR-T is used in different European countries, different from the U.S. So I would say it's a little bit maybe earlier on the curve, and what we see that the volumes as a group of patients that end up being eligible for Minjuvi is in fact larger in Europe. And we see that from the uptake that we are seeing. Now we have reimbursement in Germany, Italy, Spain, and a few other countries. and we continue to work, as you heard, in France, and the rest of Europe to have full access, but the curve, the adoption curve for Minjuvi in Europe is in fact faster than what we saw in the U.S. in term of volume. But it's doing it
Kripa Devarakonda: Great. That's very helpful.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you.
Kripa Devarakonda: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Allison Bratzel from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
Allison Bratzel: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. First, just on Opzelura. Could you help us understand the gross to net trends during the quarter? And also just the mix you're seeing between atopic derm and vitiligo. I think it was 30% of scripts were thought to be for vitiligo last quarter. Just is that consistent now that we're into the second half of the year? And I guess what are you seeing in terms of persistence and refill rates in vitiligo? And then secondly, just a question on the pipeline, just on the Replimune agreement announced yesterday. Could you talk about the rationale for entering that agreement now? What aspects of RP1's clinical data and CSCC or other derm oncology indications give you confidence in evaluating the 99280 combo in new adjuvant CSCC. And just help us understand the scope of that trial expected to start early in year. Is that going to have registrational [indiscernible]? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Allison. It's Cristiano. Let me take the first part of your Opzelura question and then I will turn it to Barry to discuss the mix. So in terms of the gross to net, in Q2 the average gross to net discount was 55%. So that was down from 60% in Q1. As we're expecting, Q1 has the highest gross to net given the higher co-pays and deductibles at the of this year that we have to pay down and that then comes down through the year. So we are at 55% average gross to net in Q2. In terms of dynamics, one thing that we saw in Q1 and we continue to see in Q2 was an increase in Medicaid utilization. And that has continued in Q2 with Medicaid increasing as a percent of the total payer mix.
Barry Flannelly: So, Allison, it's Barry. So as far as your other questions, vitiligo now represents about 35% of total prescriptions. In terms of refills, so for atopic dermatitis, I think we've said before that, we expect two to three refills  two to three tubes per patients, and that's, where we are now with AD. We're over two tubes per patient. For vitiligo, we don't have enough time yet. Most of the vitiligo coming on, as you can imagine, are new patients and we need more time to reach the average number of refills. As we've said in the past, we expect the average to be around 10 tubes per year. And we think we're progressing towards that. I'll turn it over to Steven for a Replimune question.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry. So, Allison, in terms of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, it's an entity that's not very well captured by the groups that capture cancer statistics just because of the way it's treated, variability, often with surgery alone, et cetera. But it could be common enough that there may be upwards of 1 million cases across the board of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma in the United States and actually north of 10,000 deaths. So it's clearly a medical problem with a lot of morbidity. For 280 itself, we have now, as we've outlined for you, cutaneous cell squamous carcinoma study ongoing up on clinicaltrials.gov, that's doing some dose ranging work with 280, and then we'll expand with a declared dose going forward and could potentially serve on its own as a registration effort, but that's down the pike and to be determined. Why Replimune? Why RP1? It's a tumor oncolytic virus with actually outstanding efficacy already demonstrated in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma that's advanced with checkpoint inhibitors, activity in terms of response rates in the 70% range, complete responses in a 47% range. So really outstanding activity with checkpoints are really demonstrated, but with intravenous. Given how this is administered with intratumoral injections, it really lends itself to combine in with an oral agent like 280 and we view this as an exciting potential going forward. This is a proof of concept study, though, in the neoadjuvant setting, and then we'll determine if there is a registration path afterwards. So thank you for the question.
Allison Bratzel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. So we had two, both on Jakafi. So first, could you comment on whether there were any outsized or large inventory purchases that contributed to Jakafi's 2Q sales base? And then secondly, could you remind us where your dialogue stands with the FDA on QD RUX and just what the next steps are for moving this program forward? Thanks.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Vikram. It's, Cristiana. So first of all, in terms of your inventory question. As you may recall, inventory at the end of Q1 was below the low end of the normal range and that was because of the timing of an order. What we saw in Q2 was an increase in inventory that brought inventory back within the normal range. And, I would say, towards the higher end of the range, but that variability you see it from quarter-to-quarter within that normal range. So we are back at the normal range. And as I commented during my remarks, the inventory increase during Q2 represented $35 million in net sales. Let me turn it to Barry for the second part of the question. [indiscernible]
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Christiana. So Vikram, in terms of RUX XR, just to remind you, the CRL from the FDA was a concern around [Cmin] (ph) at steady state, not area under the curve and not [Cmax] (ph), and then resulting in a potential theoretic concern in terms of efficacy and that there was a 24% lower Cmin when you compare it to the IR. So in terms of the go forward, there's a potential approach that's quicker and involves modeling work, that we're doing at the moment, and we need to discuss with regulatory agency, and we can't give you timing yet on that. And then a potentially longer effort that may take a little longer and -- but clearly for both, we'll have them ready and be able to submit way before the loss of exploration for RUX itself. So it's too early to give you regulatory timing, but both efforts are underway. Thanks.
Vikram Purohit: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You will share more combo data on the Jakafi ALK2 and BET combo in the second half, but in the context of where QD stands and the overall combination strategy here, can you just help us understand what your thinking is and on how this could play out from a life cycle management standpoint?
Steven Stein: Yes. So -- thanks, Salveen. It's Steven. Both as I alluded to in my prepared remarks, both BET and ALK2 are progressing well. BET clearly activity with monotherapy and in combination. And now it's just about declaring the dose and then the registration in intent for that and then also watching the competitive space. ALK2, very well tolerated. We can keep escalating and hopefully continue to see improved efficacy. And then that may be potentially a first line effort because of its tolerability and the ability to both treat the anemia and maintain RUX dose intensity. And then I just outlined the QD effort on its own, in terms of formulation development. We are also working on fixed dose combinations for both BET and ALK2, and those aren't impacted by the CRL in any way, but it is likely that when we go to pivotal studies with BET and ALK2, that those will be done with the IR in combination with BET and ALKL2. And then should we want to use the FTCs, we pivot to that with bio availability bioequivalence work at that time. All of those efforts are underway aggressively. And again, we very much want to complete and should complete them before the loss of exploration of RUX itself. Thanks.
Salveen Richter: Just a follow-up here? So then how does CALR and CK0804 kind of fall into this strategy as well?
Steven Stein: Yeah. Thank you. So mutant CALR is on its own an entity that, as I said earlier, about 30% of myelofibrosis, and in fact, 25% to 30% of essential thrombocythemia. And is the oncogenic driver on its own, it's mutually exclusive, doesn't overlap with [Miple] or V617F or anything else. And so should this work the way it looks pre clinically and be well tolerated, it's an entity on its own and would be a different treatment paradigm in terms of thinking, because the idea would be to eliminate the malignant clone and potentially cure you off of the condition. So you'd no longer have a clone that causes the disease and the disease symptoms, and that is why got a plenary at action is potentially so exciting. And should that pan out all the way to the end, then about a third of each of those entities would be taken care of on their own with the antibody and there would be no need for JAK inhibition, BET inhibition, ALK2 inhibition, et cetera. The Cellenkos' 0804 effort is a different effort entirely. It's umbilical cord T-reg cells that are enriched to hone to the bone marrow. And they've already shown in small, in a single case studies, to change the natural history of myelofibrosis and potentially also improve fibrosis there as well, and to be safe. So it's early days of that. And we want to again show data on that later this year, and it's too hard to comment on where that'll go from a strategic point of view. But the idea there again is to be disease modifying given the therapeutic modality. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Conor MacKay: Hi there. This is Conor MacKay on for Evan. Thanks for taking our questions. Congrats on the quarter. So you noted in your press release this morning increased demand for Opzelura and -- I'm just wondering, now that we're a bit further into the launch in vitiligo. Could you just comment on if you're seeing any previously inactive patients or patients who had stopped seeking treatment previously starting to come on to Opzelura. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Conor. It's Barry. So we obviously have patients that have been seeking treatment all along for their vitiligo. And then, new patients that learned about Opzelura and go in to see their dermatologists. I can't give you any numbers at all about the number of patients who were, in fact, inactive. But we do want to -- part of our entire effort for any direct to consumer activity is really just to let those patients who want to have their vitiligo treated to know that there is a treatment available for the very first time that can actually help them to repigment their skin. So that's what we'll continue to do to drive the patients back to the office. Thanks.
Conor MacKay: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hey, congrats on the quarter and thank you for taking the question. Can you talk about the pace of Opzelura uptake in Europe versus the U.S. And any comments you could share on the momentum of Opzelura growth and when you might provide specific revenue guidance on Opzelura. Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: I can take the European -- I'll do the European part of this today. So the approval and the launch in Germany and Austria took place at the end of the quarter. It was in the last days of June. So we are in the process. Now we have 1.5 months, we see a good uptake. In fact, we see adoption in Germany, where it's obviously the most important market, and it will continue to be the most important for the year, because we anticipate the next reimbursement to take almost that long to become effective in other countries in Europe. So what you can anticipate there is another 10 months where Germany and Austria would be the only or the main countries where Opzelura is being used. And what we see, I mean, there was -- in Europe, when the approval was  the lable in Europe is excellent. It's different from the label in the U.S. in terms of the entire safety profile. In fact, it has no equivalent of whether Black Box in Europe. So all of this issue of systemic exposure to JAK has been looked at by the European authorities very differently from than what the FDA has done in the U.S. And the media impact of the approval has been very visible on TVs and everywhere across Europe, we had number of patients and physicians speaking about the importance of treating repigmenting vitiligo. So the awareness of Opzelura is already very high. We have a lot of demand, we have programs we are trying to put in place to help patients where we can. And we are fairly optimistic that it will be a good product for Incyte, and it will have a reasonable potential. And the second part of your question is about guidance for Opzelura. I think you can .
Christiana Stamoulis: So in terms of the guidance, we still want to see a few more quarters of uptake. It's still early. We want to be able to see to the earlier discussion, how vitiligo patients, especially that have been active come into therapy and also more information on refills before we are in a position to provide guidance.
Jay Olson: Great. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho Securities. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. This is [indiscernible] on from Mara Goldstein. Thanks for taking our question. Starting first with Opzelura with the free drug program and the IQVIA projection, are you seeing a difference between AD and vitiligo? And can you comment on the moving forward rates for the rest of 2023? And then looking towards axatilimab, could you share how Incyte and Syndax are planning responsibilities for the upcoming BLA filing and maybe potential commercialization as well? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: So Jerry, for Opzelura for free drug. We don't really see any difference whatsoever between [indiscernible] drug for atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. Obviously, I said before that there's more AD patients that are on Opzelura and a growing number of patients with vitiligos on Opzelura but the free drug difference, we don't know.
Steven Stein: Jerry, it's Steven. In terms of the BLA, obviously, both companies have worked really well together. The study was executed well, brought in well, high quality, et cetera. But Incyte will be leading the filing activities, with Syndax appropriately helping along the way. On the commercialization question, I'll ask Herve to address it.
Herve Hoppenot: The commercialization of AXA will be different in the U.S. and Europe and rest of the world. So in the U.S., it's co-commercialization led by Incyte, where we would be booking the revenue and where there is an option for Syndax to filled up to 30% of FTEs in the field force if they choose to. And so that would be for them to decide if they want to do that. And at the end, we will do a 50-50 profit split of the commercial activities in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., it's a license where we will be paying a royalty to Syndax, and we will be prosecuting all activities related to regulatory and commercial for axatilimab.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Eva Privitera from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Eva Privitera: Thank you. Congrats on the quarter. A few questions from us. Can you help set expectations for povorcitinib in prurigo nodularis? What would be considered a profile in that disease? And what's the efficacy bar for moving into Phase 3.
Steven Stein: Eva, its Steven. Yes, the provorcitinib prurigo nodularis Phase 2 enrolled really well. It's complete, we'll have data later this year. The central problem for those patients is a very intense and severe itch and then obviously, the actual skin lesions. But what the patients really want is the itch-relief and that's why we feel an oral JAK inhibitor is appropriate in these patients with more severe prurigo nodularis. There is already approved drug in terms of [duplicant[ (ph) in PN in general. So the regulatory path is pretty well established. This study, there is a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study. If we get the profile we want in terms of itch relief and the lesion resolution, then we'll advance to Phase 3 development, but we'll talk about that later this year. Thanks.
Eva Privitera: Thanks. And another question on povorcitinib. Can you give a quick enrollment update for the Phase 3 HS? You know that AbbVie has recently opened a Phase 3 for [indiscernible] .
Steven Stein: Yes. Thank you. So we don't give numbers as we progress. We have two Phase 2s up and going. They're enrolling really well. We obviously started before them. I think across dermatology, in general, when you go back to RUX cream, AD, vitilago, et cetera, our operational execution has been excellent. So we've got really good at knowing the derm space and how to conduct these studies. But we don't provide patient-by-patient enrollment updates. Thanks.
Eva Privitera: Thank you for taking our questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now live.
Kelsey Goodwin: Hi. Good morning. This is Kelsey on for Michael. Thanks for taking our question. I just had two on axatilimab, maybe could you just remind us how it might be positioned competitively versus Sanofi's res rock in the third-line setting based on the previously announced top line data? And then, I guess, could you just tell us how you're tracking with the planned Jakafi combo study in the frontline setting? And maybe what you might need to see in order to advance that into a Phase 3 trial, any specific efficacy outcomes. Thanks so much.
Steven Stein: Kelsey, it's Steven. So the AXA data I won't go through again. I had them in my prepared remarks, but the eligibility criteria was for two or more prior therapies. The median on the patients is actually four. So we'll have to be discussing with regulatory agencies as to what line of therapy that will be given in terms of a label. It's likely to be at least in the United States somewhere in the third-line territory given the data set. But as I said in my prepared remarks, that efficacy of 74% were seen across the board, including in post-res rock patients. And obviously, those were predominantly in the United States given that's where that drug is approved. But it's premature to comment on the exact line we're getting labeling until we have those discussions. In terms of the combo work, I assume you're talking about graft versus host disease again. And in combination with ruxolitinib, there's theoretically a huge appeal because, one, you have a small molecule with a large molecule and no theoretic concern in terms of drug-drug interactions, non-overlapping MOA, a JAK inhibitor with a macrophage monocyte targeted drug, so we don't expect to run into tox. And then we want two very -- now very active drugs in graft versus host disease it's really appealing. Can you move up the treatment paradigm. So we're going to start that combination as soon as possible with [Ruxinaxa] (ph), tested likely in the first, second line setting and then we'll work out, see that activity and see where we want to go. There is appeal to go first line because steroids are dominantly used there are active but have a lot of long-term toxicity, but there's also appeal in second line as well. So we'll see where the data leads us at an exciting time for that combination.
Kelsey Goodwin: Okay. Great. Thank you so much and congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Lebowitz from Citi. Your line is now live.
David Lebowitz: Thank you very much for taking my question. Could you provide more detail on the number of tubes per patient on Opzelura, just curious as to where to the extent that overall growth in the quarter was driven by new patients coming to therapy or increase in the tubes per patient?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So David, it's Barry. So basically, I mean, where they're driven from is we said that the total RXs grew by 16%. So that's across AD and vitiligo and refills grew by 23%. So we expect refills to continue to grow and be more than 50%, in fact, going up much higher than that over time. As far as the growth from AD and vitiligo, both are growing, new patient starts in both vitiligo and AD continue in the right direction in terms of refills for each. I discussed it before, that we expect, in fact, that two to three tubes for the AD patients, and we hope to get to an average of 10 tubes per patient for vitiligo. We think we're headed in that direction now, and we'll continue to reinforce how to use the drug both with dermatologists and with patients, and we think we'll achieve at least that number.
David Lebowitz: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David -- I'm sorry, Derek Archila from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Srdan Verstovsek: Hi. Good morning. This is Srdan for Derek. Thanks for taking our question. Two quick ones for me. First, how are you thinking about M&A? And what would be your priority between I&I and oncology assets? And second, what are your thoughts on the HS opportunity for povorcitinib in light of recent competitor data?
Herve Hoppenot: You want to take the HS.
Steven Stein: So I'll do the second question first. So the profile in HS for povorcitinib, which we presented earlier this year at a medical meeting is outstanding in terms of efficacy. In fact, we think as far as we can tell, it's the first time ever that a Heska 100 has been reported by a compound in this entity. And that -- by that, I mean, a complete response. So access, nodules, fistula is completely disappearing. And that's really encouraging for the profile going forward for povor. You're right. It's now an active space of research. There's many biologics, including IL-17 targeted drugs. And there's lots of unmet need. And so it's good that other people are trying to address that. I would just say when you compare studies, look carefully at patient populations, look carefully at concomitant antibiotic administration, we didn't allow that on our studies. And then obviously, the placebo arm activity as well when comparing. But the profile we saw in our Phase 2 is outstanding. And if we replicate that in Phase 3, we'll have a potentially best-in-class compound there. Thanks.
Herve Hoppenot: Maybe I can say a word about M&A. I mean, we are in a position where, as you can see, I mean, the growth of our existing business is very strong. The pipeline is very promising. We have a number of very good products that we are now developing at late stage, and we didn't speak very much about some of the early stage projects, but they are also very interesting. So we are looking at what could be the best use of the cash that we have, we have north of $3 billion now and how we could add to this diversification and growth that we are doing with our organic portfolio. It could be M&A or it could be licensing, business development. You see axatilimab was a license from Syndax and it's clearly helping us strategically with the portfolio and the Lumber program and also adding mechanisms that we can combine with Jakafi. So this type of agreement could continue when we see them, when we find them or acquisitions that could be in dermatology or oncology, assuming that these products that we would be acquiring have the potential to contribute to the growth in the year 2025, 2026 and beyond, because that's where really we need to add to the portfolio at that point. So that's really the criteria we are using. And we are sort of agnostic of onco versus derm, I think the question is the quality of the science, the quality of the product and the timing and the potential of products we would be adding to our portfolio.
Srdan Verstovsek: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP Securities. .
Reni Benjamin: Hi. Thank you. Congratulations on a great quarter, and thanks for taking the questions. Can you talk a little bit about the opportunity in Perrigo nodularis, how big or small is this opportunity and how should we be thinking if these current studies are positive, how should we be thinking about pivotal studies and how big they might be going forward? And maybe a bigger picture question is, when we think about derm as a business, is this something that ultimately will be part of Incyte kind of going forward and taking up a significant part of the revenues and its something that might get spun off at some point, just given the size of the studies that you might need to conduct for these other indications? Any thoughts there would be helpful.
Steven Stein: Yes, Ren, it's Steven. So prurigo nodularis is often not diagnosed or underdiagnosed. It's hard to be precise on the epidemiology, but they're probably around 200,000 or north of that patients in the United States with PN. And as I said earlier, their biggest morbidity is itch, and it's a massive impact on quality of life. So that's what we're looking for in terms of povorcitinib. The regulatory part has already been defined by the DUPIXENT approval and how to get there. And it's premature to talk about sizing and powering until we see our Phase 2 proof-of-concept data there. Just by the way, ruxolitinib cream, Opzelura in more mild PN is also very active, and it's something we're obviously interested in studying and seeing the outcome of as well. In terms of the second question, I'll turn that over to Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: So yes, I mean, you can -- I mean, the question is really is dermatology a business that we believe has the potential to continue to grow to be of a meaningful size, and the answer is yes and yes. And you can see it. You can see the program we are developing for RUX cream. There are four or five new indications that we are prosecuting on top of vitiligo and atopic derm, where we believe there is a clear medical need and where. In fact, the power of topical JAK with the safety profile it has and with the efficacy it has is really competitively well positioned. We choose to develop povorcitinib in a number of indications where there is interest. And you can see that interest, in fact, now coming from the biologics and some other ways of approaching this biology, but we believe again that the JAK inhibitor is a very good way with the fact that we are ahead of the pack in that development process is a very good way to help these patients and being first or best-in-class in that case is very feasible. And then we have [indiscernible], which is a new mechanism that needs to be proven, but could be also very promising. So we have this view of developing an IAI dermatology portfolio over time that will be contributing equally to the revenue or to at least to the growth of the corporation in the next few years. And we see a lot of complementarity in the research that we are doing in inflammation, in immunology and how it could apply for cancer on one hand and in some cases, how it can apply for autoimmune disease or inflammatory disease on the other hand. So all of that now is something that is well established. We have the team on the commercial side in the U.S. now fully filled in, and we are building it in Europe. So I think it's a picture of Incyte for the next five years will be both derm and onco in parallel.
Operator: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments. .
Barry Flannelly: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Christine.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the Investor section of our website. Joining me on the call today are Herve, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and Dash who will join us for the Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our reports filed with the SEC. We will now begin the call with Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. So we'll be moving to slide four. And so in the first quarter, product revenue grew 14% year-over-year. The growth for the quarter does not fully reflect the strength of the underlying patient demand for Jakafi and Opzelura, which I will discuss in the next slide. In hematology and oncology, the ongoing launches of Pemazyre and Minjuvi ex-US drove the 17% year-over-year growth. We also received additional approval, including our first indication for Zynyz in Merkel cell carcinoma in the US. And more importantly, the approval of Opzelura for vitiligo in Europe with an excellent level. Zynyz is available commercially in the US and Opzelura will be launched in Europe in the next few months, starting with Germany. Moving to slide five. Taking a closer look at the Q1 dynamics that affected net sales in the quarter for Jakafi and Opzelura. Jakafi Patient demand was strong across all indications, growing 7% on a year-on-year basis. On gross to net, we had the typical Q1 negative effect with higher deductions due to an increase in medicare coverage, gap rebates and patient deductibles. We also had an increase in 340B purchases. Separately, channel inventory fell below normal levels, resulting in an 11 million impact. Given the strong underlying patient demand, we are confident in our full year outlook and are raising the low end of our guidance to a new range of $2.55 billion to $2.63 billion for the full year. Turning to Opzelura, there are three components to fully understand the dynamics of the first quarter. First, we saw a continuation of strong trends in weekly prescription growth in the quarter. 60,000 new patients were treated with Opzelura. Second, as you can see in the TRx graph on the right. Refills were being pulled forward in December and this resulted in lower volume in the first two months of the year. And third net price in the quarter was impacted by an increase in commercial co-pay and a higher medicaid utilization. So the outlook is strong for both Jakafi and Opzelura as we expect to drive further growth throughout the year. Moving to slide six. With our R&D pipeline growing and advancing, we have recently decided to concentrate our resources behind the project with the highest potential to drive our revenue growth in the next few years. This eight program of first or best-in-class candidates have large potential with multiple indications such as Opzelura, Povorcitinib and oral PD-L1 or alternatively they address a significant unmet need in an existing franchise like the LIMBER program with ALK2, BET, axatilimab, mCALR. We are discontinuing six programs, including parsaclisib in MF and warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia, AXL/MER, two adenosine program and GITR. This concentration of our internal and external resources will increase speed and efficiency for the eight high potential programs and allow us to further accelerate our promising early clinical programs like CDK2, TGF-beta PD-1 bispecific and Auremolimab. With that, I would like to pass the call to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herve, and good morning, everyone. Starting with Jakafi on slide eight. Patient demand for Jakafi was strong across all indications. New Patient starts, which are a strong leading indicator for growth in future quarters, grew 8% year-on-year to reach an all-time high. Unit demand, as shown by the chart on the bottom left, shows good growth in Q1 versus the past two years. Turning to Opzelura. Net sales in the quarter were $57 million. On the right, our total prescriptions, as reported by IQVIA. Launch trends continue to be strong, with robust growth seen in both March and April. As we continue to drive further awareness and adoption of the brand, the number of dermatologists gaining experience with Opzelura continues to increase. Turning to slide ten. I want to take a step back and recognize the significant achievements we have been able to accomplish with the launch of Opzelura. When reflecting on the first 18 months of launch, Opzelura outperformed other brands prescribed by dermatologists on a launch aligned basis. The rapid adoption of Opzelura highlights its compelling product profile and its ability to address significant unmet needs. In addition, we were able to secure payer access far quicker than any other recent launches in dermatology. Looking at slide 11, the momentum with Opzelura is strong and we are continuing to see very positive trends in terms of uptake, awareness and reception for the brand in vitiligo. We launched our first TV Direct-to-Consumer Campaign for Vitiligo on February 12th this year, and early data supports the success we've had in just a few weeks. Based on a survey conducted of approximately 100 dermatologists, NPs and PAs, they indicated that nearly 20% of their vitiligo patients requested Opzelura and that 85% of those patients request are filled. This level of brand awareness and patient activation is substantially higher than almost every other product in dermatology offices. And with our continued efforts, we believe we can reactivate a significant percentage of the diagnosed vitiligo patient population. Turning to slide 12. Opzelura uptake in atopic dermatitis is driven by its efficacy and in particular by the impact on itch. This is the clear differentiator for the brand and Opzelura is the only topical therapy with itch reduction in its label. To understand how quickly Opzelura can work in some patients. This past weekend at the Revolutionizing Atopic Dermatitis meeting. We presented data from our SCRATCH-AD study. Results showed that patients were able to attain substantial itch reduction as early as 15 minutes after the first application of Opzelura and peak reduction after four hours. We continue to focus our efforts on driving refills and have implemented several new initiatives to further grow the brand. Some of these programs include patient relationship and support programs as well as partnering with pharmacies to help with the education and to drive patient adherence. And lastly on Monjuvi, Minjuvi and Pemazyre on slide 13. Monjuvi sales in the quarter were $21 million, up 11% year-over-year, with community accounts making up the majority of the volume. Minjuvi sales were $7 million and the product is now reimbursed in six key launch markets in Europe. Pemazyre grew to $21 million in net sales in Q1 with $5 million coming from outside the US, where the launch is now ongoing in ten key markets in Europe. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry. On slide 15 is a snapshot of a few of our programs, including our high potential programs as depicted in the red and blue boxes segmented by estimated launch timing. Over the next six to 18 months, many of these programs will be expanded into new indications, new combination studies and into pivotal trials. By focusing resources on these assets, it could allow for an acceleration of certain timelines and increased efficiency as we bring these innovative therapies to patients. We are well positioned for growth and diversification with multiple launches expected in the near to mid-term. Moving to slide 16, we made significant progress across our high potential dermatology programs. Opzelura was approved for vitiligo in Europe and we presented new data for both Opzelura and Povorcitinib at two major dermatology conferences. We also progressed into new indications, including prurigo nodularis with Opzelura and asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria with Povorcitinib. Now to highlight our dermatology portfolio in more detail, starting with Opzelura and the recent European approval on slide 17. The label was very favorable with regards to both efficacy and safety. The full indication is for the treatment of non-segmental vitiligo with facial involvement in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age upwards. This encompasses the majority of vitiligo patients in Europe, where roughly 85% of all vitiligo patients have non-segmental disease and where around 60% to 80% have facial involvement. Regarding safety, the most common adverse reaction was application site acne. No black triangle was placed on the label, and the regulatory agency determined that the class effect identified for the oral class were not considered relevant for Opzelura. And as such, the label does not include any special warnings or precautions as seen with the oral JAK inhibitors. Turning to slide 18. We recently initiated two Phase III studies evaluating Opzelura in prurigo nodularis, a disease driven by inflammation and characterized by hard nodules and an intense itch. TRuE-PN1 and PN2 of 52-week studies where patients will receive ruxolitinib cream or vehicle for 12 weeks followed by a 40-week open-label extension. The primary endpoint is WI-NRS which is defined as a four point or greater improvement in worst itch numerical rating scale score from baseline to week 12. There is a strong rationale for Opzelura in prurigo nodularis where we have seen promising early data and where there is already a regulatory precedent for approval with clearly defined endpoints. With no topical or oral therapies approved, we have a significant opportunity to help a large population of patients who are suffering from this disease. Turning to slide 19. We continue to expand the development of Opzelura into new indications, it has the potential to provide significant value as either the first approved therapy or first topical therapy for patients living with these dermatologic conditions. Moving to Povorcitinib on Slide 20. We recently presented positive Phase II results at the American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting, highlighting the effect of Povorcitinib on repigmentation in patients with extensive vitiligo. Substantial repigmentation was seen with Povorcitinib treatment and continue to improve with longer duration of therapy with up to 36% of Povorcitinib-treated patients achieving a facial VASI75 by week 36. Based on these positive Phase II results, we plan to move into Phase III development. Being able to provide patients with an effective oral therapy to treat their vitiligo is part of our strategy to strengthen our leadership in vitiligo and to be able to provide multiple treatment options for patients across the entire disease spectrum. On slide 21, at the European Hidradenitis Suppurativa Foundation Conference, we presented Phase II data showing that 52% to 56% of patients treated with Povorcitinib achieved a HiSCR50 at week 16. Perhaps even more impressive was that up to 29% of patients on Povorcitinib reached HiSCR100 at week 52, which is a 100% reduction in abscess and nodule count with no increase in abscess or draining tunnels relative to the baseline. This is a very high clinical bar of efficacy. We are the first to ever present the achievement of HiSCR100 in HS. Based on the Phase II results, we initiated two Phase III trials: STOP-HS1 and STOP-HS2. Similar to ruxolitinib cream, we are building a portfolio for Povorcitinib around the science all while leveraging our extensive dermatology capabilities. As mentioned earlier, we are initiating two phase trials in moderate to severe asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria. Given what is known about the involvement of the JAK pathway in the regulation of cytokines and Th2 cells, initiating a study in asthma is a logical next step for the development of Povorcitinib. Likewise, we know JAK inhibition can modulate mast cell activation, including degranulation and cytokine production, both of which are drivers of chronic spontaneous urticaria. Moving to our hematology and oncology portfolio on slide 23. Looking at our high-potential oncology programs, we continue to make progress in myeloproliferative neoplasms, or MPNs with our ALK2 and BET program and axatilimab in chronic graft versus host disease. Our small molecule RO PD-L1 program is advancing into multiple Phase II studies in combination with adagrasib, ipilimumab and axitinib. For our early stage assets, we recently presented data at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting for CDK2 and our newly disclosed bispecific TGFBR2 PD-1 antibody. And lastly, we recently announced the approval of Zynyz for Merkel cell carcinoma, which is currently in Phase III trials in squamous cell anal carcinoma and non-small cell lung cancer. Turning to slide 24. We have several programs progressing in MPNs in graft versus host disease. Zilurgisertib is in dose escalation. We are currently at doses of 400 milligrams once daily in combination with ruxolitinib, and we were adding a treatment arm for newly diagnosed patients. We continue to see signs of clinical activity, including decreased levels of hepcidin as well as hemoglobin responses with no dose limiting toxicities to date. For our BET inhibitor, dose escalation is ongoing, where we are currently at doses of 6 milligrams once daily in combination with ruxolitinib. In monotherapy and in combination therapy, we have seen reductions in spleen length and volume as well as improvements in both symptoms and hemoglobin, suggesting 57643 is an active compound. INCA33989, our mutant CALR antibody is on track to enter the clinic later this year and the study evaluating Cellenkos' CK0804 in combination with ruxolitinib continues to progress. Lastly, we expect results from the AGAVE-201 study later this year. Before moving on to the next slide, I did want to speak briefly on the CRL for ruxolitinib XR. The FDA determined that while bioequivalence was achieved in the area under the curve or AUC, they had questions around [indiscernible] and its correlation with efficacy. We will work with the FDA to determine the appropriate next steps and we will provide an update at that time. Turning to slide 25. Preclinical data from our CDK2 and TGFBR2 PD-1 bispecific. INCB123667, a selective oral small molecule CDK2 inhibitor is in a Phase I dose ranging study in advanced solid tumors. CDK2 in complex with Cyclin E is a cell cycle regulator, which when inhibited has been shown to suppress tumor growth, mainly in Cyclin E high tumor models in vivo. On the right is INCB33890, a TGFBR2 PD-1 bispecific, which has been engineered to invoid the known toxicity of broad TGF-beta pathway blockade. 33890 has a tenfold higher affinity for PD-1 and TGFBR2 and blocks TGF-beta signaling in cells co-expressing PD-1, thus potentially protecting normal tissue. Preclinical in vivo data presented at AACR showed that 33890 has a greater antitumor effect and individual benchmark antibodies or a simple combination of these. Turning to slide 26. For the remainder of the year, we expect numerous data readouts and important strategic decisions for many of our high potential programs and we look forward to updating you throughout the year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth with total product revenues of $693 million, representing an increase of 14% over the first quarter of 2022. Total product revenues are comprised of Jakafi, other hematology oncology products, which include Iclusig, Pemazyre and Minjuvi and Opzelura. Jakafi net product revenues for the first quarter were $580 million, which reflects continued growth in patient demand across all indications, partially offset by higher gross to net deductions as a result of both contributions to close the medicare gap and commercial co-pay assistance in line with prior year's first quarter as well as an increase in 340B. The quarter was also negatively impacted by lower than normal channel inventory at quarter end due to the timing of certain customer purchases. Other hematology oncology net product revenues were $57 million, representing a 17% increase compared to the first quarter of 2022 driven by patient demand, partially offset by unfavorable changes in FX rates. On a constant currency basis, the other hematology oncology net product revenues grew by 22% over the prior year period. Finally, Opzelura net product revenues for the quarter were $57 million, representing a 4.5 fold increase year-over-year driven by increased patient demand and expanded coverage. This year-over-year growth was partially offset by an acceleration of refills at the end of last year and by higher gross to net deductions as a result of higher medicaid utilization and higher commercial co-pay assistance, which is a typical Q1 dynamic. Turning to royalty revenues. Total royalty revenues for the quarter were $115 million and are comprised of royalties from Novartis of $77 million for Jakafi and $4 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $34 million for Olumiant. Jakafi and Olumiant royalties for the quarter were negatively impacted by FX headwinds, while Olumiant royalties were also impacted by a decrease in net product sales of Olumiant for use as a treatment for COVID-19. Excluding the impact of COVID-19 related sales and currency fluctuations, Olumiant royalties increased 37% compared to the prior year period. Moving on to slide 30, our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D and total R&D expenses were $404 million and $407 million, respectively, for the first quarter. Total R&D expenses increased 15% year-over-year, driven primarily by the progression of our pipeline including the expansion of the clinical development program evaluating ruxolitinib cream in additional indications and the progression of Povorcitinib into pivotal studies, and were partially offset by lower upfront and milestone expenses in 2023. Total SG&A expenses were $316 million for the first quarter. SG&A year-over-year growth was driven primarily by promotional activities launched at the beginning of the year to support Opzelura in AD and in Vitiligo and the timing of certain other expenses. Moving on to our guidance for 2023. As a result of Jakafi's strong demand growth, we are raising the bottom end of our full year Jakafi guidance range of $2.53 billion to $2.63 billion to a new range of $2.55 billion to $2.63 billion. We are reaffirming our other hematology oncology revenues COGS, R&D and SG&A guidance for the year. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the floor for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Two questions here for me. One is, given the first quarter headwinds for Opzelura, where you saw an increase in commercial co-pay and higher medicaid utilization, which led to the higher gross to net. How should we think about the gross to net for the rest of 2023? And maybe you could discuss the disconnect with IQVIA scripts and whether this is driven purely by higher medicaid utilization? And then secondly, with regard to the CRL for QD Jakafi, what is your view on the base case on the path forward here? And how does this impact the combo program with BET and ALK2 in terms of your registrational path, would you run a Phase III combo with BID Jakafi and then do bridging studies? Or is there -- or does the past you have ongoing kind of still stand and look forward? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Salveen, it's Christiana. Let me take the first two questions on gross to net and IQVIA, and then I will turn it to Steven. First of all, regarding Opzelura gross net, there were two main factors that impacted gross to net in Q1. First one is the higher co-pay and deductibles at the beginning of the plan year and this is typical. We see it every -- for every product. In the first quarter, those deductibles and co-pays are higher and we are paying them down, which are impacting gross to net. The second is an increase in medicaid utilization and that was driven by the very rapid uptake that we saw for Opzelura across all 50 states. That increase in medicaid utilization had two components that impacted Q1. The first one was the utilization that we saw for medicaid in Q1. And the second one is related to the actual claims for Q3 and Q4 received during Q1 which were higher than we were expecting. And therefore, there are certain true-ups related to those claims for Q3 and Q4 that are reflected in Q1. So the average gross to net for the quarter was 60%, but as we look at the average for the year, we continue to expect this to be at around 50%. The first factor, the higher co-pays and deductibles that we saw in Q1 are expected to come down through the course of the year. And in terms of the medicaid, even though the utilization will be higher, the true-ups that we saw in this quarter are not expected to continue at the same level in subsequent quarters. So that's in terms of the gross to net. Regarding IQVIA, as we have discussed in the past, the IQVIA data is not fully reflective or accurate relative to our actual numbers. So it's good to look at it directionally, but there are a couple of things that are happening with the IQVIA data. One is it includes free drug. And as we have discussed in this past, I expect that, that is at around 20% of the total scripts that you are seeing. The second is that there is an overestimation. We were expecting this to be at around 5% to 10%, which is typical for newly launched products, but we see some variation in the level of our estimation during the quarter and that can be as high as 20%. So it's better to look at the IQVIA data more in terms of the trend.
Herve Hoppenot: But the trend -- Herve here, the trend is sort of reflecting the demand that we are observing ourselves. It's just that IQVIA is in fact overestimating a little bit by 10% to 20% depending on the region.
Steven Stein: And then, Salveen, in terms of your question on the CRL for ruxolitinib XR, as I said in my prepared remarks and the FDA was clear that we had met the area under the curve criteria for rux XR versus IR, but had concerns on the lower [indiscernible] theoretical concerns that it may potentially impact efficacy. In terms of the base case, it's hard to say right now how long it will take, but we're absolutely marching forward the intent to get rux XR approved, and we'll work with the FDA on the various options, which may include modeling or some other work that needs to be done, we'll update you as soon as we know. It does not impact either the BET or the ALK2 program that continue to march forward, again, as I said in my prepared remarks. And in terms of moving into pivotal studies, you are correct, we will proceed with the rux IR with the intent to do bridging work on the back end to an FDC. Just to mention that the fixed-dose combination work is not impacted by anything to date, and that continues to move forward for both BET and ALK2 as well. Thanks.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Eva Privitera from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Eva Privitera: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking our questions. My first is also on the gross to net and more specifically on the shift towards medicaid. Do you expect this to continue into Q2 and for the rest of the year? Is this slightly permanent?
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Eva. It's Christiana. The medicaid utilization or the uptake was faster than we were expecting. So now we have Opzelura available under medicaid in all 50 states. So the increase is not expected to be at that same level, but we would expect to continue to see those levels of medicaid utilization. So it go to the levels that we're expecting eventually, but the uptake was faster than what we were expecting.
Eva Privitera: Great. Thanks. And to follow up on the full year expectation for gross to net to be roughly around 50%. So given that Q1 was 60%. Is the assumption correct that the rest of the year, the average should be around in the high 40s?
Christiana Stamoulis: You would expect the gross to net to gradually come down through the course of the year.
Eva Privitera: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. So we also had a question on Opzelura. I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on when in the coming quarters, you might feel comfortable providing a breakout of sales and/or scripts between vitiligo and AD? And is guidance for the product, either total guidance or indication specific guidance something you would consider for this year? And then we had a follow-up.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Vikram. Let me start, and then I will turn it to Barry. In terms of the guidance for Opzelura, we want to see more quarters of the uptake before we can provide guidance for -- annual guidance for Opzelura. We are still early in the launch for vitiligo. We still want to see how fast patients will be activated and have more information on the refills before we are comfortable to provide guidance. So let me turn it to Barry for the scrip question.
Barry Flannelly: So just vitiligo as far as we can tell at this point, as we estimated, it seems to be about 30% of the total RXs are related to vitiligo. Vitiligo growth is continuing and we'll have to have more time to figure out exactly how many vitiligo refills will have for patients. But as we said in the past, we fully believe that on average, over time, the life of patients should be receiving about 10 tubes.
Vikram Purohit: Understood. That's helpful. And then for a follow-up, we had a question on the LIMBER ALK2 combination data expected in the second half of this year. Could you just help us kind of characterize how many patients, what level of follow-up we could see and what you would consider to be a good outcome here? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes, Vikram, thank you for the question. So just to separate each program and deal with it separately, as I said in my prepared remarks, and I'll deal with BET first, it's really encouraging to see that both with monotherapy, we see spleen volume reduction, symptom improvement and hemoglobin response and in combination with ruxolitinib as well. So we aim in an appropriate meeting in the second half of the year to show as much data as we can. It's hard to quantitate that for you right now because different meetings have different cutoffs. But you can get a sense of where we are in terms of the combination dosing thus far. And then we'll proceed with registrational intent decisions by the end of the year sort of time frame. For ALK2, we've seen both, again, in monotherapy good hepcidin suppression and some evidence of early hemoglobin responses and then in combination as well. But it looks like we're going to have to go to higher doses than we initially projected there. And also we have no dose-limiting toxicities. So that's good as well. And the same sort of thing, hard to quantitate for you exactly how many patients. We'll be presenting at the appropriate meeting the second half of the year because of cutoffs, but it's appreciable numbers, and we're able to enroll both studies well. And the same intent to declare registrational intent programs in that time frame as well because both are proceeding well. Thanks.
Vikram Purohit: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist. Your line is now live. Kripa, perhaps your phone is on mute.
Kripa Devarakonda: Sorry about that. Thank you for taking my question. So I have a couple of big-picture questions. When I look at the pipeline mix right now, it seems like maybe this time of the timeframe, but there seems to be a gradual switch towards inflammatory diseases maybe it'll shift away from oncology. And even within oncology, the earlier stage programs seem to be more focused on biologics with at least a few of the small molecule programs being discontinued. Is this just a dynamic shift or is it intentional? And then a question on the proposed EU legislation. I just would love to get your thoughts on it. And if you think that it could potentially impact Incyte or if Incyte could be immune from it because of the market you target? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: Let me take some of that, and maybe Steven can speak and Dash on the pipeline. Starting on the EU legislation, frankly, you -- I mean, what we have seen is a proposed draft. It's not yet even close to be the final one. It has impact on exclusivity, which is obviously the key for the entire biotech industry. So we live with patents and patent rights. And that will be the subject of our efforts in Europe to make it work for us. I mean Incyte is a company investing in R&D. And the only way we can be valuable in the long-term is with enough patent and exclusivity after that. So that's the big picture. I frankly, I'm not yet ready to speak about the specifics of it because it's a lot of work on our side to identify where we will specifically be impacted or not by the new registration, which, by the way, will take time to be implemented. I mean it's not a very short-term thing. On the portfolio, it is clear that we have been moving resources into inflammation and dermatology, but not just dermatology, I mean you heard the scope of the program we have for povorcitinib, we have auremolimab coming also very soon. We have rux cream which is in dermatology. And they are all three very important program. We are not moving away from oncology, but we are certainly consolidating our portfolio in immunology. And I think it's an important move for Incyte over the past few years of sort of becoming now a company that has two different franchises that are fueling the growth and the derm or immunology and oncology are coexisting. Remember, we have a lot of synergies in research because a lot of the work we are doing there can be leading to products that can be used in cancer and could also be used in non-oncology indication. So regarding the biologics, frankly, we have, bispecific, we have antibodies and we have small molecules. We treat them equally. So there is no strategic goal of moving away from small molecule, for example, like you have heard from some other companies. In our case, we are totally committed to each of them. It just happened that some of the targets we are pursuing and you saw that with CALR, for example, are well suited for an antibody or biologic type of approach, and that's what's driving the mix between biologic and small molecules for there.
Kripa Devarakonda: Okay. Thank you so much. That's really helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Jessica Fye: Okay. Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Couple on Jakafi. First, where does duration of therapy with Jakfi and MF stand historically? And have you seen that evolving at all? Is there any change in duration of therapy baked into the 2023 guidance? And then I think you mentioned the change in inventory year-over-year. Was there a sequential change in inventory relative to the fourth quarter?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So Jessica, this is Barry. So in terms of duration of therapy for MF, it's about 21 months as far as we can tell, but many patients are on drug. They've been on drug since the Phase II study. So we haven't seen any change at all particularly if there's a couple of drugs that might be used in the second line setting, we haven't seen it. In fact, the growth for MF for this quarter is the highest that we've seen year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. And we'll let the inventory go question -- go over to Christiana.
Christiana Stamoulis: So Jessica, regarding the inventory, we ended Q1 with channel inventory levels that were slightly below the low end of the normal range. The normal range that we see is 2.5 to 3 weeks of hand of channel inventory. And that had to do with the timing of certain customer orders. In terms of the impact, when you look at this relative to Q1 of last year, the impact is at around $11 million. Q4, both this past year and the year before ended up being at the higher end of the range, but within normal levels. And again, this quarter, we fell slightly below the low end of the range.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, there. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On Opzelura, can you talk about what you're observing with regards to refills in the past few months? Are you seeing refills normalized in March and April? What's your latest thinking on the average number of tubes per year patients will be getting there. And then with regards to Jakafi, I'm curious what you're seeing that prompted the raise in the lower end of the guidance range? Any differences in demand versus your expectations changes in your expected -- expectations for competitive dynamics in the back half of the year or something else? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. This is Barry. So Opzelura and Jakafi. So Opzelura just in terms of, yes, in March and April, refills have normalized. So we've said in the past and it seems to be holding up that refills account for at least 30% of the TRxs, so that will continue. In terms of the number of tubes for patient, it differs, obviously, between AD and Vitiligo. In AD, when we can follow a cohort of patients for at least 12 months, we can see that they average currently about two tubes per patient or a little above two tubes per patient. For Vitiligo, we fully anticipate that patients will, in fact, be using many more tubes. We've projected or forecasted about 10 tubes per patient over time. We haven't been able to follow a cohort of patients for vitiligo patients to see exactly what the refills are, but we know they'll continue to increase. And as far as Jakafi goes, the dynamics are there. I mean, in fact, we're growing at a good rate in terms of demand in the first quarter and going forward. I think as we said before, in terms of new patient growth, it's been the best that we've seen since the launch of the brand. So we're very encouraged by that, and that generally carries through to the rest of the year. So we're growing total patients and total demand in MF, PV and GVHD. So that's what led to the tightening of the guidance.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks, Barry.
Herve Hoppenot: Yes. Brian, on the refill, I think it is a key question for Opzelura. To put it in perspective, we had -- when we launched this calibration, I would say, it would be two to three tube for atopic derm, it could be up to 10 for vitiligo. What we are observing is that we are now north of two for atopic derm. So that's the good thing. And it's evolving. It's a number that is increasing. And frankly, for vitiligo, we don't have enough patients treated over a 12 months period to know where it is. But it is when you do the modeling, it is the one thing that is giving the curve a very different shape. So a lot of the commercial effort we do today is obviously bringing new patients to their dermatologist asking for Opzelura. But the other side is refills and getting the refills done for vitiligo because that's what's going to impact the revenue for the next year.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Just to go back for a minute to gross to net. Is it still your expectation to exit the year at 50% gross to net? I know that you're expecting GTN to improve as the year progresses. But given where you started off with the 1Q results, how are you thinking about that guidance for the rest of the year? And then secondly, as it relates to the LIMBER program, just with the retirement of your pursuit of parsa how should we be thinking about LIMBER going forward? And can you highlight some of the potential catalysts for that program in the nearer term? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Tazeen. It's Christiana. I'll take the first part of the question on gross to net. As I indicated, we do expect the gross to net to improve through the course of the year to come down from the 60% level that we saw in Q1 and to -- average for the year around that 50% level that we had indicated in the past. Again, some of the drivers that contributed to the higher gross to net in Q1 are expected to improve through the year, and that's both related to the higher deductibles and co-pays assistant that we typically see in the first quarter of the year as well as the higher medicaid utilization and especially the true-ups related to actual claims for prior quarters received in this quarter.
Steven Stein: And Tazeen, in terms of LIMBER program. So as I said earlier, both BET and ALK2 will deliver a recommended Phase II, Phase III doses in combination with rux by the end of this year and then we'll declare registration intent programs for both very important programs with different intents, just BET both in terms of spleen reduction and symptom response and then ALK2 to the additive hemoglobin response from that. CALR will enter the clinic in the middle of the year and will declare itself in terms of safety and efficacy relatively quickly given its mechanism of action and we can follow CALR allele burden reduction. And then in graft versus host disease, axatilimab, the AGAVE-201 results will come in as well and will hopefully be a filing opportunity in third line graft versus host disease. We'll continue the rux XR work and work with the FDA on the path forward and continue the FTC work. So still a very active program underway with LIMBER. Thanks.
Tazeen Ahmad: Thanks. Can you clarify what would be a good data for the BET study?
Steven Stein: Yes. No, I think the idea is to get to the right therapeutic ratio in terms of BET. So we know that the on-target toxicity thrombocytopenia and in combination with rux to declare what the right dose is to use in combination. You may see a dosing paradigm evolve that is platelet count directed and different doses being used depending on patients' platelet counts maybe the right way forward for a best combination. Stay tuned on that. Thanks.
Tazeen Ahmad: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Reni Benjamin from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Reni Benjamin: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Can you give us an idea as to the split between medicare, commercial and the 340B hospitals? And ultimately call it by the end of the year, what that split might be? And what's, frankly, the ideal split for you guys? And then I have a follow-up.
Herve Hoppenot: For Jakafi?
Barry Flannelly: Yes, he means for Jakafi. So -- this is Barry. So for medicare, we are a heavy medicare drug just because of the age of the patients and diseases that we're treating. So it's about 50% that is medicare, about 16% or so of our volume currently is going to 340B institutions and mostly the rest is commercial, but it's a variety of things. And remember that included in the 340B is some commercial patients as well. So it's really -- that's -- the rest is just a little bit of VA and other government ordering. And it will continue the same for the rest of the year. The 340B is it grows and it's going to continue to grow for everybody, but it will grow at a reasonable rate, we just had a little bit of a bump this quarter and that's why we pointed it out.
Reni Benjamin: Got it. Okay. And then just switching gears to both Monjuvi and Pemazyre. I'm trying to get a sense as to -- sticking with Monjuvi, the upcoming sort of inflection points, when these trials might ultimately read out? And at what point you kind of look at, call it, the new indications and either kind of assess whether this will be a commercial success or it's something that you ultimately write off? And we saw some great data, I thought, at Pemazyre at AACR, I'm kind of curious what your plans are in terms of either doubling down on Pemazyre and some other tumor indications or do you kind of feel the commercial opportunities maxed out?
Steven Stein: I'll take the development side of those questions, Ren. Thank you. So for Monjuvi, both the follicular and the frontline diffuse large B cell studies have enrolled incredibly well. We expect data on -- in mind, the follicular marginal zone trial in the second half of next year and frontline the year after, very important studies in this arena to get data on and I certainly feel will be important for patients there. And thanks for also pointing out the Pemazyre, Pemigatinib data at AACR. I think if you have tumors that are driven biologically by either FGFR1, 2 or 3 and that is the oncogenic driver, then perturbing that with a good inhibitor, which Pemazyre is you can see results. And so we have ongoing work in glioblastoma multiforme where we are seeing activity there, and we'll see whether that translates to a more fuller registration program down the line with massive unmet need there as well. Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So just in terms of the commercial potential for Monjuvi, obviously, the first-line diffuse large B cell lymphoma is extremely important to us. We think we have a good chance of succeeding there. So those patients are in the curative setting. So it's extremely important to us. So the opportunity there is large. We're studying in a particularly high-risk population, which I think will benefit everyone in indolent lymphoma or follicular lymphoma. Again, they're in combination with R-squared Rituxan and Revlimid compared to our drug Monjuvi. And R-squared I think we have a good chance of succeeding there as well, and we have the opportunity to really take over that market share. As Steven said, for Pemazyre, it's a good product. There's a few cholangiocarcinoma patients. Now we have an MLN indication. We don't really know how many MLN patients there are. It's a very rare tumor type. But in fact, as we have more physicians, clinicians testing for FGFR1 rearrangements, we'll find out exactly how many MLN patients are. And as Steven says, we have ongoing work with Pemazyre and we have hope that we can bring some relief to patients with GBM.
Reni Benjamin: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO. Your line is now live.
Conor MacKay: This is Conor MacKay on for Evan. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe just one on the Opzelura launch in the EU. Any nuances there versus the launch in the U.S. in terms of SG&A expenses or expectations for uptake? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot: Yes. So I mean, the EU, I mean, one of the news today is the quality of the label for Opzelura in Europe. It's a very good level. It's for vitiligo. So the sequence is very different from the U.S. where we started with AD followed by vitiligo. There, we are vitiligo first and then additional indication will come in the future. We have a team in Germany for the next year or so, like 12 months, most of the activity in Europe will be in Germany because that would be the place where we have reimbursement. So it is, in fact, the coverage of the approval was excellent on multi TVs and the newspaper, it was something fairly noisy there and the team is getting prepared for a launch that could be happening in July. So that's the timing. In terms of SG&A or resources, we have them in place. So you should not anticipate an increase in the next quarter that will be related to the launch of Opzelura in Europe.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hey congrats on the progress and thank you for this update. We have a question about the LIMBER program. What are some of the lessons learned from the parsaclisib studies? And is ALK2 now the top priority in your LIMBER program? And then what kind of patient numbers and duration of follow-up should we expect at ASCO on the ALK2 program? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Jay, hi. It's Steven. Thanks. I think in terms of the past studies, obviously, it's unfortunate that they did not meet the criteria to continue past their interim analysis in terms of futility. In lessons learned, I mean, we always learn from studies and from patients. We learned how to enroll efficiently around the world, find these patients and a lot of learnings on the operational side. On the clinical side, we again had a good Phase II signal, which didn't pan out in Phase III. And that, as you know, happens about half the time in hematology oncology. And the important thing is just to do things efficiently and focus on doing the right things for patients and their families in terms of the shutdown of the studies, which we're doing now and then pivot into the other programs. Just to manage in terms of what you said, it will not be at ASCO in terms of updates BET and ALK2 meetings in the second half of the year. And as I said earlier, it's hard to be precise on patient numbers that we'll be able to present, but both the monotherapy and combination work has gone well. And we're at doses with ALK2 around 400 milligrams in combo with rux currently, no dose-limiting toxicities. We are seeing hemoglobin responses, but we can go higher. And that's what -- so we'll continue to dose escalate there and I can't give you precision on numbers right now on a meeting yet. Thanks.
Jay Olson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just another follow-up on LIMBER. Steve, as you think about the ALK2 and the BET combinations. How do you think those could be positioned perhaps relative to the emerging competitive landscape in the MS space, where we have the Navitoclax combo going on as well and then potentially momelotinib coming in later this summer? Thanks so much.
Steven Stein: So Michael, I'll start some of my colleagues may add things after it. I think there is still unmet need there despite rux being a fantastically successful drug and great for patients in terms of spleen symptoms and overall survival. Just to talk individually about the programs, that addresses both spleen reduction and associated symptom improvement and it's clearly an active compound both with a competitor and with ours as well, as I just alluded to in my prepared remarks. So we'll continue to progress, get to a recommended dose and address those needs. ALK2 is a difference. Here, it's about addressing the anemia component of the disease, both the underlying disease of myelofibrosis and potentially the drug-induced anemia from rux as well. And again, as I said in my remarks, we've seen the directionally hemoglobin responses that we want, but we can keep going in terms of dose increases. I think just because you mentioned it in terms of momelotinib, the study, MOMENTUM study is after rux against danazol and it probably works through ALK inhibition as well as far as we can tell. But it is not as good a JAK inhibitors as rux as we saw from the early SIMPLIFY study where there were noninferior to rux. So we expect, and we'll see what the FDA does that they'll have a label post-rux there, and it's a different need for patients there in terms of that. I don't know if anybody else wants to add anything?
Herve Hoppenot: Maybe I can say a word on the picture is really JAK inhibitors are the backbone of all the combinations. So -- and there, you see ruxolitinib is obviously the most important JAK to combine with because it has all these benefits and survival. So there, ALK2 and BET, the question is where do you start introducing a combination versus a single-agent JAK inhibitor. That's what we looked at with our suboptimal responder studies we were doing with parsaclisib. And you can imagine that with the BET inhibitor, you could do the same type of positioning of just letting patients start on Jakafi alone and then go to the combination. With ALK2, there is another dimension, which is that it could be a very good combination partner in the first line by definition because it's not adding to the safety profile or the toxicity profile, and it could help, in fact, in terms of anemia. So BET and ALK are not really exactly at the same stage of disease progression in MF, and ALK2 could be used earlier than BET in many of the patients. Now we'll see -- we'll do the experiments, we'll do the clinical trial. But at the end of the day, that's what we are looking at. And then there is a question of can you treat patients with MF who are refractory to Jakafi with a non-JAK based type of treatment and that's also something that for a BET inhibitor, we could test in the late-stage setting.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just had two questions. And the first, I'm curious about your thoughts on any potential change from a clinical either enrollment or trial process in the HS arena, given the pending approval for Cosentyx, at least in the U.S., I know it was just approved outside the U.S.? And I'm curious about the planned study for povorcitinib in asthma. And can you speak to where you think the potential opportunity is from a clinical context there?
Steven Stein: Sure. Thanks for the question. We saw this povorcitinib data that, again, I alluded to in my prepared remarks at a meeting earlier this year, which was incredibly well received. And as I said, with the first time ever reported HiSCR100 responses in terms of complete disappearance of abscess and nodules and no new fistulas. And I think that data is driving enrollment in the Phase III program in STOP-HS1 and HS2 incredibly well. I mean so a lot of interest there. I don't see any impact, quite frankly, from the approvals of biologics there and a lot of excitement for the agents and we expect to get those studies done very, very efficiently. Asthma, the pathophysiology here is, again, relevant JAK stat biology in terms of the cytokines that it affects beyond IL-4 and IL-5, IL-13 as well. T helper 2 biology. It's targeting the moderate severe plus asthmatics. So people who are on moderate plus doses of inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting bronchodilators and are still having exacerbations on a yearly basis, plus still have a subnormal forced expiratory volume. So it's for the more severe patients who still having exacerbations and that's a population will be targeting to get to proof-of-concept with povorcitinib in asthma. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Gavin Clarke-Gartner from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Hey, thanks for taking the question. So for Jakafi and myelofibrosis specifically, roughly what percent of patients are on the lower 5-milligram dose? And just wondering if you think these patients could be at higher risk from other JAK competition?
Barry Flannelly: All I can say is that, 5-milligram, so I don't know exactly for how many myelofibrosis patients around 5 milligram. What we do know is that maybe about 25% of the bottles that we dispense are 5-milligram tablets. But as you can imagine, most of those are actually PV and GVHD patients. Now what's at risk in myelofibrosis as well. We continue to grow strong in myofibrosis. We continue to go up in the treatment paradigm, meaning that newly diagnosed patients more often are coming on Jakafi, and therefore, they're better, they're less anemic and they're better able to gain a spleen response and a survival advantage in that particular setting. So regardless of whether patients were anemic or not to survival benefits, spleen benefit and symptom benefit remains the same as patients who were not anemic. So that's what's most important. We're not -- we think that any competitors that are coming will mostly be moved to the second-line setting. We've seen that with fedratinib and pacritinib, and we think that will continue just because of the advantages that Jakafi has for all patients regardless of dose.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Christine for any further closing comments.
Christine Chiou: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Incyte Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results Conference Call and webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Christine.
Christine Chiou : Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the Investors section of our website. Joining me on the call today are Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks; and Dash, who will join us for the Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our reports filed with the SEC. We will now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot : Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. 2022 was another successful year in which we delivered strong commercial performance and made significant advancements across all stages of our oncology and dermatology pipeline. Revenues from our current portfolio of commercialized products grew 18% year-over-year, both in the fourth quarter and for the full year to $764 million and $2.7 billion, respectively. Total revenues for the year, which include our royalty, grew 14% to $3.4 billion. As we look across our portfolio, the drivers of this double-digit growth are the continued commercial execution for Jakafi, net sales of which increased $275 million in the year to reach $2.4 billion and initial contributions from recently launched products and indications, including Minjuvi and Pemazyre in Europe and Japan and Opzelura in the U.S. I want to touch briefly on Opzelura, which we believe will be a significant growth driver for Incyte. Opzelura was approved in September 2021 for atopic dermatitis. And this past July, we received approval and launched Opzelura in vitiligo as the first FDA-approved therapy for repigmentation. The approval was well received by dermatologists, patients and patient advocacy group and the launch has been very successful. Strong patient demand and increasing formulary access drove net sales of $61 million in the fourth quarter and $129 million for the full year. In 2023, we expect an approval for Opzelura in vitiligo in Europe, which adds another layer of growth for the franchise. Turning now to our regulatory and R&D achievements. Our clinical development pipeline is focused on three therapeutic areas: MPN GVHD, other hematology and oncology, and dermatology. And we made significant progress across each of these three areas. In LIMBER, we presented new data from ongoing combination studies and disclosed an important new discovery asset targeting mutant CALR which has the potential to be a disease-modifying therapy for approximately 30% of patients in MF and ET. In other hematology and oncology, we presented updated data for our oral PD-L1 inhibitor 280, which shows promise both as a monotherapy and combination agent. We also progressed parsaclisib into Phase 3 for warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia, a disease in which there are no approved therapies. And in dermatology, we continue to expand our portfolio with Opzelura and povorcitinib, focusing in disease area where there is a significant unmet need.  Lastly, we had two important updates relating to patents. The first is that Incyte earned pediatric exclusivity, which entitled Incyte to six months of exclusivity added to our patents for Jakafi and Opzelura. This expands our ability to enforce our Jakafi patents through December 2028. This expansion further applied to our existing Opzelura patent. In addition, late last year, we obtained an issued patent and allowed claims for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and vitiligo, respectively. We are confident in the strength of these claims permitting us to protect Opzelura out to 2040 in the U.S. Before moving into the outlook for 2023, I wanted to take a moment to look back at the growth of our product revenues as shown on Slide 6. Over the past five years, approvals for new products and indications as well as strong commercial execution of our existing portfolio, has allowed us to grow our product revenues at a CAGR of 18%. On Slide 7, looking at our historical operational performance. On the left is our revenues versus our total R&D and SG&A spend. We have delivered strong operational performance over the past five years with total revenue growing at a 17% CAGR and our operating expenses growing at a 13% CAGR. On the right, we are showing our operating leverage, excluding the impact of dermatology on revenues, and sales and marketing expenses. Here, you can see our operating performance is even more pronounced. We can expect to drive further operating leverage over time with our high-growth dermatology franchise, which is in early stages of launch and where we could see two additional approvals in the near term. Turning to Slide 8. As we look ahead for Incyte, there are four main drivers of sustainable growth, and we are already making significant progress in each of these areas and expect to continue to strong momentum throughout -- to continue the strong momentum throughout 2023. The first driver is our Jakafi franchise and LIMBER program, where we aim to expand our leadership in MPN and GVHD. In 2023, beyond the approval of ruxolitinib XR, we expect important data, including pivotal results for our parsaclisib combination in suboptimal responders to Jakafi in MF. Next is Opzelura where we are launching in AD and vitiligo and where in 2023, we will be launching in Europe. In other areas of clinical development, we expect new data from our oral PD-L1 program and povorcitinib in prurigo nodularis and vitiligo. Lastly, we will be monitoring early data from our CDK2 and mutant CALR program. With that, I would like to pass the call to Barry.
Barry Flannelly : Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, Jakafi net sales grew 9% year-over-year to $647 million and grew 13% for the full year to $2.4 billion. Total patient demand rose 7% in 2022, driven by an increase in new patients across all indications. The launch of Jakafi in chronic GVHD continues to be strong with the total number of patients in Q4 growing 11% versus prior year quarter. A key driver of growth in GVHD is the duration of therapy; and based on recent data, the average duration, which includes both acute and chronic, is approximately 15 months.  On Slide 11, as you can see on the left, Jakafi has grown consistently year-over-year ranging from $200 million to $250 million each year. We expect to continue strong growth in 2023 with full year net product revenues to be between $2.53 billion to $2.63 billion. Turning to Opzelura on Slide 12. We had a strong quarter for Opzelura with continued double-digit sequential growth in patient demand in atopic dermatitis and a very successful launch in vitiligo. As you can see on the chart on the right, total demand, which includes both free and paid drug, grew 34% in Q4 versus prior quarter to reach 84,700 units, driven by both new patient growth and an increasing number of refills. Paid demand, as shown by the light blue bars, grew 52% in Q4, driven by continued improvements in formulary access. As a result, net sales grew 61% versus prior quarter to $61 million. Total full year net sales for Opzelura were $129 million. Looking ahead, we expect both AD and vitiligo to be significant growth drivers for Opzelura. In AD, Opzelura is the #1 prescribed branded agent for new AD patients and its impact on itch, which remains unmatched by any other topical therapy continues to be the primary driver of prescribing. We expect the efficacy profile of Opzelura to continue to drive uptake in AD. In terms of additional near-term growth opportunities, pending the results from the Phase 3 trial, we could see an approval in pediatric AD next year for two to 11-year olds. In vitiligo, the size of the market and the potential opportunity is substantial. There are an estimated 1.5 million patients diagnosed with vitiligo in the U.S. And prior to Opzelura's approval, an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 patients were motivated to seek treatment. As you know, Opzelura is the first and only product to be approved to help patients repigment their skin and this provides us with an opportunity to activate many of the 1.3 million patients that are naive to treatment or who have stopped seeking treatment altogether. And in the next few months, we expect the approval of Opzelura in vitiligo in Europe, where there are an estimated 1.5 million diagnosed patients living with the disease. Slide 14 shows a few examples of patient advocacy and consumer activity within the vitiligo community. We are already seeing high awareness and excitement for Opzelura from patients, and we will continue to build on that momentum throughout the year, including the commencement of TV direct-to-consumer this quarter.  And lastly, on Monjuvi, Minjuvi and Pemazyre. Monjuvi sales in Q4 were $24 million, up 13% year-over-year, and revenues were $89 million for the year. The launch of Minjuvi is ongoing in four markets, and we continue to gain reimbursement in other European countries. Net sales for the full year were $20 million, which includes a negative $2 million of foreign exchange impact. Pemazyre grew to $83 million in net sales in 2022 with $20 million coming from outside the U.S.; again, negatively impacted by foreign exchange by $3 million. In the U.S. Pemazyre continues to grow in total patients on therapy and is established as the standard of care for patients living with cholangiocarcinoma with FGFR2 alterations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein : Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. We made significant progress across our clinical development portfolio in 2022. We had multiple clinical and regulatory achievements throughout the year and I would like to use the next few slides to highlight a few of the key programs. Starting with our LIMBER program on Slide 18. Key data were presented at the 2022 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting where we had 57 abstracts accepted for presentations. Highlighting two of those presentations, starting on the left, we presented initial results of the Phase 1/2 study evaluating our ALK2 inhibitor zilurgisertib in monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib, which demonstrated improvement in anemia and hemoglobin responses in patients with myelofibrosis. Additionally, we disclosed our discovery of 989, a novel anti-mutant calreticulin monoclonal antibody, which has been shown to selectively inhibit the proliferation and differentiation of cells harboring mutant CALR, while not affecting wild type or normal healthy cells. On the right is a list of key updates across LIMBER that are expected this calendar year. Starting with ruxolitinib XR, we have a PDUFA date of March 23 this year, and the expected approval is an important step towards fixed-dose combinations with parsaclisib, zilurgisertib and our BET inhibitor. In terms of data, we expect pivotal Phase 3 data of ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib in suboptimal responders as well as more mature data sets of ruxolitinib with ALK2 and BET in the second half of this year. Depending on what we see with our ALK2 and BET combinations, we could potentially see the start of pivotal trials with one or both of these compounds. Early in the pipeline is our anti-mutant CALR monoclonal antibody, which will enter the clinic this year. With regards to graft versus host disease, we are expecting pivotal data midyear from AGAVE-201, a study evaluating axatilimab in third-line chronic graft versus host disease.  Moving to the rest of our hematology and oncology portfolio. Key data for the small molecule oral PD-L1 program were presented at the Society of Immunotherapy of Cancer Annual Meeting. Both 280 and 318 demonstrated clinical activity with tumor shrinkage and were generally well tolerated and we expect to share more mature data set in the second half of this year. In addition, we plan to initiate combination trials of 280 with adagrasib, CTLA-4 and an oral VEGF inhibitor in the first half of this year.  INCB123667, our novel potent and selective oral small molecule inhibitor of CDK2 entered Phase 1 clinical development. Yes, we could see utility in cyclin E amplified or overexpressing cancers as well as in cancers that are resistant to CDK4/6 inhibitors. Now looking at our dermatology franchise on Slide 20. In July of last year, Opzelura gained its second indication in vitiligo. This was a huge achievement for the vitiligo community and people living with the disease. As we continue to maximize the potential with ruxolitinib cream, we initiated multiple Phase 2 studies in different conditions, including lichen planus, lichen sclerosis and hidradenitis suppurativa. In each of these diseases, there are no topical or oral therapies approved. We have many important milestones in dermatology upcoming in 2023, ruxolitinib cream, the CHMP opinion in vitiligo is currently on track for the first quarter of this year, while data from the Phase 3 vitiligo maintenance and withdrawal study and the Phase 3 pediatric AD study will be available in the first and second half, respectively. Turning to povorcitinib. We expect Phase 2 data in both vitiligo and prurigo nodularis later this year. And additionally, I want to highlight that later this week at the European Hidradenitis Suppurativa Foundation we have an oral presentation of the updated 52-week data from our Phase 2 study in HS, which should provide some additional insights into the durability of response with this agent. And lastly, auremolimab our newly acquired IL-15 receptor beta monoclonal antibody is expected to enter the clinic for vitiligo.  As you can see on Slide 21, we're looking forward to another busy year with multiple regulatory and clinical updates. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis : Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth with total product revenues of $764 million, representing an increase of 18% over the fourth quarter of 2021. Total product revenues are comprised of $647 million for Jakafi, $55 million for other hematology/oncology products and $61 million for Opzelura. Net product revenue growth was primarily driven by increases in Jakafi and Opzelura net revenues. Other hematology/oncology net revenues, which include revenues from Iclusig, Pemazyre and Minjuvi were impacted by unfavorable changes in FX rates. On a constant currency basis, other hematology/oncology net product revenues grew by 23% over the prior year period. Total royalty revenues for the quarter were $132 million and are comprised of royalties from Novartis of $91 million for Jakavi and $4 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $36 million for Olumiant. Jakavi and Olumiant royalties for the quarter were negatively impacted by FX headwinds, while Olumiant royalties were also impacted by a decrease in net product sales of Olumiant for use as a treatment for COVID-19. Excluding the impact of COVID-19 related sales and currency fluctuation, Olumiant royalties increased 23% compared to the prior year period.  For the full year 2022, total net product revenues were $2.7 billion and total revenues were $3.4 billion, representing 18% and 14% year-over-year increase, respectively. Moving to Slide 25. Opzelura net product revenues for the quarter were $61 million, driven by robust demand and broadening payer access. As payers continue to add Opzelura to formularies and the share of covered claims increase, we continue to see improvement in the gross to net discount rate. The gross to net discount rate decreased from an average of 71% in the third quarter of 2022 to an average of 57% in the fourth quarter of this year, and we exited 2022 at a gross to net discount rate of 50%. While we will continue to work on reducing patient co-pay and in turn, improving gross to net, an average gross to net of 50% is a good working assumption for 2023 with a gross net discount in the first quarter of the year expected to be higher than subsequent quarters as plans reset patient deductibles at the beginning of the year. I would also like to take the opportunity to update you on the Opzelura prescriptions data provided by IQVIA. As you see on Slide 26, in Q4, we saw the gap between the actual number of total prescriptions and the number of prescriptions reported by IQVIA, narrowing. While the IQVIA data continues to overstate demand, this overstatement has been reduced to a level of 5% to 10%, which is within expectations for a newly launched product. In addition, it is important to note that IQVIA data reflects total demand, which includes both paid prescriptions and free drug. Going forward, free drug is expected to represent around 20% of total demand. When looking at IQVIA data, one would need to adjust for this overstatement as well as for free drug in order to get a better sense of paid demand. Moving on to Slide 27 and our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D expenses were $431 million for the fourth quarter and $1.5 billion for the full year 2022. Total R&D expenses, which include the upfront consideration of $70 million for our acquisition of Villaris were $501 million for the fourth quarter. For the full year 2022, total R&D expenses, which in addition to the Villaris upfront payment also include $56 million in other milestone payment, were $1.6 billion representing a 9% year-over-year increase. The increase was primarily due to the progression of our pipeline and was partially offset by lower upfront and milestone expenses in 2022. Total SG&A expenses were $273 million for the fourth quarter and $1 billion for the full year 2022. The year-over-year increase was driven by investments related to the new dermatology commercial organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the launch of Opzelura in atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. Moving on to 2023. I will now discuss the key components of our guidance on a GAAP basis. For Jakafi, we expect net product revenues to be in the range of $2.53 billion to $2.63 billion, which at the midpoint represents an increase of approximately $170 million over 2022, driven by continued growth across all indications. We expect our gross to net adjustments for 2023 to be approximately 23%, reflecting expected continued growth in 340B volumes. As a reminder, the gross to net adjustment in the first quarter of the year is always higher relative to other quarter and previous quarter and subsequent quarters due to our share of the donut hole for Medicare participation. For other hematology/oncology products, which include Pemazyre in the U.S., EU and Japan, and Iclusig and Minjuvi in Europe, we are expecting total net product revenues to be in the range of $215 million to $225 million. Turning to operating expenses on a GAAP basis, we expect COGS in a range of 7% to 8% of net product revenues, which is in line with 2022. R&D expenses are expected to be in the range of $1.61 billion to $1.65 billion, representing 3% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. SG&A expenses are expected to be in the range of $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion, primarily reflecting continued investment in Opzelura and the full year impact of the investment in the vitiligo indication. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter : Congratulations on the quarter. Two questions for me. One is, I recognize you do not provide Opzelura guidance for this year. But can you provide any details on duration of treatment or number of tubes per year in average for an AD patient and how it might play out in vitiligo. And are there any inventory dynamics to highlight here? The second question is on the BET and ALK2 inhibitor combinations. Can you speak to your confidence in these programs? Now given the early data, do you think that represented proof of concept? And what do you want to see on the forward to move into later-stage studies?
Barry Flannelly : Sure. Salveen, I'll answer the first part of the question -- or the first question and get it to Steven afterwards. So just in terms of duration of therapy for Opzelura in vitiligo, it's obviously very early in the launch. So as far as continued duration of therapy, you know what, the study had continued through 52 weeks and beyond. And the tubes per year, we've said before that the average tubes per year, we think will be about 10 for vitiligo patients. In terms of inventory at the end of the year, it's actually very low. The inventory was more like two to three weeks, just standard inventory that we would have on hand. Steven?
Steven Stein : Thanks, Salveen. I'll just separate out both programs. So I'll start with the ALK2 program. We are very excited at the end of the year to receive towards the end of the year the update in terms of ALK2 showing increases in hemoglobin. Prior to that, we had seen proof of mechanism in terms of hepcidin decreases, but we hadn't seen hemoglobin move. And then both in the monotherapy escalation and in combination with RUX, we saw a few patients with quite substantial hemoglobin increases, which gave us a lot more confidence in that program going forward. For this year, in the beginning of the year, we'll continue to dose escalate. We still had relatively low doses, particularly in combination with RUX to get towards a maximum effect. We don't expect to see much in terms of tolerability, in terms of negative side effects at all. The populations that would be in scope for pivotal studies to begin with, the obvious one would be anemic patients with transfusion dependence to convert them to independents, but then standard anemic patients with anemia from the underlying MF and then potentially all comers. And the reason is the dual effect, so both to treat the underlying anemia from myelofibrosis itself and then to ameliorate or even reverse the ruxolitinib-induced anemia, which will allow you to maintain RUX dose intensity. And we know when we do that, that we increase the efficacy of ruxolitinib. So we're extremely encouraged by what we've seen with ALK2. We'll continue to dose escalate and then we'll make pivotal decisions on what population or populations to go after with their program towards the end of this year.  In terms of the BET program, again, we know that pathway epigenetically is important in myelofibrosis. We see both spleen response as well as symptom responses. We also continue to dose escalate this year, particularly in combination with ruxolitinib. We'll continue to push the BET dose from 6 milligrams to 8 milligrams to 10 milligrams. We know that the on-target toxicity with BET will be thrombocytopenia. It's across the board with BET inhibitors. We've seen it with our own program, and that will be dose-limiting. The likely population there to go after the pivotal study, at least, to begin with because of that profile would be suboptimal responders. And just to note, that the competition is doing the first-line study at the moment. So the suboptimal population, we think, is wide open to go after. And again, we'll determine that towards the end of this year.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC.
Brian Abrahams : I was hoping you could unpack the Jakafi guidance a little bit more. It sounds like at the midpoint of your range, you may be expecting a little bit less contribution from both either demand growth or price growth, and it seems for our quick math that gross to net is going to be relatively stable there. So I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit more about some of the assumptions underlying that in terms of demand across different indications and net price that shapes this guidance and whether -- if dynamics perhaps remain as they are today, we could potentially see upside to that?
Barry Flannelly : Brian, it's Barry. So thanks for the question. Yes, I mean, as you know, that Jakafi is really the #1 treatment for myelofibrosis, the #1 treatment for polycythemia vera in the second-line setting and for GVHD in both the acute and chronic steroid-refractory setting. Jakafi is the #1 drug. But in terms of our guidance, the appropriateness is we think it's perfectly appropriate for right now, given the fact that we'll have actually a third competitor in the middle of the year for MF, there's two competitors for GVHD now. If you remember last year, in terms of GVHD, we had bolus of growth in the fourth quarter of 2021 as patients transitioned from our expanded access program, about more than 300 of them transferred from our expanded access program to commercial drug. So seeing that kind of growth again is not likely to happen this year, but we'll continue to see the drug grow quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year in terms of new patients, total patients in MF, PV and GVHD. But again, the guidance at this point is appropriate.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan.
Jessica Fye : Great. Looks like you hit the 50% exit rate on Opzelura gross-to-nets in the fourth quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how we should think about gross to nets in 2023 for that product and any quarter-to-quarter variability we should look out for?
Christiana Stamoulis : This is Christiana. So in terms of the gross to net in 2023, I think the 50% average rate for the year is a good working assumption. However, you will see variability during the -- between quarters and expect the rate in Q1 to be above that 50% average rate and above the rate that you will see in other quarters. And that's because, as I indicated, at the beginning of the year, you get the reset -- plan to reset deductibles for patients. And as a result, there is more for us to cover, which increases further the gross to net rate.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America.
Tazeen Ahmad : On Opzelura, will the split between vitiligo and AD influence what your gross to net will be for this year? And then secondly, longer term, do you expect any difference in compliance rates between patients on vitiligo versus AD?
Christiana Stamoulis : So I can take the first part of the question. No, we don't expect any difference in gross to net between the two indications.
Barry Flannelly : So in terms of difference between compliance rates, no, we don't expect difference. As I said before, in vitiligo, we believe that the average will be about 10 tubes per year. So obviously, these patients are staying on it for a long period of time, as long as 52 weeks and beyond. And in terms of AD, patients use it until their inflammation and itch is gone, then they generally will stop for a while. If their flare comes back, their itching comes back, their inflammation comes back, then they'll start using it again. So I believe they're compliant. It's just different diseases, obviously, some needing short-term use and some like vitiligo that are going to use it probably for a long period of time.
Tazeen Ahmad : And have you noticed any seasonality during holidays?
Barry Flannelly : Well, seasonality during holidays. Well, in holidays, generally across the board -- for all of our products generally during holidays, like Christmas and Thanksgiving, for example, you see prescription rates go down. But in terms of summer versus winter, we don't see any difference now and don't believe that there's really any evidence that there's a difference in seasonality for AD or for vitiligo. Amongst individual patients, they may perceive the difference being -- that there's differences in the summer versus winter and so forth.
Operator: Next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Purohit : The two on dermatology from our side. First, for the Phase 3 data expected later this year for RUX cream in the pediatric AD population, what would you consider a strong outcome here? And how do you size the commercial opportunity with the pediatric population versus the adult population?  And then my second question is on povorcitinib. For the data expected in the first half of this year with vitiligo, again, what would you consider a good outcome? And how do you envision povorcitinib being used if its potentially approved versus Opzelura?
Steven Stein : Vikram, hi. It's Steven. So the pediatric atopic dermatitis study, as Barry said in his prepared remarks, addresses a population from two years of age up to 11 years of age. So outside the label currently, so -- and that it's important. That's about 2 million patients in the U.S. in terms of epidemiology and the opportunity there. Safety-wise, we expect -- so efficacy-wise, firstly, we expect it to be the same as in adults. There's no reason -- the pathophysiology of the disease is the same, and we expect the same outcomes. And then safety-wise, we don't expect anything unusual either. They separate the populations out for obvious reasons like this is a time when bone growth, et cetera, is occurring. So there are other things that are monitored from a safety perspective. But from our preclinical data and then data with oral RUX, which is at much higher exposures in pediatric patients, we don't expect anything unusual there.  In povorcitinib, your second question in vitiligo, it's a different population to the RUX cream population. There is a slight overlap, but the povorcitinib indication that we go in after it is for patients with body surface area involvement of 8% or above. The current vitiligo label is 10% or below body surface area involvement, which compromises about 80% of vitiligo patients. Because of the slight overlap, it's not straight math, but the 8% or above is about 30% of vitiligo patients. And there, we think because of the more extensive vitiligo there, there will obviously be a different tolerability profile that would be accepted by patients and regulators in terms of therapeutic ratio. Every expectation of substantial efficacy, given the mechanism of action and also, we know this will be likely be treated as an oral JAK inhibitor in "inflammatory condition" from a safety perspective. And so, weve eyes-wide-open on that.  So again, substantial efficacy expected. The safety labelling, we'll deal with at the end.
Barry Flannelly : Yes. So Steven mentioned the commercial opportunity for children that are younger than 12, about 2 million. So when we think about pediatric patients overall, the percentage of pediatric patients that have eczema or atopic dermatitis is greater than adults, but there's many, many more adults. So therefore, even at lower percentage, you end up with a higher number of patients that potentially have eczema. So we think it's an exciting opportunity. We also think it's just great for patients because we believe that Opzelura is going to improve the lives of some of these patients with eczema who are younger than 12.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist.
Kripa Devarakonda : Thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on the quarter. I had questions regarding the survey results that you have for -- I think it's a doctor survey and they talked about patient candidacy. Is that growth in what the doctors are saying about patient candidacy being reflected in new patient starts? Or is there a lag? And also if you compare new prescriptions for atopic derm versus vitiligo, are you seeing the patients' candidacy stats being reflected? It seems like there's more enthusiasm in the vitiligo. I mean, granted, it's the only drug approved. And just -- I know you don't give Opzelura guidance, but I was just wondering if in the future, there is any plan to provide some sort of visibility or guidance for Opzelura?
Barry Flannelly : Sure. Kripa, this is Barry. So again, in terms of patient candidacies or surveys that we do of dermatologists, of healthcare professionals who treat these diseases, we think it does rapidly turn into increased prescription volume. For vitiligo, it just may take a little bit longer because remember, we're encouraging patients to come back because now there is a treatment for vitiligo where there never was. So to go back and see their dermatologist so that might take a little longer period of times in patients who are actively being treated for eczema but aren't getting results that they expect.  So is there more enthusiasm in vitiligo? I think there's enthusiasm for patients who are suffering with atopic dermatitis to use a drug that's as effective, particularly in terms of itch and inflammation as Opzelura. And, obviously, there's people who are very excited about using Opzelura for vitiligo and potentially changing how they feel potentially about themselves. In terms of the guidance, I'll turn it over to Christiana.
Christiana Stamoulis : Sure. So Kripa, we would like to see a few more quarters of uptake before we provide any guidance on Opzelura, which would also include vitiligo and especially around vitiligo. As Barry indicated, we are looking at the inactive patient population and how quickly they will get activated and will come to seek treatment. So we would like to see that before we are in a position to provide any guidance on Opzelura.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Eva Privitera from Cowen and Company.
Eva Privitera : Congrats on the quarter. And thanks for taking our questions. So for Opzelura, based on the press release numbers for total units and the Q4 net sales, we calculated a gross to net of 62% to 63%. Can you maybe help us understand what may account for the discrepancy between that and your Q4 57% gross to net number?
Christiana Stamoulis : So the 57% is the average Q4 gross to net rate.
Eva Privitera : How is free drug accounted in that calculation?
Christiana Stamoulis : So free drug is not included in the calculation of revenues and it's not a part of the gross to net. So you need to look at paid demand and apply the net price, which would be the 2,000 -- around 2,000 gross price times the 1 minus 57% gross net discount.
Eva Privitera : Okay. And are you still comfortable with the 40% to 50% long-term guidance range? It sounds like in the near term it will be closer to 50%. Can you possibly narrow that guidance now?
Christiana Stamoulis : Yes. So we'll continue to work on bringing down the co-pay, which over time, would continue to improve gross to net. Obviously, getting further improvements now is more difficult. That's why we are saying for 2023, a 50% average gross to net is a good assumption for the year.
Eva Privitera : And another question on ALK. So ALK2 has the potential applications into other anemias outside of myelofibrosis. Are you interested in some of these applications? And what do you need to see from the MF program in order to open up some of these other studies perhaps?
Steven Stein : Thank you. It's a good question. Mechanistically, as I was saying in my earlier remarks, it works through hepcidin inhibition, that is the main mediator, if you will, of anemia, of inflammation and chronic inflammation, which occurs in many chronic conditions. So there's potential across the board in some of those conditions including chronic renal failure. So we're starting some early work in some of these settings to see if there's potential there. We are encouraged by recent regulatory movement in the U.S. from the FDA in improving products to treat anemia in areas like chronic renal failure, which has been difficult in the past. So that may make us look a little further. But for all those indications and the look there, it's still very early days.
Operator: The next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman : Thanks so much for taking my question and congrats on the progress. It's clear that there are really no supply issues for Opzelura, but maybe talk to me about kind of what the sales team is focusing on this year to accelerate growth even further? I mean, you had a good 2022. You are getting gross to net more normalized. What is your commercial organization focused on to get sales to the next level and ensure that you have the highest number of paid scripts over the year?
Barry Flannelly : Sure, Evan. So the sales team is actively engaged with their dermatologists on a regular basis. Fortunately, we have very good access as compared to some other therapeutic areas, perhaps. They're focused both on AD and vitiligo. It's exciting that vitiligo launched just a short period of time ago. So that's very exciting because it's the only drug used that's available for repigmentation in these patients, but there's so many millions of patients that actually could be -- could benefit from Opzelura for atopic dermatitis. So they're really focused on both. So their drive is to focus on itch and inflammation in AD and obviously, on sticking with Opzelura to treat their vitiligo. So they're concentrating on educating healthcare professionals, for example, in vitiligo that what they should see over a period of time, over eight weeks, 12 weeks, 24 weeks and so forth, so that they reinforce the compliance and the need to use the drug for a while before they see a real big impact on repigmentation. And in the same way, they're concentrating on making sure that patients do, in fact, get their refills for atopic dermatitis, so they get complete relief from their disease and know that if they have flares again, they should come back. So the sales team is very engaged and very excited about the opportunities that lay in front of them for both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson : Congrats on the quarter and thank you for the update. For the LIMBER program, can you talk about the differentiation of RUX plus parsaclisib versus RUX plus a BET inhibitor since they're both targeting suboptimal responders? And then what will you be looking for in the Phase 3 readout of RUX plus parsaclisib later this year? And how will that impact your overall strategy for the LIMBER program?
Steven Stein : Okay, it's Steven. Thank you. So the lumber program, obviously critically important to us and to patients and we really are happy with the movement, particularly towards the end of last year in our combination work.  So to start off with your RUX plus parsaclisib question. Just a reminder, there are two pivotal studies ongoing there. The first one is the suboptimal study in about 212 patients which we will get a readout on this year. That's on patients who've had at least three months or longer of ruxolitinib and at least eight weeks of stable dosing and are having an adequate response in terms of spleen or symptoms. We showed the final Phase 2 data at ASH last year, both in terms of spleen response and symptom response and very encouragingly the symptom response was even -- from a quantitative point of view and magnitude was even better than the spleen response, which is really encouraging. Additionally, the safety profile in MF looks very clean thus far with quite a long-term follow-up. So it's not what's seen in lymphoma, probably because the underlying disease is different. There is no B cell suppressive therapies given long term in MF. And also additionally, used in combination with RUX may ameliorate some of the side effects. We're very encouraged by the profile there. It's a randomized study that will report out this year in suboptimal responders. If we replicate the Phase 2 data, we really think the Phase 3 will be positive and is set up to be positive there. And then it will be exactly for those patients who are being on RUX for a few months, stable doses and not having benefit and then that would be the indication there. The first-line study will take about a year longer to read out, 440 patients. And that's an all-comer first-line standard in terms of endpoints, a spleen volume response of 35% or greater and improvements in total symptom scores, you need both.  You mentioned the BET program that's earlier. As I said in some comments earlier, we're continuing to dose escalate this year and push the dose as high as we can. We know we'll run into thrombocytopenia that will be dose-limiting. And that's why we think it may be best suited more to a suboptimal population. And again, it will be similarly to both improve efficacy and make sure it's tolerable in that setting. And then the populations will segment based on the data there.  The rest of the ALK program, as I said earlier, we will declare towards the end of this year, what programs we're going after there. Again, very encouraged by the hemoglobin responses weve seen. We really have proof of mechanism and want to chase that very aggressively because we're leaders in that field.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho.
Mara Goldstein : So firstly, on the covered prescription rate, you mentioned you anticipate about 20% free drug. So that would indicate you're at 70% covered at this point in time or 71%. How quickly do you expect to get to that incremental difference? And is it consistent among vitiligo and atopic dermatitis? And secondarily, can you talk a little bit about the expectations for the rollout of RUX QD and how we should think about how that will affect Jakafi?
Barry Flannelly : Sure. So Mara, this is Barry. So the covered rate -- actually, the commercial patients that have access to commercial drug through their insurance is about 84% right now. In terms of coverage beyond that, it's about 90%. But obviously, these numbers don't match up because there's a lag in getting utilization criteria written and so forth. But we're very happy with the coverage that has happened thus far. We're very happy with, for example, Medicaid coverage, which is covered in all 50 states. And like I said, the commercial insurance continues to get better and better. We still have some work to do and improving a variety of things, including co-pay and utilization criteria that might not be exactly where we want it to be. In terms of AD and vitiligo, the coverage is essentially the same. The commercial coverage is essentially the same. The Medicaid, VA, DoD coverage is essentially the same. The only thing about vitiligo is there's some less, but it's improving every day. The number of utilization criteria that have been written related to Opzelura and vitiligo. But I have to say, compared to when we launched atopic dermatitis, the number of issues, problems with getting vitiligo scripts filled is very, very low. In fact, we don't hear that much about it at all. In terms of RUX QD, I think we mentioned already that the PDUFA date comes in March. We plan on launching sometime after that, a few weeks after that in April. And when we announce the approval, we'll give you some more information about how we're going to roll this out, the positioning and so forth of RUX QD. But we're very excited about the upcoming launch. We think it really gives an opportunity for better convenience for patients, which could lead to better compliance for patients; and at least for some patients, better compliance could lead to better outcomes. So we're really looking forward to that.
Operator: Next question is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP Securities.
Reni Benjamin : Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on a great quarter. Just looking at the GVHD market, can you talk a little bit about the split between chronic versus acute? And how is the drug being used, especially in comparison to, let's say, ibrutinib. And I guess I'm curious, where does axa kind of fit into this program, especially after the pivotal data expected in mid '23? And if I can just squeeze one extra one. Can you just give us some thoughts on tafa and what the -- how you're thinking about the reduced expectations for 2023, at least in the U.S?
Barry Flannelly : Sure. This is Barry. So in terms of the split between acute and chronic, there's about 1,500 patients in steroid-refractory acute GVHD. As I said before, we're the #1 drug used there in steroid-refractory acute GVHD. But theres much less patients and they're treated for a shorter period of time. So it might be, for example, six months for acute GVHD. For chronic GVHD, there's 14,000 patients, maybe 7,500 that are steroid-refractory. So most of the growth is coming from chronic GVHD and the persistence in chronic GVHD. Now most of the time, the claims that would come in don't really differentiate between acute and chronic. But as far as we can tell, the vast majority of scripts that are coming in now are all for chronic GVHD. And as I said, in terms of resistant population, their physician population is much, much bigger than any acute space. In terms of ibrutinib and Rezurock, for example, these drugs are used perhaps in the third line setting. As far as we can tell, ibrutinib usage is declining and Rezurock uses third line after Jakafi. But in terms of axatilimab's opportunity, we think it's a great opportunity. In fact, even the success of Rezurock in the third-line setting, I think, bodes well for the success of axatilimab in that setting. And I think it's a uniquely different drug. And when we talk to people who treat bone marrow transplant docs who treat GVHD, they're looking forward to this product very much. In terms of tafa -- in terms of tafa-len combination. It's a great combination in the second-line setting. You've seen the results in terms of overall response rate, complete response rates of 40%, a non-chemotherapy option in the second-line setting. I think the issue there is really that the second line and the whole diffuse large B-cell lymphoma marketplace has changed dramatically with increased competition, particularly with the CAR-T therapies moving into the second line setting, it becomes a challenging place for us to break through, but it's absolutely a very good product that has -- can have complete responses with long durations of response and we're continuing to try to expand the use of this drug because we think patients will really benefit from it. And it's really just the competition and the increasing competition in that particular setting in the second line plus setting, that's somewhat of a challenge.
Operator: Next question is coming from Allison Bratzel from Piper Sandler.
Allison Bratzel : One for me on Opzelura. I know a determinant of the ultimate size of the vitiligo opportunity is going to be activation of patients who aren't currently seeking treatment. I know it's clearly early days in the launch, but just wondering if there's anything you can say about how patient activation is tracking against your expectations? Or is this not really expected to be a driver until vitiligo specific DTC is underway?  And then just a separate question on the other hem/onc franchise, just that 2023 guidance range seems to imply somewhat limited growth compared to '22. So just could you expand on the growth areas for that franchise for the year? And any sort of pushes and pulls you considered in the 2023 guidance range?
Barry Flannelly : Okay. So I'll start, and then I'll hand off to Christiana, I guess. So in terms of patient activation for vitiligo, I think it's happening already. We haven't started linear and nonlinear TV commercials, direct-to-consumer TV commercials for vitiligo yet. That will start very soon. But patients are being activated. There's direct-to-consumer activities going on online, on social media, on Internet searches. We work very closely with the vitiligo patient advocacy community. We work with healthcare professionals and even do live programming between healthcare professionals and patients. So that is occurring now, and it will continue to a much greater degree in the future. I think you can see by our presentations, there's lots of excitement for patients who have gotten very good experience using the drug and are proud to share that. So that helps a great deal in informing patients who may actually benefit from this drug. And in terms of guidance, perhaps, I'll hand it over to Christiana.
Christiana Stamoulis : So in terms of the guidance for other hem/onc, the guidance range that we have provided is $215 million to $225 million with primary driver being Minjuvi, of the increase, yes.
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair.
Matt Phipps : Barry, you cited additional competition in MF this year is a reason for the appropriateness of your guidance today. But I guess, I don't really expect those labels to directly compete with Jakafi. So I wonder if you're starting to see maybe patients who were kind of suboptimal responders switching a little earlier or now having another option to switch off of Jakafi than they would have prior. If that is kind of the impact you're talking about?
Barry Flannelly : Sure, Matt. Yes. No, so we don't really know necessarily, but we do think that the two drugs that are available currently fedratinib and pacritinib are used in the second-line setting almost exclusively. If there's any use in the first-line setting, it's hard for us to determine that. In terms of future, obviously, we're looking to -- momelotinib has a PDUFA date in June, and we don't know what GSK is necessarily going to do with that product. We don't know what the indication necessarily is. But we think that patients will benefit -- continue to benefit from Jakafi because of the differentiation of overall survival, unsurpassed symptom improvement and spleen volume reduction. We think that will continue, and these other drugs will be used in the second-line setting. But we're not sure exactly how this is going to play out, and that's why I think we gave the guidance that we did. 
Operator: Thank you. Weve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Christine Chiou : Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you, and goodbye. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte Third Quarter 2022 Financial and Corporate Update Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incytes third quarter 2022 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the Investors section of our website. Joining me on the call today are Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and Dash, who will join us for the Q&A. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our reports filed with the SEC. We will now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, our product revenues increased 20% year-over-year to $713 million benefiting from strong Jakafi sales growth as well as an increasing contribution from Opzelura net sales. Jakafi net sales grew 13% to $620 million driven by robust growth in chronic GVHD as well as new patient growth in MF and PV. Opzelura net sales more than doubled versus prior quarter to $38 million and we continue to execute on the successful launch in AD and vitiligo, driving increased demand while also significantly improving formulary access. The ex-U.S. launches of Pemazyre and Monjuvi, which are both still in early stages contributed to the 19% growth coming from other hematology and oncology products. Turning to Slide 5, we have multiple opportunities for significant growth in both oncology and dermatology with our recent approvals on the potential for multiple new products and new indication over the next several years. For our oncology franchise, recent launches in new indication and new markets provide further growth opportunities for Jakafi, Pemazyre and Monjuvi. In LIMBER, pivotal data from two programs, axatilimab in chronic GVHD and ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib in MF are expected next year. And we expect that data for BET, ALK2 in 2022 and 2023 to define the path forward for these programs. Outside of MPN and GVHD, we have multiple early and late stage clinical programs, including our oral PD-L1 program, which was the first to show clinical activity as an oral PD-L1 and we have updated data at SITC next week. In addition to oncology is our dermatology franchise, where Opzelura is a key near-term driver with launches currently underway in atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. Our dermatology pipeline is expanding, with new indications being developed for ruxolitinib cream as well as povorcitinib and auremolimab in areas of high unmet medical need. This positions us well for significant growth and diversification. With that, I turn the call over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv and good morning everyone. The launch of Opzelura continues to be very successful with double-digit demand growth in atopic dermatitis and strong uptake in vitiligo. Net sales grew 130% quarter-over-quarter to reach $38 million led by strong patient demand and broader reimbursement coverage for Opzelura. Over 62,000 units of Opzelura were shipped in the quarter, representing a growth of 32% versus Q2. The positive feedback loop between patients and physicians driven by the efficacy of Opzelura continues to fuel the uptake in atopic dermatitis. Opzelura and vitiligo has been well received by both physicians and patients and is adding to  adding further to growth in demand. Opzelura access continues to improve as NDC blocks are removed and payers continue to add Opzelura onto their formularies. Turning to Slide 8 and Opzelura in AD, Opzelura is now the number one prescribed agent for new AD patients amongst dermatologists with a new patient share of 17%. Opzelura is changing the treatment paradigm, helping to break the cycle of repeated failures on topical corticosteroids and calcineurin inhibitors. The number of dermatologists gaining experience with Opzelura continues to increase and 96% of prescribers are reporting satisfaction with Opzelura. Efficacy and rapid itch reduction continues to be a top driver for prescribing. And when it comes to selecting patients for therapy, dermatologists consider half of their AD patients as candidates for Opzelura. We expect the number of patient initiations per prescriber to continue to increase over time. Turning now to launch in vitiligo, where we are seeing positive early momentum, awareness levels are high with 9 out of 10 dermatologists aware of Opzelura as a treatment for vitiligo. Dermatologists view Opzelura, which is the first ever approved treatment for repigmentation as a transformative therapy for patients living with vitiligo. In a recent survey, as shown on the left, dermatologist indicated their use of Opzelura in vitiligo, would more than triple in the next 6 months. Of their currently treated vitiligo patients, dermatologists considered nearly 70% could be candidates for treatment with Opzelura. For the 1.3 million diagnosed vitiligo patients who are currently not seeking treatment, we are launching several initiatives, including direct-to-consumer campaigns, patient advocacy group engagements, and branded patient meetings to raise awareness and encourage those patients to seek treatment now that there is a new approved therapy. Both AD and vitiligo are substantial opportunities and we expect Opzelura to become a meaningful growth driver over the next several years. On Slide 10, payer coverage for Opzelura continues to improve, with the percentage of covered claims increasing from an average of 39% in the second quarter to 63% in the third quarter and reaching 70% in October, with an increasing number of plans adding Opzelura on to formularies and the continued removal of NDC blocks, we have started to gradually shutdown the full buy-down program and transition to a more traditional free drug bridging program. We expect to fully discontinue to full buy-down program around the end of the year. Please note that during this period of transition to the free drug bridging program, we expect variability in how IQVIA captures those prescriptions, which may lead to data not being representative of the actual prescription levels and trends. Moving on to Jakafi performance on Slide 11, Jakafi net sales in the third quarter grew 13% year-over-year to $620 million driven by growth in new patients across all indications. Within myelofibrosis, new patient starts grew by 8% and in polycythemia vera by 9%, total GVHD patients grew 20% year-over-year with the continued successful launch in the chronic setting. With strong demand for Jakafi, we are again tightening the full year net product revenue guidance from a range of $2.36 billion to $2.4 billion to a new range of $2.38 billion to $2.4 billion. Turning to Slide 12, Monjuvi net product sales in the U.S. were $22 million in the third quarter. We continue to see gradual improvement in duration of therapy, as use continues to expand in the second line. Monjuvi net sales were $6 million for the quarter with the launch going well in Germany and where we have seen several months of consecutive growth. Pemazyre worldwide net sales were $23 million, with the launch continuing to progress in Europe and Japan. During the quarter, we also received the approval of Pemazyre as the first targeted therapy in the United States for myeloid lymphoid neoplasms with FGFR1 rearrangement and extremely rare and aggressive blood cancer. With that, I will turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry and good morning everyone. We recently presented positive Phase 2 data of povorcitinib in hidradenitis suppurativa at the 2022 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology Congress, which demonstrated that patients on povorcitinib had significantly greater decreases in total abscess and inflammatory nodule count versus placebo from baseline to week 16. In addition, HS Clinical Response or HiSCR, which is defined as a greater than or equal to 50% reduction in the total abscess and inflammatory nodule count and no increase in abscess count or draining fistulas compared to baseline was achieved in a greater percentage of povorcitinib patients than placebo at week 16. Hidradenitis suppurativa represents a significant opportunity, where there are more than 150,000 patients with moderate-to-severe disease in the United States. In October, our pivotal Phase 3 data of ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. And these data highlight the positive efficacy and safety profile of Opzelura as a treatment for repigmentation in vitiligo. The MAA for Opzelura and vitiligo is under review and we expect a regulatory decision in the first half of next year. Moving to Slide 16, last month, we announced our agreement to acquire Villaris Therapeutics and their lead asset, auremolimab, a highly potent and selective, anti-IL-15 receptor beta monoclonal antibody. IL-15 signaling occurs upstream of the JAK-STAT pathway and demonstrates a strong scientific rationale for the evaluation of IL-15 blockade in vitiligo and other dermatologic conditions. In vitiligo, preclinical data suggests that maintenance and relapse is driven by resident memory T-cells or TRM in the skin. IL-15 is critical for the survival of TRM and IL-15 blockade may result in the depletion of resident memory T-cells, leading to a longer and more durable repigmentation effect. The addition of our auremolimab to our dermatology portfolio bolsters our commitment to patients living with vitiligo and potentially offers optionality based on severity of disease as well as different dosing options that may allow for combination therapy, all of which is complementary to our JAK franchise. We are planning on entering clinical development with auremolimab in 2023. On Slide 17 is an updated table of our extensive clinical development pipeline in dermatology. With regards to ruxolitinib cream in hand eczema, after discussions with the FDA it was deemed not necessary to run larger Phase 3 clinical trial in chronic hand eczema as the indication is covered by the current label. We have also added two new indications in the development plan for ruxolitinib cream, with two Phase 2 trials in preparation for lichen sclerosus and lichen planus. Additionally, auremolimab in vitiligo has been included, which is expected to enter clinical development in 2023, as I mentioned earlier. Turning to Slide 18 and axatilimab, as a reminder, the Phase 1/2 study in chronic graft-versus-host disease, this was an open label study evaluating axatilimab, an anti-CSF-1R antibody in patients 6 years and older with active chronic graft-versus-host disease in the third line plus setting. In this heavily pretreated patient population, axatilimab monotherapy resulted in a best overall response rate of 68% across both doses of 1 milligram per kilogram every 2 weeks and 3 milligrams per kilogram every 4 weeks. 53% of patients reported a clinical meaningful improvement in their symptoms via the least symptom scale. Axatilimab was also well tolerated and demonstrate an acceptable safety profile with no viral reactivations in the study. Looking ahead, we anticipate data from the ongoing AGAVE-201 pivotal trial in chronic graft-versus-host disease in mid-2023 and thus the potential BLA filing later in 2023. In addition, a combinational trial of axatilimab and ruxolitinib in steroid-nave chronic graft-versus-host disease is in preparation with an expected initiation in the first quarter of next year. On the next slide and our progress in myeloproliferative neoplasms in graft-versus-host disease in general, we continue to advance our LIMBER pipeline and expect to achieve many important milestones in the remaining months of 2022 and into 2023. The Phase 1 study of ruxolitinib in combination with Cellenkos CK-0804 in myelofibrosis is initiated with the first patient dosed in October. Later this year, we expect to present initial data from the BET and ALK2 programs. The target action date for once-daily ruxolitinib is March 23, 2023. And we expect top line results from the Phase 3 study of parsaclisib plus ruxolitinib in inadequate responders in 2023 as well. Turning to Slide 20 and our oral PD-L1 program, we continue to progress the development of our oral PD-L1 program with two compounds, 280 and 318, which have been prioritized based on observation of tumor shrinkage and to-date, no evidence of peripheral neuropathy with either compound. We will be presenting updated data on both compounds at the Society for the Immunotherapy of Cancer Annual Meeting in Boston next week. The third quarter was successful for Incyte across regulatory, clinical and business development and we are looking forward to an exciting close to the year. Id like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth with total product revenues of $713 million, representing an increase of 20% over the third quarter of 2021. Total product revenues are comprised of $620 million for Jakafi, $55 million for other hematology/oncology products, and $38 million for Opzelura. Net product revenue growth was primarily driven by increases in Jakafi and Opzelura net revenues. Hematology/oncology net revenues, which include revenues from Iclusig, Pemazyre and Minjuvi were impacted by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. On a constant currency basis, other hematology/oncology net product revenues grew by 32% over the prior year period. Total royalty revenues for the quarter were $110 million and are comprised of royalties from Novartis of $86 million for Jakafi and $4 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $20 million for Olumiant. Jakafi and Olumiant royalties for the quarter were negatively impacted by FX headwinds, while Olumiant royalties were also impacted by a decrease in net product sales of Olumiant for use as a treatment for COVID-19 and a one-time deduction taken by Lilly related to securing additional intellectual property rights. Excluding the impact of one-time IEP payments, COVID-19 related sales and currency fluctuations, Olumiant royalties were essentially flat on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year period. Opzelura net product revenues for the quarter were $38 million, driven by robust demand and broadening payer access. As payers add Opzelura to formulary, and the share of covered claims increases, we are continuing to see improvement in the gross to net discount rate. As Barry previously presented, the percentage of covered claims is increasing and the average quarterly gross to net discount is decreasing, as shown at the bottom of the slide. The fully loaded gross to net discount rate decreased from 81% in the second quarter of 2022 to 71% in the third quarter of this year. We expect the gross to net discount rate to continue to decline in the fourth quarter and reach a fully loaded steady-state exit rate of 40% to 50% around year end. Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis, ongoing R&D expenses of $351 million for the third quarter increased 6% from the prior year period, primarily due to continued investment in our late-stage development assets. The growth of SG&A expenses was primarily due to our investments related to the new dermatology commercial organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the launch of Opzelura in atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $2 million, which represents our 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. Moving on to our guidance for 2022, based on the strong performance of Jakafi, we are tightening our guidance to a range of $2.38 billion to $2.4 billion. Given FX headwinds that we experienced year-to-date and expect to continue to experience in the fourth quarter, we are revising our other hematology/oncology revenue guidance to a range of $200 million to $210 million. Finally, we are reaffirming our R&D guidance, which now includes the $70 million upfront payment to Villaris anticipated in Q4 as well as its G&A guidance for the year. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the quarter. On Opzelura, can you help us think about the trajectory from here just given the moving parts with the drug and gross to net and the uptake in the vitiligo population? Just maybe some color there would be helpful. And then secondly, in Opzelura, just if you could help us understand the reimbursement dynamics that are playing out around writing a script and how onerous it maybe and what youre doing to kind of alleviate that burden on the part of the physician?
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Salveen, this is Barry. So as far as the uptake in vitiligo goes, were very happy. As you see from the prepared remarks, our dermatologists are excited about having this new therapy  first ever therapy to repigment the skin in patients with vitiligo. We know that as soon as the launch, which really we began in August, vitiligo scripts began to accelerate, and we know theyll continue to accelerate. As weve told you before, there is about 150,000 to 200,000 patients that are actively being treated for vitiligo now. There may be 1.3 million or more patients that have vitiligo that may choose to come back to their dermatologists now that they have an active therapy that can help them there. So were very happy. We cant really break out the actual number of percentage of vitiligo versus atopic dermatitis for you just at this point, just because the  were uncertain about the actual number since many of the claims that we can look at are really dont have diagnostic codes associated with them, so where we know that atopic dermatitis, for example, because we have more data with that its growing at least double digits quarter-over-quarter. We know that vitiligo is accelerating week after week, and we assume thats going to continue to occur. In terms of reimbursement and the dynamics there, of course, most patients have to go through a prior approval process, those patients that have commercial insurance. But as weve said, is the coverage has continued to get better and better over time so that the vast majority of commercial patients do have access to therapy. As far as problems go, prior approval is something that dermatologists deal with all of the time. Most of the AD utilization criteria do, in fact, include one or two step therapies that they have to go through, but dermatologists are used to doing that now. There may have been a little period of time where they were getting used to their prior approval process, the step therapy process. But certainly, since July 1, its really taken off. And if there were barriers, they are mostly removed. Sometimes there is geographic barriers. One region of the country may be easy. Another area of the country may be a little bit more difficult. But with our own people that are out in the field, we try to help as best we can. We have an excellent market access team that can help the dermatologists and pharmacists go through the prior approval process so that most patients now and into the future should have little problem accessing Opzelura for both AD and vitiligo.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow-up on gross to net. Where are you with the free drug program as of right now? Are you withdrawing that? And where do you expect that to be on a go-forward basis? As you try to get closer to your 40% to 50% gross to net for the year. And just to clarify, youre planning on exiting the year with 40% to 50% gross to net. Is that correct? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Tazeen, its Barry again. Yes. So our gross to net, we do plan on having it get better as we exit the year. The most important factor is we are changing over from what we call a full buy down program where it was a very generous program at the beginning of the year at the beginning of launch, where it was the very easiest thing to do for patients and for dermatologists so that they could go to any pharmacy. And even when there was really limited coverage because of NDC blocks, they were able to access the drug because we were paying for the drug for full buy down. Now that we have increasing coverage and the vast majority of commercial patients do have access to the drug, were switching over to a more typical bridging program where patients will be able to  that have commercial insurance, and they go through the prior approval process and for whatever reason, they are, in fact, denied coverage, then they would end up getting through our bridging program free drug at cost of goods for us so that, that has a big impact on gross to net. But that number will continue to go down over and over. As weve said, 70% of the claims currently are going through and being paid, and that will increase as we go through the year and towards the end of the year. So that will improve as well. So we will continue to improve our gross to net just through that switching our programs, but also were continuing to increase coverage for those payers out there that we still have some work to do, and we will increase our  will improve our gross to net by working with each of the plans to improve the utilization management criteria so that we are in the proper tiers where we should be so that co-pays are lower. So those things will affect the gross to net and bring it down to the targeted range that were looking for.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jessica Fye from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Jessica Fye: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. A couple more on Opzelura. You mentioned youre still working to increase coverage. And I know you gave the percent of covered claims. Whats the current percent of lives covered today? And where do you want that to go? And then second, how good is your visibility on patient retention and, say, annual tubes per patient in each of these settings? Where does that stand now? And how do you see that evolving? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Well, I think we said that as of now, 70% of the claims are going through and being paid. The coverage really is approaching 84% of plans have  84% of patients that have commercial insurance have access through the contracts that we have signed. So thats there. As far as patient retention is concerned, because most of the scripts that come through are new Rxs or new to brand Rxs, so in fact, we will need some more time and data to figure out exactly what the refill rate will ultimately be both for AD and vitiligo, but were still projecting for AD, the average per year scripts will be two to two tubes  will be two to two, and the average for vitiligo around 10 tubes per year for vitiligo patients.
Jessica Fye: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is Keith on for Evan. I guess first one, it just looks like looking at the numbers by some measures, we could be seeing ex-U.S. growth later in 2022 and then 2023, but were seeing this quarter lower royalties. Just want to get a sense of how this  you are seeing this evolve in 2023 given regulatory progress? And then secondarily, if you could comment on the differences between the two oral PD-1 inhibitors that are in parallel development and at what point would you decide to focus on one versus the other? Thanks.
Christiana Stamoulis: So in terms of the royalties, as I indicated in the prepared remarks, we have seen FX headwinds having an impact on royalties given that Jakavi and Olumiant are very much ex-U.S.  based on ex-U.S. sales. In addition to the FX impact, for Olumiant, we saw sales associated with COVID-19 treatment going away. And as a result, there were no royalties associated to COVID-19 sales this past quarter. And in addition to that, there was a one-time payment associated with securing some additional IP, which was deducted from the royalties that we get for Olumiant. If you take out all those impacts, FX, COVID-19 related sales and the one-time IP payment, then we see royalties being pretty flat year-over-year. Going forward, we dont provide the guidance on royalties, but we would expect for Olumiant to continue not to have any COVID-19 related royalties. And also the FX impact, obviously, is something that everybody has been experiencing. And at this point, we continue to see that impact continuing in the fourth quarter.
Steven Stein: Keith, its Steven. Ill answer your second question on the oral PD-L1 franchise. Firstly, just to say, its an extremely important franchise to us. We are first in class here, and this is a very important program. The initial compound 550 was dropped because of the peripheral neuropathy signal, which we have not seen with either 280 or 318. 280 is slightly ahead of 318. There are differences structurally in terms of the chemical structure and there are slight differences in terms of the PK. But for now, both continue to progress, both are enrolling well. And we continue to accumulate efficacy and safety data that we want. Youll see next week at SITC, poster presentations on both compounds. In terms of going forward, sometime next year, we will probably declare registration directed-wise, which compound will be taken, but all I can tell at the present time we will keep both going. They both look good. And we want that optionality given the importance of this program.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So going back to dermatology. I wanted to ask a question on IQVIA capture ratios. So we recall that in 2Q 22, you mentioned that there was an overstatement. I just wanted to see if there is any color available about how thats trended in 3Q versus 2Q? And then you mentioned that there could be some more irregularities going forward because of the transition from the full buydown program to the bridging program. And I was wondering if you could comment on directionally how you think the irregularities might trend if you think thats going to be an overstatement or understatement and to what degree do you think the capture ratio might be irregular? And then I had a follow-up.
Christiana Stamoulis: So, Vika, in Q2, we saw IQVIA overstating the level of Opzelura prescriptions, and thats something that we discussed last quarter. However, at that time, the trend in prescriptions was pretty representative of the actual trend. So if you were to look at the trend lines, they were moving in parallel, the IQVIA line in parallel with AXL. What we have since seen is that the gap between the level of actual IQVIA reported scripts has been narrowing. But the trend line is no longer representative of the AXL trend line. So for example, when you look at the IQVIA data over the last few weeks of the quarter, you saw that it was flattening while this was not the case. As we now transition from the full buy down program to the more traditional free drug bridging program, there is actually a high level of uncertainty as to how IQVIA will be capturing the script. And its unclear whether that would result in an overestimation of scripts or an underestimation. So as a result, we expect that for a period of time, at least through the fourth quarter, the IQVIA data would not be representative of actuals, both in terms of the level of scripts as well as the trend line.
Vikram Purohit: Okay. Understood. And then I had a follow-up on povorcitinib. So you mentioned that a Phase 3 study there is going to start in hidradenitis suppurativa by the end of the year. Could you just talk a little bit about what the study could look like from a design perspective? And what patient population you think you would enroll in this program?
Steven Stein: Yes, Vikram, its Steven. Thanks for the question. We just showed that data at EADV recently from our Phase 2 proof-of-concept work. And there was a very good reaction from people in the field and opinion leaders in the field as to the potential for povorcitinib to treat patients with unmet need in HS. The morbidity from the condition comes from abscesses, nodules and fistulas, and there is a large inflammatory component speaking to probably why JAK-STAT inhibition is important there. The regulatory endpoint that was established from the initial approval of the first drug in the setting is, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, something called HiSCR. Its a composite endpoint that looks at absences and nodules and then the lack of further fistula formation. Itll  its an endpoint thats captured at 16 weeks. We will go into this population with two doses. And you can see from our Phase 2 work, there was a dose response generally speaking, but there wasnt a great differentiation between the two higher doses tested in the Phase 2 setting. So both will be taken into Phase 3. And then otherwise, a standard endpoint from a HiSCR point of view. The current approved therapies dont seem to give patients a benefit they desire and arent used a great deal in HS. So there is a lot of unmet medical need here. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho Securities. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Thanks so much for taking the question. I just wanted to understand a little bit better on the gross to net exit rate. When you say around the end of the year, does that include the possibility of that figure slipping into the first quarter? And then secondarily, on the hidradenitis suppurativa, can you talk a little bit about the market and where povorcitinib could fit into that space right now?
Barry Flannelly: So Mara, this is Barry. On the gross to net, yes. So were saying that we get to the 40% to 50% by the end of the year for all of the factors that I pointed out before that the transition to the bridging program, about the improved coverage, about our working with the payers to have better utilization management criteria, lowering tiers, lowering the co-pay. What we didnt mention before is that youre picking up co-pays and youre picking up deductibles and deductibles go down as the year goes down. So that improves that. And Ill turn it over to Steven for the HS.
Steven Stein: Yes, its Steven. Thank you for the interest in the condition, and its the same thing we hear and of we presented the data. So its estimated that if you look at moderate to severe HS in the United States, there are about 150,000 patients in terms of prevalence of the condition. Again, with a lot of unmet need thats not been currently addressed by the current approved therapy. So the study will be focused on those moderate to severe and then will include control arm plus two doses, as I mentioned earlier. Its in preparation. Wed like to begin towards the end of this year, perhaps early next year. And then weve already demonstrated probably because of the excitement in the area and the unmet need that these studies enroll really, really well. So thats the population we go in after and thats the current prevalence figure that we want to address with this particular study. Thanks.
Mara Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Leonid Timashev: Hey, this is Leonid on for Brian. Thanks for taking our question. I wanted to go back to Opzelura. So earlier, you had mentioned that there were some challenges with scripts being abandoned and formularies  or pharmacies not coding properly. I guess, can you talk about how these have been resolved and if there is any challenges there that may continue to occur due to the free drug wind-down program? And I guess, do you have a sense of what percentage of patients that are actually on the free drug, then go and start using the paid product and what you might need to do to get those claims higher? And then I guess, sort of just related to that gross to net aspect, I mean, do you have any visibility into the 2023 contracting, given that inflation is fairly high? Do you think youll have to give back a lot of any potential price increases you might take into gross to net? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. Well, Ill try to answer your last question first. The 2023 contract  the contracts that anybody  that the payers are working on now is for 2024. For 2023, there is no changes that will occur. As far as  I didnt  dont think I mentioned anything about abandoned prescriptions at pharmacies at all and not coding correctly. No, the only thing we said was that as we were changing over from mostly free drug to now mostly paid drug, dermatologists and pharmacies had to go through a prior approval process that before they were essentially just getting free drug because there are NDC blocks in place. So, now moving forward  in fact, we should have less and less problems with prior approvals or used to any step therapies that the utilization management criteria has. And obviously, like I said before, we have our market access people that tried to help any dermatology offices or pharmacies that are still having problems with that. But we think we are through those challenges. There is always going to be prior approvals for drugs like these. So, thats part of our system that we are currently dealing with. So, I think we said before that most of the claims that are going through now are being paid, and thats only going to get better as we move into the future.
Leonid Timashev: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Steven [indiscernible] for Jay. Thanks for taking the question. So, maybe one question on povorcitinib for HS. Can you just maybe talk about the unmet needs with some that you can maybe potentially address with povorcitinib? And also on auremolimab, you recently acquired, just if you can provide some color on how we can complement your vitiligo franchise? Especially povorcitinib is also being studied for vitiligo. And any other potential indications you are planning or what you are thinking about with auremolimab? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes. Steven, thanks for the question again on HS. So, just to be somewhat repetitive, these patients have a lot of morbidity, particularly in skin falls like the armpit, the axilla and other parts of the body in terms of abscesses and nodules that drain and cause a lot of morbidity to these patients. It looks like the currently approved TNF inhibitor doesnt fully address that unmet need. And again, that speaks to the interest in new mechanisms of action here that look like from our Phase 2 proof-of-concept may be addressed very well from  in terms of povorcitinib and a JAK inhibition. So, thats the reason we are excited about the data. Thats the reason we want to go fast into a Phase 3. There is a very good  in the slide in the prepared remarks, response in terms of abscess and nodule formation. And we will be testing, as I said earlier, two doses there. Its about somewhere around 0.1% of the U.S. population, but we estimate approximately  excuse me, upwards of 150,000 patients in U.S. prevalence-wise and maybe about 50,000 currently get treated. But if you have a therapy that addresses that need, then that will be a really important thing to develop. In terms of auremolimab and its IL-15 receptor beta monoclonal antibody, as I have said, this addresses resident memory T-cells in the skin which are felt to cause the melanocytes not to produce the pigment and then to keep the disease present. So, by addressing this and there is a very good preclinical model, you can potentially result in cure or at least prolonged responses in terms of repigmentation. So, we view this completely complementary. Just to go over the entirety of our vitiligo studies, our first indication with Opzelura is in patients with 10% or below body surface area involvement and requires long-term treatment to get the effects that improve over time. If you look at the data, if you look at the 24-week data, it goes up by another 20% absolute points when you get to 50 weeks. And then with povorcitinib, our vitiligo program is looking at patients with more severe vitiligo, more body surface area involvement, so 8% or above. And again, we have data there thats really encouraging, and we will be presenting it early next year at a major meeting and then make go-forward decisions for porvacitinib there in terms of an oral therapy with a different therapeutic ratio. And then just to round it out, now with the anti-IL-15 receptor beta antibody, we get their entirety, and we expect that will have activity on its own based on the preclinical models, and thats how we will start testing it initially. But you can imagine a world going forward where these therapies will complement one another and be used interchangeably depending on the disease and how it evolves. And we really want to address the unmet need here. We are excited about our vitiligo franchise and what it can do for patients who require and want repigmentation. Thanks. Sorry, your last question. Other indications, I think its pretty early, but the mechanism may be important in areas like systemic sclerosis, sarcoid, etcetera, but its very early in that journey. So, we will just see how this program goes going forward. Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now live. Our next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on this progress. I was wondering if you could help us the stage a little bit for the LIMBER updates coming soon. Maybe an idea of how many patients you will have with the ALK2 or BET plus Jakafi combinations. And later this year, do you think thats enough data to make a determination on how you are moving either or both of those programs forward?
Steven Stein: Yes. Hi, its Steven. The LIMBER program in terms of combinations is again key to how we want to address unmet need in patients with myeloproliferative neoplasms. We are looking very much forward to the ASH meeting, and it to be a really important meeting for us. In terms of each of the programs, ALK2 is a little more advanced than the BET program. We have already showed data from a translational point of view that we get the hepcidin inhibition. We want the iron kinetics favorable in terms of the way they move in, and we expect to follow with hemoglobin increases. I cant  you will have to wait for the actual presentation at a meeting at the end of the year to show the entirety of the data, but we expect to show a reasonable number of patients with monotherapy and some in combination with ALK2. BET, as I have said, is a little bit behind that, given the abstract cutoff for the particular meeting and the poster presentation. There will be a little less data quantitatively with BET at that meeting, mostly in the monotherapy setting and not yet combination data to show given the cutoffs. In terms of decisions, this will be in 2023 on where to go with these programs. Once we have established safe doses and schedules, we will look at the particular populations that need to be addressed. Of interest with ALK2 are obviously patients potentially with anemia given its mechanism of action, but it could be beyond because it will result in ability to maintain RUX dose intensity. And with BET, we will see also given the competitive space where that is on where to go in terms of first-line and suboptimal populations. But those decisions to answer your questions will be in 2023.
Matt Phipps: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Kelsey Goodwin: Hey. This is Kelsey on for Michael. Apologies for getting disconnected there, but thank you for taking our question. I guess how do you kind of anticipate the MS market landscape evolving in the coming years with the recent approval of VONJO and potential approval of momelotinib next year? And are you seeing a change in patient new starts, particularly those with low platelets, given VONJO is now available in the U.S.? Thanks so much.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Kelsey. So, in myelofibrosis, as you know, Jakafi has been approved now for about 11 years in myelofibrosis. Two other JAK inhibitors, Pacritinib and fedratinib have been approved. Fedratinib from BMS, as you probably know, really has been flat to declining, mostly used in the second-line setting, if used at all. As far as VONJO is concerned, at least the data that we look at, we dont really see much VONJO usage, but it must be being used in the second-line setting, and thats the way that it seems to be positioned for those patients that have low platelets. Evolving over time, I mean obviously, there could be some combination data in the future with other products for momelotinib, we will have to wait and see what the label says. But because of the survival advantage that Jakafi has, because of the unprecedented symptom improvement that Jakafi has with low GI toxicity, we think it will be the standard of care for a long time. We do not see any changes in  or noticeable changes at all in the duration of therapy for patients. We  as I have said before, that we continue to grow new patients in MS after all of this time. So, we grew 8% in terms of new patient growth for myelofibrosis. And we continue to position Jakafi as first-line, and we believe it should be started as soon as possible before patients have a possibility of progressing and getting worse. So, we are confident in our position. We will have to wait and see what the momelotinib label says, but we think that Jakafi will still be the standard-of-care because its efficacy and safety profile.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Eva Privitera from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Eva Privitera: Thank you and thanks for taking our questions. Can you give an update on the progress made towards establishing utilization management criteria in vitiligo? Approximately what percentage of plans now have in place?
Barry Flannelly: Well, because most of the contracts were  that we established for AD carried over to vitiligo. Now, some of the vitiligo utilization criteria thats in place, there was vitiligo criteria for maybe half of the plans throughout the United States before Opzelura was approved for vitiligo and has only increased over time. Some of them  some of the utilization criteria that we have seen have Opzelura as first-line, some have one step, some have two steps. Now, we will continue to work with each and every one of those plans every single day to optimize utilization criteria to actually reflect the clinical data because, in fact, there is no reason to use any step therapy for vitiligo for these patients that have vitiligo because the clinical data  because its the only drug approved first and only drug approved for that condition. So, in a way, we will continue to see the utilization criteria only get better because the drug is so good and it should be used in the first-line setting when patients come in and want to be treated for their vitiligo.
Eva Privitera: Thank you for that. And a quick follow-up. When do you expect to start running DTC ads for vitiligo?
Barry Flannelly: Well, we are already doing DTC for vitiligo in a variety of locations, of course, through social media, things like Facebook, Instagram and so forth in terms of Internet search optimization. So, if you go looking for vitiligo, you will find Opzelura. You go looking for Opzelura, you will find that vitiligo is there. We also have patient webinars, and we work with patient advocacy group. So, the DTC is going on. If what you mean by television commercials, as you know, we are running TV advertisements, both linear and non-linear, so connected TV and non-connected TV for atopic dermatitis now, so the vitiligo commercials for  again, for connected and non-connected TV will start either in December or January. We have to figure that out yet just for whats the best placement, whats the best timing for these ads to have the most impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Securities. Your line is now live.
Andrew Berens: Alright. Thanks guys. I am sorry if I missed this, I have been jumping from call to call. But I was wondering if you could give some color on the inventory levels. When I do a back of the envelope calculation, it appears that, that may have gone up about $3 million based on the numbers you have given. And then also just wondering if you guys are still confident in the $1.5 billion guidance for Opzelura in AD in the U.S. alone? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So, as far as inventory levels go, Andrew, I am not really sure what you mean. I assume you mean for Opzelura. I certainly dont see  our inventory levels have maintained about two-weeks-period of time. Its actually a little lower than we really thought it was going to be when we first got into this endeavor. And as far as the guidance goes, we are confident that with the almost 30 million patients in the United States that have atopic dermatitis and the 5.5 million that are actively being treated now, that $1.5 billion guidance is certainly within our range  our possibilities.
Andrew Berens: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Gavin Clark-Gartner from Evercore. Your line is now live.
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to confirm something I heard earlier. Did you mention that patients are using two to three tubes per year for Opzelura in atopic derm in the real-world setting?
Barry Flannelly: So, Gavin, what I said was that on average, over time, we will see that  we believe that two to three tubes per year per patient with atopic dermatitis is what it will work out to be.
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Okay. Got it. So, I mean whats driving the difference from the three to four tubes that we have been guiding towards previously?
Barry Flannelly: Well, quite frankly, we will find out as we move forward into the coming years because it takes time for refills to be clear. And plus, as I was sort of alluding to before, sometimes you cant tell a difference between a new-to-brand prescription, meaning thats the first time the patient got the drug and a new prescription that might be for a patient that already had it, but it came from either a different prescriber or went through a different pharmacy. So, sometimes those are hard to match up. So, over time, we will see whether its two to three, three to four. But also the drug is great, and it works really well. So, I think that if there is any difference, its because that patients come in, they get the drug, it clears their skin up, clears their itch up. But we will see over time what the real usage is going to be. And like I said, we really have to sort out which is truly a new patient and which is a patient thats just getting a new script that may have gotten a different script three months, four months ago.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Yes. Hi. Thank you so much for taking my questions. A question on vitiligo, now that you have launched and you have an early idea of how its being received and the awareness amongst doctors and maybe even patients, when do you think you will be able to provide how big of an opportunity this could be in line with the $1.5 billion opportunity, talked about AD in the U.S.? And then you have $3 billion in cash. As a competitive landscape in myelofibrosis with all the different combinations that are currently under investigation, it was  any changes in your thinking around capital allocation and the size, you did the Villaris acquisition recently, but the size of deals? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi Kripa, in terms of vitiligo, as Barry indicated, we are very pleased with the launch and the initial progress. But we are very early in the launch. And this is a very different market than AD. Its not an established market. You have only a small percent of the patients that have been diagnosed with vitiligo currently seeking treatment. Its around 10%. And you have a very big part of the patient population that is inactive. So, we want to wait to see a few quarters of uptake to get a better understanding, not only of the currently active patients seeking treatment and how quickly do they come into the therapy, but also how quickly the inactive population gets activated and the uptake there before we provide any type of guidance around vitiligo. In terms of your second question on BD, there is no change in our thinking in terms of the type of transactions and the objective that we have with BD. We are looking to bring in assets that fit well with our current areas of expertise and can leverage our capabilities, can leverage our infrastructure and can add to our revenues and diversification in the second half of the decade. Villaris fits very nicely with that objective. It is at an earlier stage and smaller deal. But we will continue to actively look for others. I would say, bolt-ons is the nature of acquisitions that we are primarily focusing on.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
End of Q&A:
Christine Chiou: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Christine.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the Investors section of our website. Joining me on the call today are Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and Dash, who will join us for the Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our reports filed with the SEC. We will now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, revenues increased 29% year-over-year, reaching $911 million. JAKAFI net sales grew 13% to $598 million, benefiting from growth in new patient start in all three indications. The contribution from our other hematology and oncology products continued to increase at the launches of PEMAZYRE and MINJUVI progress in Europe and Japan. We also made significant progress with the launch of OPZELURA in atopic dermatitis where we now have the third PBM GPO contract signed. This is a key milestone in achieving broad formulary access and an important step towards accelerating the growth of OPZELURA net revenues. As we shift from free drug to paid prescription, we are seeing some temporary delays in the filling of prescription, which had an impact on second quarter revenues. However, patient demand and satisfaction remains strong and improvement in reimbursement are translating to an increase in covered claims with a significant increase seen in July. These metrics are pointing to a continuation of a successful launch in atopic dermatitis. Turning to Slide 5. Two weeks ago, OPZELURA was also approved for the treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo, becoming the first and only therapy for repigmentation for these patients. The approval of OPZELURA was a momentous occasion for the millions of people living with the disease and generated a tremendous amount of excitement in the dermatology community with advocacy groups and patients. Turning to Slide 6. We also had multiple approvals this quarter with our partnered products. Jakavi was approved as the first post steroid systemic treatment for both acute and chronic GVHD in Europe. Olumiant was approved as the first and only systemic treatment for alopecia areata in the U.S., Europe and Japan; and Tabrecta received European approval for a subgroup of patients with non-small cell lung cancer. Together, this approval provided insight with $130 million of milestone revenues and will contribute with royalties to our future revenue growth. Finally, looking at some of the additional highlights of our pipeline on Slide 7, for baricitinib, formerly known at 707, is now in preparation for a Phase III study in HS following the positive results from our Phase II trials. As part of the LIMBER program, IND clearance was received for CK0804, Cellenkos cord-blood-derived Treg cells as adoptive therapy to ruxolitinib for the treatment of myelofibrosis. We also received FDA clearance  FDA acceptance of the NDA submission for QD ruxolitinib with a PDUFA date of March 23. And lastly, in early development, we expect to initiate a clinical program later this year with 459, a LAG-3 PD-1 bispecific antibodies developed in partnership with Merus. We have multiple ongoing studies across dermatology, LIMBER and hematology/oncology, as you can see on the right, where each represents a meaningful opportunity and puts us in an excellent position for future growth and diversification. With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Starting with OPZELURA, the launch in atopic dermatitis continues to be strong, and we are very pleased with the progress that we have made across a number of important metrics. To date, over 10,000 physicians have prescribed OPZELURA with new writers being added each week. Physicians continue to report a high level of satisfaction with OPZELURA with 67% stating that they are highly satisfied, up from 46% earlier this year. Additionally, in a recent poll, physicians indicated nearly half of their AD patients would be appropriate candidates for OPZELURA, up from 37% earlier this year. Efficacy, including rapid age reduction, as well as tolerability and the ability to use OPZELURA in sensitive areas remain the key product attributes, and we expect these attributes to continue to drive demand for OPZELURA in AD. Turning to Slide 10. Earlier this month, we announced that we now have signed contracts with the largest  with the three largest PBM GPOs, an outstanding achievement 10 months into launch, and a key step towards reaching our steady-state gross to net goal. The contract with the third PBM became effective July 1st and individual plans will now be adding OPZELURA to their formularies. The charts shown on this slide is our internal 867 data, which is the number of OPZELURA units shipped from wholesalers to pharmacies. With regards to IQVIA data, there has been an increased variability with the data in recent weeks. The overall trend shown by IQVIA data is representative of the actual kinetics, however the number of filled prescriptions as reported by IQVIA are being over projected. It is important to take away from this slide a couple of points, both on Q2 performance and on recent trends. In the second quarter, as NDC blocks were removed and OPZELURA was added to formularies, pharmacists and dermatologists began to shift from the process of the free drug program to going through the formulary process. This shift has two different effects. One is a temporary delay of filled prescriptions, which you saw in the second quarter; and two, is the positive impact on covered claims, the benefit of which will be more pronounced beginning in Q3. We are already seeing a return of 867 demand to within the range of our highest point since launch. Additionally, the percentage of covered claims, as shown by the red line, has risen rapidly from the mid-20% range at the end of June to nearly 55% today. We anticipate, with the combined effect of an increased number of filled prescriptions and improving gross to net, OPZELURA will have a more meaningful contribution to net sales in the second half of this year. On Slide 11, we're turning to vitiligo. This slide captures some of the highlights from OPZELURA's FDA-approved label as the first treatment or repigmentation in vitiligo. This is a historic approval for patients living with this disease, and the approved label includes a number of important points that will help to drive the success of the product in this indication. OPZELURA is approved for patients 12 years of age and older and can be applied to affected areas up to 10% BSA. The label allows for continuous use of OPZELURA anywhere on the body, including sensitive areas, with no limit on duration of use. The 52-week efficacy data, which has been included in the label, demonstrates the continued improvement in repigmentation with longer duration of treatment, highlighting the importance of staying on therapy. The label also notes that a satisfactory patient response may require treatment with OPZELURA for more than 24 weeks. And lastly, OPZELURA was well tolerated with application site acne as the most common AE in 6% of the patients. Turning to Slide 12 for the launch in vitiligo. Remember, these are the same target physicians as with AD, where we'll be able to leverage our existing relationships with physicians and to be able to benefit from the high level of satisfaction and experience that may have  that many already have with OPZELURA today. Our launch is underway with a comprehensive multi-channel marketing campaign that will ensure broad and consistent reach to effectively drive awareness and importantly to educate physicians on OPZELURA's mechanism of action, its impact on vitiligo and its unique clinical profile. To support the launch of OPZELURA in vitiligo, from a patient perspective, we're focusing on raising awareness and providing best-in-class support. We plan to build awareness and activate patients living with vitiligo through a strong presence on social media, print and eventually TV. We are also partnering with advocacy groups where there has been an enormous amount of excitement for OPZELURA in vitiligo. This will be the first treatment for repigmentation available for these patients and the safety and efficacy profile has been proven in the largest randomized clinical trial in this setting. It is important to drive patient adherence and compliance on OPZELURA. This will, of course, begin with physicians setting the right expectations and we will provide tools to help ensure patients have successful treatment experience. We will launch a new Vitiligo app, along with other tools designed to help patients track their treatment and response as well as provide appointment reminders, which we expect to have a positive impact on patient adherence. And of course, we will continue to provide access to OPZELURA with co-pay assistance that can lower co-pays to as low as $10 a month. We see this launch in vitiligo as one of the largest opportunities for our franchise. We are starting with a very good label and we have heard from patients and advocacy groups around the country, there is a large established medical need. This, together with the momentum from the launch in AD, will support a very successful launch. Moving on to JAKAFI on Slide 14. JAKAFI net sales in the second quarter grew 13% year-over-year to $598 million. Total patient demand grew across all indications, and the growth in new patient starts continues to remain above pre-pandemic levels. GVHD patient growth of 18% year-over-year was driven mainly by the launch in the chronic setting. With strong demand for JAKAFI, we are again raising the bottom end of our JAKAFI full year net product revenue guidance from $2.33 billion to a new range of $2.36 billion to $2.4 billion. Turning to Slide 15. Monjuvi net product sales in the U.S. grew to $23 million in the second quarter with more use moving into the second-line setting and a gradual improvement in duration. Minjuvi net sales were $4 million, where the launch is ongoing in Germany and share in second line continues to increase. PEMAZYRE worldwide net sales were $19 million with the launch currently ongoing in Europe and Japan. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. We are making significant progress within our dermatology pipeline. As you know, OPZELURA received FDA approval in vitiligo a few weeks ago and has now obtained two important FDA approvals in less than a year. We will continue to pursue other indications that may expand the use of ruxolitinib cream to more patient populations in need. Additionally, we are developing our oral JAK1 inhibitor, Povorcitinib, formerly INCB54707 in hidradenitis suppurativa, vitiligo and prurigo nodularis, all of which are in Phase II. And as Herv mentioned earlier, we are preparing a Phase III in hidradenitis suppurativa. There is significant potential with each of these indications where there are limited treatment options, in some cases, no FDA-approved treatments. One of the interesting studies we are doing with ruxolitinib cream is the long-term extension of the TRuE-V studies where we are evaluating the duration of response following the withdrawal of OPZELURA. On the left, you can see the study design for the TRuE-V studies. At 24 weeks, after the primary endpoint has been reached, patients could roll over into the long-term extension study for an additional 28 weeks. At 52 weeks, patients who achieved at least a facial VASI90 response are then randomized 1:1 to receive 1.5% ruxolitinib cream BID or vehicle. Additionally, those patients who did not achieve at least a facial VASI90 response at 52 weeks are maintained on therapy with 1.5% ruxolitinib cream BID. The primary endpoint of the study is time to relapse in those who are placed on vehicle with numerous secondary endpoints. Moving to Slide 19. We are announcing today the most recent compound moving into clinical development, INCA32459, a LAG-3 PD-1 bispecific antibodies. INCA32459 has been shown to be superior to independent LAG-3 and PD-1 blocking in the LAG-3 PD-1 dual receptor assay and has increased cellular activity compared to a combination of the monoclonal antibodies. Additionally, in a humanized mouse model, 459 controls tumor growth better than the combination and gives us confidence that it may provide differentiated pharmacology and a clinical profile relative to current treatments. On the next slide, we have a number of opportunities within LIMBER to expand our leadership in MPN and GVHD with multiple programs reaching important milestones in the second half of 2022 and into 2023. The NDA was accepted by the FDA for QD ruxolitinib. And later this year, we expect initial data from the BET and ALK2 programs in combination with ruxolitinib, and we plan to start a Phase I program evaluating the combination of CK0804 and ruxolitinib in myelofibrosis. The second quarter was a very successful quarter for Incyte with multiple products and partnered product approvals, and we look forward to a busy second half of the year. I'd now like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth with total product revenues of $664 million, representing an increase of 15% over the second quarter of 2021. Total product revenues are comprised of $598 million for JAKAFI, $50 million for other hematology/oncology products and $70 million for OPZELURA. Total royalty revenues for the quarter were $118 million and are comprised of royalties from Novartis of $84 million for JAKAVI and $4 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $30 million for Olumiant. JAKAVI and Olumiant royalties for the quarter were negatively impacted by FX headwinds while Olumiant royalties were also impacted by a decrease in net product sales of Olumiant full use asset treatment for COVID-19. Finally, total revenues for the quarter grew to $911 million, a 29% increase over the prior year period as a result of the growth in product revenues as well as $130 million in milestone revenues related to the multiple partner products approvals achieved this quarter. Turning to OPZELURA. We recorded gross product sales of $89 million in the second quarter. As payers said, OPZELURA to formularies, we are continuing to see improvement in the gross to net discount rate. The fully loaded gross to net discount rate decreased from 86% in the first quarter of 2022 to 81% in the second quarter of the year, leading to net product sales for the quarter of $17 million. As you can see on Slide 25, the evolution of the actual gross to net discount rate in Q2, represented by the green line, continues to be very much on track with the forecast we showed you earlier in the year. We expect the gross to net discount rate to continue to decline in the second half of the year and normalize at a fully loaded rate of 40% to 50% by the end of the year. Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D expenses of $344 million for the second quarter increased 2% from the prior year period, primarily due to the continued investment in our late-stage development assets. SG&A expense for the second quarter of $253 million increased 50% from the prior year period. The growth was primarily due to our investments related to the new dermatology commercial organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the launch of OPZELURA in atopic dermatitis and prelaunch activities for vitiligo. Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $3 million, which represents our 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. Finally, we ended the quarter with $2.7 billion in cash and marketable securities. Moving on to our guidance for 2022. As a result of our strong second quarter performance, we are tightening again our JAKAFI guidance range from $2.33 billion to $2.4 billion to a new range of $2.36 billion to $2.4 billion. We are also reaffirming our other hematology/oncology revenue, COGS, R&D and SG&A guidance for the year. Operator that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Two for me here. On OPZELURA, how do you know that 2Q revenue is not driven by lower organic demand as you shift from free drug versus reimbursement dynamics? And then secondly, for the drug in vitiligo, could you just speak to the education required around time to onset of effects so that patients do not expect an immediate improvement?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. I think the  well, what we're saying about the revenue is really was mostly a gross to net situation that Christiana pointed out that that's what we forecasted in the beginning from Q1 to Q2 is consistent where our gross to net was going to be. And then our demand, as you see in the sort of middle of the quarter, we ran into a little bit of a bump in the demand when we switched from the free drug program to a fully covered for patients that are covered under the contracts that we signed. And as you can see, and that's why we showed you the graph on Slide 10, is that we believe that we've overcome these situations that we have most of the NDC blocks removed. They are continuing to be removed as we move into the third quarter here. And it will only get better, but our last week of demand was in fact, the biggest week of demand that we had in the last week of July. And we believe that that trend line for demand is going to continue. The second question, as far as the [indiscernible], maybe Steven.
Steven Stein: Salveen, thank you for asking the question. I think if you go back to label, this is why it is so great to have the 52-week data incorporating the label while unexpected, because it's obviously not in the placebo randomized period to have it in was a really good win, because we can educate within label now to what was seen. And so just to reiterate, in terms of the primary endpoint, the facial VASI at 24 weeks, and then at 52 weeks, you see this continued absolute increase of another 20 percentage points in the primary endpoint from the 24-week endpoint to the 52-week endpoint talking to exactly what you were alluding to that there is this gradual time to onset in terms of improvement in repigmentation. And it's actually reflected multiple times in the label with the efficacy data, with the dosing guidance that allowed continued use and with a statement that says, you may have to wait, upwards of 24 weeks or beyond to see improvement. So we can use both the commercial channel in terms of promotional activities, because it's within label and then obviously appropriate medical communication to continually educate both the treaters, the physicians, as well as patients advocacy groups, et cetera, that there is this continued improvement over time. And it'll be very much part of our efforts across the whole spectrum involved in the dermatology program.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. With regards to your guidance to 40% to 50% growth to net by the end of this year, I know you've talked about, you are happy with the launch trajectory this far, but what are you feeling particularly confident about, what absolutely needs to happen for you to reach that target? Is it more penetration into formulary? Is it a strong launch for vitiligo out of the gate? Just help us try to understand how, because you're still at 81%, which is definitely an improvement, but a steep climb to get to where you want to be. And then secondly, for vitiligo I'm just wondering in the days of the launch, are you able to compare how scripts have been relative to the early days of when AV was launched? Thanks.
Dash Dhanak: So Tazeen, so to get to 40%-50% really, we just take that from the contracts that we already signed. So the rebates and fees that we have to pay that's really what's going to drive our growth to net. Our increased confidence in our net revenue it will be based on demand. So we do truly see that we're going to get to this 40% to 50% growth to net by the end of the year, just because a lot of the work is out of the way. Now utilization criteria has to be written as downstream plans for many of these things, particularly for vitiligo, but there is no NDC, there is mostly no NDC blocks now. More NDC blocks continue to be removed, but they all will be removed relatively soon. And that will take us to this target that we've talked about. But really it's going to be the demand that we continue to see, great enthusiasm around AD and certainly vitiligo hasn't even started yet. Now as far as vitiligo versus AD, AD as we've talked about before, I mean there is 30 million patients in the United States that might have atopic dermatitis. We say that there is five million patients that are in our treatable population. That's a whole lot of patients that were already seeking treatment. In terms of vitiligo we talk about 150,000 to 200,000 patients that are actively seeking treatment for their vitiligo. So there is far fewer patients that you can imagine that are going to come in perhaps right away, but we do absolutely see demand out there when we talk to the advocacy groups, when we talk to our patients, when we talk to the dermatologists who treat these patients, the demand is there. And then there is millions of patients beyond the patients who are actively seeking treatment for vitiligo today that we think will reenter and go back to their dermatologist to seek treatment just because now there is something effective that's going to be available So we don't necessarily see that there is going to be a gigantic bolus today, we do know that patients are coming in today and getting scripts filled for vitiligo and getting it paid for, but we don't really know how many at this point, but it will take a number of weeks to a number of months, in fact, for all of the plans, the right to utilization criteria for vitiligo. But we have a great label and we think that's, what's going to be put into the utilization criteria by the downstream plans.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Also on Opzelura where are you seeing up Opzelura being placed on formularies in atopic derm relative to your expectations? I guess I'm wondering whether the slower growth in end user use is because you are now facing prior authorizations and step edits, or if it's just a matter of temporary miscoding at the level of pharmacy as you transition from free drug? And then I guess along those lines, it looks like  another question on growth to net, it looks like your expectation range for third quarter is somewhat broad. I'm wondering if you could talk about maybe some of the puts and takes there and the degree to which this is going to be  where you end up in, I guess for third quarter will relate to some of the formulary placement elements from that third PBM that caught online in July. Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot: Sure, Brian. So our expectations are for where we're placed on formula again is the utilization criteria that downstream plans end up putting into place for ADs. So most of the plans can have one prior therapy or two prior therapies at TCI or TCS. All of our contracts are written so that the downstream plans can take advantage of rebates by deciding to put it after one step or two steps. But most of them are just there, they are at one step or two step. And we think that will evolve over time and only get better. There is not necessarily miscoding at pharmacies, there certainly was a little bit of maybe an unexpected slow-down that we believe is fixed now that when people were switching from the free drug program to the prior approvals, it was easier for some pharmacies to continue to get free drug rather to go in through the prior approval process. But in this marketplace prior approvals are the norm. And in fact, dermatologists are used to doing prior approvals all the time. Most of them are electronic prior approvals that occur very quickly and if not they might take one or two days to get through the prior approval process. So we did have a slowdown but it really picked back up again. And I'm really proud of our market access team that was able to step in and solve these problems. For the gross-to-net, I might hand it over to Christiana.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Brian. Regarding the gross-to-net, as we showed you on Slide 25, the shape of the curve prompt you to Q4, the second half of the year can take various forms, but we are confident that at the end of the year, we will be getting at least 40% to 50% gross-to-net discount rate. What would impact the shape of that curve in the second half is how quickly the remaining plans put Opzelura on formularies and the speed in which the remaining NDC blocks get removed. But as we showed you we feel very good with the progress that we have made. And at this point we have 80% of plants that  or 80% of patients that are covered commercial patients that are under plants that are under those three large PBMs with whom we have contracts and over 50% of prescriptions that currently are covered. So we are progressing well towards that 40% to 50% steady state rate by the end of the year.
Brian Abrahams: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Great? Oh, hey, thanks for taking the questions. For the LIMBER program, can you talk about the potential for myelofibrosis disease modification with all the different combinations of rux with PI3K, ALK, BET, BCL 2 and whether or not you've seen any pre-clinical or clinical evidence of fibrosis improvement with any of those combos? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Jay it's Steven. Thanks for your question. Yes, so obviously the endpoints in clinical trials to date have been on spleen volume reduction and then symptom improvement to give you what you need for clinical benefit. But people look at fibrosis as well. And then other things like allel burden, et cetera, to get to the point you are talking about. One of the issues with reading fibrosis from bone marrows is sampling, is inter observer variability, central confirmation, et cetera, with the grading is not always very precise. But you do sometimes you can get a sense of fibrotic improvement. So, to reiterate, clinical benefit comes currently at least at a regulatory standard from this spleen volume reduction and symptom improvement and then disease modification as an underlying secondary endpoint. In terms of the therapies you mentioned, we'll have to see basically there is preclinical clues certainly in, for example, in the BET program, certainly in terms of the new effort with [indiscernible] and the T regulatory cells that we use there from the umbilical cord that you can potentially have underlying disease modification. But ultimately it's the clinical data sets that will prove that. With parsaclisib, we've announced the primary endpoints for both the first line and the suboptimal study in terms of spleen volume reduction, and certainly in first line needing symptoms as well With L2, the promise potentially also comes from what we want is underlying anemia improvement and then the ability to continue to dose ruxo at adequate levels to get maximum effect. So that's mainly what's been looked at. And again, just to be repetitive, we'll ultimately see. So there are some preclinical clues that you can do underlying modification, but we'll wait the data sets. Thanks.
Jay Olson: That sounds great. Thank you.
Steven Stein: [Indiscernible]
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Thanks for taking my questions. Just back to gross-to-net on Opzelura. Just doing some back at the envelope calculations with the graph you showed. I mean, it looks like the covered claims are getting a gross-to-net that maybe in the low- to mid-40s. Is that accurate? And then based on that is there any reason to expect the kind of plans that are coming online later in the year to be materially different in terms of the person that associated them with them than the ones that are online currently?
Steven Stein: So Marc, your first part of your question, I guess what you're saying our gross-to-net is determined by the overall number of units that we sold and obviously the amount of reimbursement we're getting or payments we're getting for that. So right now our gross-to-net, as you can see, is what we expected to continue to improve. 55% of claims are being covered now, every single day that's going to get better and better. Gross-to-net at the end of the year, of course, is going to be in the range that we said. So they are not material different, but the gross-to-net will be better for each tube that we sell by the end of the year. So, we're very confident of the guidance that we've given so far in terms of gross-to-net. And I'm very confident that our demand is going to continue to increase week after week, particularly now with the vitiligo approval as well as the AD approval.
Herv Hoppenot: Just a comment on that, I mean, there are two ways to look at it. I mean, you can look at it over the entire set of prescription over a period of time. And that's the graph we have showing that over given quarter, the gross-to-net for all of these prescriptions, is on average has been 81% and improving obviously will be improving in Q3. And then you have the other aspect, which is the percentage of cover claim. And when the claim is covered, the net price for given tubes, that one tube that is covered is in fact very much in line with our target that we have given for the full year, the 40% to 50%.
Marc Frahm: Okay. That that's very helpful. And then maybe just on the pipeline, Steven, the decision to move forward in hidradenitis, one is the Phase 2 data just available internally this year, or should we expect to see it? And then as you go towards Phase 3, what's kind of  given the safety labeling of the JAK class, kind of what's the clinical profile that you think you need to be able to establish on the efficacy side in order to be a good option for hidradenitis patients?
Steven Stein: Yes, thank you, Marc. So yes the intention is to show the complete Phase 2 proof-of-concept data set at a median this year. So, you will see it in 2022. We expect to be treated with JAK class labeling here because it is after all in an inflammatory condition. Again, these are patients with a lot of unmet need, they tend to have high body mass indexes and a lot of abscess and nodules. So, the profile we need to see, there are numerous ways to measure it. We looked at abscess and nodules count, we looked at this established combination endpoint called high score, it's a scoring system that was used with the Humira approval. And then, we'll work out with the regulatory agency what's the best one to use for a Phase 3 study. And then there is a reasonable placebo response rate here as well. Again, you'll see that when we show you the full data set. So you want to a large Delta between the placebo and then the efficacy effect, given that you're going to have class labeling likely a black box, because it's an inflammatory condition. And we are confident in what we've seen thus far with 707 in this entity. Thanks.
Marc Frahm: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today is coming from Evan Seigerman from BMO Capital Markets, your line is now live.
Evan Seigerman: Hi guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, earlier on the call, you had mentioned some of the commercial dynamics that you saw during second quarter were temporary. I'm just wondering how temporary they were. And now that we're a month into the third quarter, have you seen some of these trends reverse? And then looking ahead, with the gross-to-net around 40% to 50% for Opzelura, is that what you should be expecting come 2023 and 2024? Is that really the steady state kind of in the years beyond 2022? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot: Yes, so Evan, it was temporary. We believe we had a problem mostly with the large portion of our prescriptions are filled by independent pharmacies, so it took us a little while to work together with them to work out them getting back to doing prior approvals, which they are very familiar with. And we're very confident that that was in fact temporary. Now the gross-to-net of 40% to 50% going forward in 2023 and beyond, we're certainly going to do everything we can to protect our gross-to-net. As you know the PBMs and pairs will always come back and try to get more and more and more. So we just keep on working to maintain that gross-in-net, because we think the value that this product offers is exceptional and we don't want to lose that value.
Evan Seigerman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt : Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I had another one on Opzelura, just maybe talk about your confidence in script data and the increase in demand in the third quarter. Yes, it sounded like you said that prescription data was overestimated in a second and when I look at your gross sales, it looks like that declined slightly from ninety-one in the first quarter. Just wondering how confident you are in those in those forecasts.
Herv Hoppenot: Yes. So, our script data is very accurate. Obviously, we know exactly how much we're shipping. We know what we've reported the 867 data is what our wholesalers shipped to the pharmacies, which we think really reflects prescription volume. Just getting to your last part, the demand in Q2 was actually higher than Q1. I believe it was 42,000 tubes in Q1 for demand and 47,000 tubes in Q2 for demand. So the difference in the growth sales that we reported last time, and this time is really an inventory issue. So inventory was lower at the end of Q2 than we anticipated. So that's really the difference there. So we're very confident. And now what we've talked about TRx is that's IQVIA TRx. So there is a misalignment that often happens with the products that IQVIA sells, particularly at the beginning of a launch. And they happen to be  and this is the data, obviously that you guys get other analysts and investors get. So, it worries us a little bit when they are over projecting. We work with IQVIA, and they will, in fact, at some point make the corrections and as they often do, and they go back and send out to their customers what they believe the real data is today. So we're very confident about our data, we're very confident that now week after week, as it was in the beginning of year prescriptions will continue to grow from this point on. And I don't anticipate any barriers to demand growth going forward.
Michael Schmidt: Okay. Super helpful. And then there was another tropical approved yesterday in the dermatology space that could enter the AD market next year. And the black price was at a significantly lower than what were Opzeluras price? And I was just wondering how you think that might impact competitive dynamics longer term?
Herv Hoppenot: Well, I don't know why [indiscernible] priced as they do or anybody else does pricing. We, we're confident in the value that we offer and that's the price now. Also roflumilast at least the data they released so far in atopic dermatitis is not that impressive. So it didn't come near the efficacy and safety that Opzelura offers to AD patients. So their approval is completely different indication, plaque psoriasis and so apparently it's okay in plaque psoriasis and they have lots of competition there. So maybe their price point is based upon both the systemic competition as well as the other topical competition. So that's  that was their decision, but we're confident in the way we priced our drug. And we're confident that both of these drugs that have recently been approved for plaque psoriasis will not equally efficacy that we've demonstrated in our two Phase 3 trials thus far.
Michael Schmidt: Super helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank question. Next question is from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is not live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hey guys, thank you so much for taking my question. One question on Opzelura, just wondering how long do you expect the copay assistance to continue? And then on the chronic GVHD looks like the uptake is pretty strong. I was just wondering if the strong launch is due to a bolus of available patients. Do you expect the growth to continue in a similar manner? Also any additional color you can provide on when we can see data from the  from axatilimab the Syndax collaboration? Thank you so much.
Herv Hoppenot: So I'll take the first part and then hand the axatilimab question over to Steven, so copay assistance. So there's a couple of different parts of that. So as we launch the program as many other companies do when they launch a new drug and this sort of marketplace is that you pick up the full cost of the drug. So we fully anticipated doing that. We wanted to have a very generous program so that full buy-down program essentially will be phased out over time and is being traced out even now. But their copay card program to assist patients that have a high copay will always be in place. So we'll always do that. Plus even patients that have maybe they go through the prior approval process and they're denied through our inside CARES program, they'll be able to make  they'll be able to get drug. So in terms of GVHD, it's the chronic launch. So we did have a bolus in 2021 that we talked about. We had expanded access program. We switched 200 or 300 patients over from Expanded Access Program to GVHD. That's all gone and we continue to grow as we've demonstrated the 18% year-over-year growth. Chronic is  we acute and chronic steroid-refractory acute GVHD Jakafi is the standard of care. Hands down, and we're very proud of that. Chronic patients are getting a lot of benefit from Jakafi and they'll continue to get benefit. We'll see continued growth there. I think we've talked about before how we divided up GVHD and you can see that it's about 15% of our units going out. Our net sales are approximately 15%. We expect that to continue to grow. There's about 14,000 chronic GVHD patients out there. The prevalent population is about 14,000 but the incident population is relatively small. So it's an exciting area that we're in. We think axatilimab was build upon that franchise that we have in chronic GVHD. And I'll hand the call over to Steven now for...
Steven Stein: Thanks Barry. Thanks for the question Kripa. With our partner Syndax, the AGAVE study is ongoing and is enrolling excellent. It should complete enrollment this year. Then we wait for the primary endpoint and we'll present the data in 2023. That's a registration directed study in third line chronic graft-versus-host disease with monotherapy axatilimab. In addition, we will start combination work with a JAK inhibitor, which is now going to be ruxolitinib. And that'll be to get a safe dose and schedule and then we'll move that up. The treatment paradigm, look at earlier lines  earlier settings with the non-overlapping mechanism of action, plus the likelihood that there's no overlapping toxicity makes it a potentially exciting combination. So just to repeat data in 2023 on the pivotal registration study which has gone really well. Thanks.
Kripa Devarakonda: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Securities. Your line is now live?
Andrew Berens: Hi, thanks. I was wondering if we could get some more color on who's prescribing Opzelura and the copays? Are the majority of the prescribers, the docs that have been detailed by your sales reps and then IQVIA has a breakdown of the copays. And it has a fair number of patients have zero copays, and also those that have over $75 copays was just wondering if those data points are accurate? And I probably should know this, but is your patient assistance copay offset part of the gross to net calculation? And then lastly, do you have any data on the abandoned scripts, the ones that are presented to the pharmacy, but not filled by the patient because of the copay or lack of coverage?
Herv Hoppenot: That's a lot of questions. But we'll try to answer them one at a time. So who's prescribing? So dermatologist and dermatologist offices are prescribing, but that's dermatologist physicians assistants and nurse practitioners of which there are many, and they're all prescribing. There's some allergists who are prescribing as well. So that's what's happening there. Breakdown of copays it's sort of all over the place. We do expect an average copay that that a patient might have once they're  once their plan covers Opzelura either for AD or for vitiligo and could settle somewhere around $40. Unfortunately at the beginning of the year many patients also have a deductible that they have to meet before they get to their copay, so we pick that up as well. And yes copay assistance is part of the gross to net that's a factor in our net sale. So any copay that we pick up versus removed, but it's relatively low compared to  compared to a full buy down or something like that. And number of scripts turned away by patients due to copays, I don't know? Like I said, there shouldn't be any due to copays because we'll help them to pick up the copay if they have. Copay that is difficult for them to afford, but how many scripts that people walk away from, because of that I think, it shouldn't be any to be honest with you. Like we said, we did have a little bit of a hiccup there where patients might have not been getting their prescriptions as fast as they should have or may have walked away because it was taking too long to get them filled. We think we have that completely fixed now. And there's always going to be problems in this marketplace that we have, in this healthcare system that we have of patients running into barriers. But in fact we do everything we possibly can to make sure those patients get the scripts that they need.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Thanks for taking the question. So I just wanted to circle back on the Opzelura physician survey that you showed. Do you have any insight I guess no pun intended there as to the driver behind the increase in that proportion of treated patients that are considered candidates for the drug? And then also, I'm hoping you might talk a little bit about rux QD and the potential positioning for that once approved or so assuming approval next year? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot: Sure. As far as the survey goes, I mean all that's really saying is that when we first ask physicians what percent of patients that they believe are eligible for Opzelura and this was in fact in AD. They gave a number but now that more and more have used, they've seen the safety and efficacy that Opzelura provides. We have many patients and physicians who send in pictures of their eczema resolving relatively quickly or very quickly because of the use. So they're very excited about it. So the more they get experience with it, the dermatologist, physicians, nurse practitioners, PAs the more they decide that this could really help a greater number of patients than we imagined. So I think that's only going to continue to increase both for AD and for vitiligo as dermatologists really see how the efficacy and safety of this product. For rux QD, we're going to launch in next year how we're going to position it? Well we think that this, well once a day versus twice a day is a very good option for many patients. So across all of our indications obviously the real reason that we're having rux QD roll out is because we want to combine it with other products that Steven talked about before that we have in our pipeline that we think will add to the safety and efficacy of  or the efficacy that Jakafi already provides. So that's the real purpose of launching it, but we think many people will benefit just from, the convenience factor the better compliance that they'll get from a once a day versus a twice a day.
Mara Goldstein: Okay. And if I could just ask povorcitinib in vitiligo; can you just speak to that difference in the body surface area criteria and how that aligns with how physicians treat vitiligo or current standard of care for vitiligo?
Herv Hoppenot: Sure. Steven thanks for the question. So our current label with Opzelura is in patients with 10% or less body surface area involvement, which incorporates about 80% of patients with non-segmental vitiligo, and for practical purposes, it gets pretty difficult to treat people with more body surface area involved, because the amount of cream potentially you have to use. For povorcitinib in this vitiligo program there's a little bit of overlap and worked with regulators it's 8% or above. So these are people with much more extensive skin involvement, and they can go up to 20%, 30%, 40% involvement. And there, again practically it becomes impossible to put that much cream on the therapeutic ratio changes and you can use an oral therapy to treat an oral systemic JAK inhibitor to treat the vitiligo. Because of that overlap, the numbers can get a little confusing, but that represents about 30% of patients. So you can sort of do the math there that have more than  more than 8% involvement and require an oral JAK inhibitor because of the extent of disease involvement there? Thanks.
Mara Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess on that fixed  on the QD rux and then the BET and ALK data coming, is the next step after we see the data in the second half to move right to a fixed dose combination with the QD rux or is there an additional Phase 2 trial or something that will happen? And then separately I on Monjuvi, I'm just wondering if you still see this as a $500 million to $700 million opportunity, given the rollout and in particular the broader label of [indiscernible] to include transplant ineligible patients, if that impacts your kind of long-term opportunity for Monjuvi?
Herv Hoppenot: Yes. Matt, Steven I'll do the first part. So because it's once daily and it was in a submission that involved bio-equivalence and bioavailability data to get there. We will be developing other clinical data, but at the same time we've started developing fixed dose combinations because all of our other combinations are once daily as well. So whether it's parsaclisib, the BET inhibitor or the ALK2 inhibitor, they all once daily and have the ability to have fixed dose combinations. The parsaclisib registration studies are obviously ongoing and enrolling well, both the suboptimal and the first line study. And obviously aren't with fixed dose combinations at the moment. So once we have an FTC there, we would work out a transition again likely through a BA/BE route in conjunction with regulators to get there. But the future programs should we go there with BET and ALK2 would have the potential to go straight away to an FTC with each of those, so that's the promise there. And then I'll hand the question over to others for the second part.
Steven Stein: Yes. So Monjuvi, we certainly still have confidence in Monjuvi. We certainly still think that we're going to get to in the relapse refractory setting we can get to $500 million; obviously it's taking us longer than we anticipated. The marketplace has changed in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Over time it's a very dynamic market. Obviously there's more data with the CAR-Ts. There's more data with frontline [indiscernible], there's more products entering that are the bispecifics, but Monjuvi and LEN is an excellent combination for patients who have failed R-CHOP therapy are relapsed on R-CHOP. And we really believe that there's really only a couple of options for patients who aren't going on to transplant and that could be CAR-T but the vast majority of patients should be eligible for Monjuvi LEN. So we just need to keep on doing a better job of educating, because this is a product that really has great a CR rate, and the duration of response is 44 months, a three-year follow-up. There's really not much better data or any better data in that particular setting for duration of response than Monjuvi LEN. So we really anticipate that this is a product that can serve a lot of patients in the relapse refractory setting. And then of course, we'll wait for data in little lymphoma and in the first-line setting because that's where the ultimate real value of the product will come from.
Operator: Right. The next question is coming from Stephen Willey from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Stephen Willey: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. So just a quick one on Opzelura. So I guess following the initial approval in AD, I know your guidance implied about three to four tubes per 80 patient per year. Just wondering how the reiterate that you're seeing at this point in the launch still informs some of the persistency and utilization assumptions that are that are embedded within that that unit guidance on a per patient basis? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. Stephen, its Barry. So until we really see all of the NDC blocks remove utilization criteria stabilize, it's really hard to know exactly what the refill rate is currently and is going to be in the future for AD. So these patients we know that 25% of the data rate  27% of our units this quarter were from refills. Is that the right amount? Is it going to be more than that? It's hard to say at this point, until we get fully stabilized on the payer situation. Once we do, then we'll really see what the refill rate is going to be. The drug works really well and some patients get relief very quickly. And some patients will have to have that  will have flare, we know that from a clinical trials and have to come back for a refill again. So it's not clear at this point, but like I said, it's 27% are our units currently, and that may grow into the future, but we'll have to get some more data before we can finalize that number.
Stephen Willey: All right. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Gavin Clark-Gartner from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Gavin Clark-Gartner: Hey, thanks for taking the question. So just on the LIMBER program for the BET and ALK2 Phase 2 combination data that's coming in the second half of this year, could you stop with some expectations for what data exactly we'll see. So I know you mentioned it'll be the initial and somewhat limited efficacy data. But just wanted to clarify, like what exactly you're planning to show? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Hey, Gavin, its Steven, thanks. So you're correct. It's actually mostly Phase 1 safety data, but we'll try and incorporate as much of the efficacy component as we can in time for the abstract cutoff et cetera. And then for  again BET just to mention briefly, it's a drug we had for a long time. We treated solid tumor patients at multiples of the dose years ago and hundreds plus patients. So we know its safety profile at higher doses very well in terms of on-target thrombocytopenia and now it's really about getting the right therapeutic ratio in combo with rux and then make decisions to go forward. So it's largely a safety update to some efficacy. On ALK2 it incorporates some translational data as well, particularly as regards iron kinetics and hepcidin inhibition. So you'll see that as well in the data set that's presented. And we've seen favorable movements in terms of hepcidin inhibition and some iron kinetics. But we'll have to see whether that translates to hemoglobin increases or not over time. So largely safety updates, minimal efficacy, some translational data file to. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We reached in of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Christine for any further closing remarks.
Christine Chiou: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for follow up. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incytes first quarter 2022 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the Investors section of our website. Joining me on the call today are Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana will deliver our prepared remarks and Dash, who will join us for the Q&A. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our reports filed with the SEC. We will now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. Incytes strong momentum in 2021 continued into the first quarter with product and royalty revenues up 20%. Jakafi grew 17% year-over-year with patient demand driving growth in MF and PV as well as in GVHD following the successful launch in the chronic indication. Our hematology and oncology portfolio grew 24% year-over-year, driven by our new product uptake consisting of multiple new launches, including Pemazyre in Europe and Japan and Monjuvi in Europe. The Opzelura launch continued to be very successful with strong uptake by dermatologists, high satisfaction reported by both patients and physicians and significant advancements with payers, which Barry will address in his remarks. We made progress across all stages of our pipeline with important updates that include positive 52-week data for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo, the prioritization of 280 and 318 in our oral PD-L1 program and the start of our CDK2 clinical program. Our royalty revenue remained strong, growing 23% year-over-year, contributing to our growth profile. Turning to Slide 5. As you can see on the left, we are still in the early phase of launch for many of these products, including Opzelura in atopic dermatitis, Pemazyre and cholangiocarcinoma, where we are expanding geographically; and Monjuvi, which is just starting to launch in Europe and Jakafi where we recently launched in chronic GVHD in the U.S. There is ample room for growth with each of these new launches. On top of that, we have new potential indication that well be providing additional growth opportunities with Opzelura in vitiligo and with our partner product where we have new indication being planned over the next few months for Olumiant, Tabrecta and Jakavi. In addition to these launches, there are a number of programs in our mid- and late-stage pipeline, as shown on the right that could have a meaningful impact on our revenue. Before handing the call to Barry, I would like to provide an update on Opzelura manufacturing. We have recently received FDA approval and have implemented the new manufacturing process to improve the dissolution of API for Opzelura. In addition, consistent with best practices, we have received FDA approval for a second manufacturer of Opzelura to support our successful launch. We are also preparing to reintroduce samples in the U.S. Now to share more details on product performance and outlook, I will turn over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. The launch of Opzelura in the U.S. is off to an excellent start with over 68,000 total prescriptions written through the end of the first quarter. More than 38,000 new patients we treated in the first quarter bringing the total number of new patients treated with Opzelura to over 57,000 since launch. We attribute the robust uptake in the very high satisfaction of both patients and physicians, which is fueling the positive feedback loop and driving demand. Patients are requesting refills, which accounted for roughly 23% of prescriptions in the last week of Q1, another good indicator of long-term growth potential for Opzelura. On the payer front, we have added coverage of over 75 million additional lives since the end of January. This brings the total number of covered lives to 146 million, highlighting the progress we have and continue to make in the early months of launch. Turning to Slide 8. Multiple leading indicators are supporting the long-term potential of Opzelura, including market share gains for new patients and positive feedback on patient experience. In just six months since launch, our 12% new patient share now exceeds that of Eucrisa and Dupixent, highlighting the unmet need for more efficacious treatments for atopic dermatitis patients. Over 7,500 physicians have now prescribed Opzelura. We continue to increase our prescriber depth week-over-week, gaining an average of 200 to 300 new writers each week. Our high decile prescribers those who see the highest volume of AD patients each week and who have written the scripts for Opzelura have initiated an average of 18 new patients of Opzelura since launch. This repeat prescribing shows the positive experience and confidence that physicians are having with Opzelura and is supported by recent market research from the field. We are receiving very favorable feedback from the physicians about the efficacy of Opzelura, resulting in a high rate of satisfaction among both patients and physicians. In a recent survey, over half of physicians indicated they expect to increase prescribing of Opzelura in the next three months with over 60% of our top dermatologists indicating  Opzelura will more than double in the coming months. Moving on to our progress with payers on [Technical Difficulty]. Since our last update since our Q4 earnings call, we were able to get NDC blocks removed with one national PBM, one large national health plan and multiple key regional plans, adding approximately 53 million commercial lives, which are now covered, including our progress with Medicaid and government channels, our total number of lives covered has increased by 75 million to reach 146 million, which is outstanding progress in the short amount of time. As a final note on Opzelura, we are also preparing to reintroduce samples in the United States. Turning to Slide 10 and Jakafi performance. Jakafi net sales in the first quarter grew 17% year-over-year to $544 million. Total patient demand grew across all indications and the growth in new patient starts of 12% versus the first quarter of 2021 remains above pre-pandemic levels. New patient starts in GVHD grew 25% year-over-year, with strength coming from the launch in the chronic indication. With the strong demand for Jakafi, we are raising the bottom end of our Jakafi full year net product revenue guidance from $2.3 billion to a new range of $2.33 billion to $2.4 billion. Turning to Slide 11. Monjuvi net product sales in the U.S. grew 21% year-over-year to $19 million in the first quarter, and we are continuing to see uptake in new and existing accounts, more second-line use and a gradual improvement in duration of therapy. Monjuvi net sales were $5 million, with the launch ongoing in Germany, and we continue to seek reimbursement in other countries. Pemazyre grew 34% to $18 million with the duration of therapy continuing to drive its performance. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Starting with ruxolitinib cream on Slide 13. Last month, we presented updated 52-week data for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo at the American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting. As a reminder, during the 24-week double-blind period, patients were randomized 2:1 to receive ruxolitinib cream 1.5% BID or vehicle. After the 24-week visit, all patients crossed over to active therapy. At 52 weeks, approximately 50% of the patients initially randomized to ruxolitinib cream experienced at least a 75% improvement in their VASI score from baseline, and nearly one third of patients experienced at least a 90% improvement in facial VASI. No new safety signals were seen and ruxolitinib cream was well tolerated with no serious treatment-related adverse events reported. These data demonstrate the potential for substantial improvement in repigmentation with a longer duration of treatment with ruxolitinib cream. Also at AAD, we presented data from our population-based VALIANT study, which aim to better understand quality-of-life burden faced [indiscernible]. In studies, anxiety and depression were reported in up to 68% and 62% of patients with vitiligo, respectively. The psychological impairment that may result from vitiligo can be similar to that of other skin diseases such as psoriasis or eczema and can impact patients of all types, indiscriminative skin color, percentage body surface area involvement or the area affected. Many patients with vitiligo have stopped seeking treatment due to a lack of approved therapies. We are excited the potential to bring the first FDA-approved therapy for repigmentation to people with vitiligo and to be able to offer them a new choice of therapy. Ruxolitinib cream is under review both in the United States and in Europe with the PDUFA date in the United States of July 18. Moving to Slide 15. We are initiating a study in vitiligo to evaluate the benefit of adding phototherapy to ruxolitinib cream treatment. This is a 48-week trial where patients will receive a 1.5% ruxolitinib cream twice daily for 12 weeks followed by ruxolitinib cream plus or minus phototherapy. Rounding out dermatology, INCB54707, is in Phase 2 studies for vitiligo, hidradenitis suppurativa and prurigo nodularis, where there continues to be high unmet medical need and the lack of effective therapies or in some cases, no approved therapies at all. We expect to present data for vitiligo and hidradenitis suppurativa in the second half of this year. Turning to Slide 17 and our oral PD-L1 program. Last year at SITC, we presented data on the three compounds in our oral PD-L1 program, where we demonstrated the first clinical activity with an oral PD-L1 inhibitor. We saw evidence of tumor shrinkage with all three compounds, and in the case of 86550, an increased rate of peripheral neuropathy. Based on clinical data from ongoing studies and positive therapeutic ratios seen for 280 and 318, we have opted to move forward with these two compounds. Enrollment is progressing well in both studies with 280 and 318. We continue to observe tumor shrinkage with both compounds and to date, no evidence of peripheral neuropathy has been seen. There are several benefits to an oral PD-L1 including the potential for better management of immune-related adverse events due to a shorter half-life, the opportunity of developing oral-oral combinations and the ease of dosing with an oral agent. We expect to provide a data update from our oral PD-L1 program in the second half of this year. Moving to early development on Slide 18. We are initiating a Phase 1 dose escalation and dose expansion study in advanced solid tumors with our novel, potent and select of oral small molecule CDK2 inhibitor, INCB123667. CDK2 in complex with Cyclin E is a cell cycle regulator, which, when inhibited, has been shown to suppress tumor growth, mainly in Cyclin E amplified tumor models. Cyclin E is an amplified oncogene in multiple aggressive cancer types, including ovarian and endometrial cancer. To close, we expect multiple regulatory and key clinical data readouts this year as shown on Slide 19. Specifically for lumbar, the once-daily RUX NDA will be submitted in this half of 2022. The BET and ALK2 combination trials with ruxolitinib are progressing well with data expected in the second half of 2022. The ruxolitinib cream PDUFA for vitiligo in the United States is July 18, and we expect an EMA decision in the second half of this year as well. For our partnered products, ruxolitinib in acute and chronic graft versus host disease and capmatinib in non-small cell lung cancer, both have received positive CHMP opinion. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth with total product and royalty revenues of $728 million, representing an increase of 20% over the first quarter of 2021 and reflecting growth across products commercialized by Incyte and Incyte Discover products commercialized by our partners. Total product and royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $544 million for Jakafi, $49 million for other hematology/oncology products and $13 million for Opzelura. Royalties from Novartis of $71 million for Jakavi and $3 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $48 million for Olumiant. Turning to Opzelura, in the first quarter, the growth in prescriptions continued to be strong, leading to gross product sales of $90 million for the quarter, as payers add Opzelura to formularies, we are starting to see the improvement in the gross to net discount rate. The fully loaded gross to net discount rate decreased from 92% in the fourth quarter of 2021 to 86% in the first quarter of 2022, leading to net product sales for the quarter of $13 million. On our Q4 call earlier this year, we showed you our forecast of the evolution of the gross to net discount rate as depicted by the dotted blue line. The green line represents our actual gross to net discount and as you can see, Q1 was very much on track. We expect the gross to net discount rate to continue to decline in Q2 and normalize at a fully loaded rate of 40% to 50% between Q3 and Q4, depending on the timing of the removal of the remaining NDC blocks by PBMs and the addition of Opzelura on formularies. Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D expenses of $333 million for the first quarter decreased 13% from the prior year period preview to  increased 13% from the prior year period, primarily due to the continued investment in our late-stage development assets. Total R&D expense of $353 million for the first quarter includes milestone consideration of $20 million for our collaborative agreements. SG&A expense for the first quarter of $210 million increased 36% from the prior year periods total SG&A expense or 49%, excluding the $13 million onetime payment recorded in the first quarter of 2021. The growth was primarily due to our investments related to the new dermatology commercial organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the launch of Opzelura. Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $5 million, which represents a 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. Finally, our financial position continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with $2.5 billion in cash and marketable securities. Moving on to our guidance for 2022. As a result of our strong first quarter performance as well as signs and expectations of sites reopening and providing us with increased access to physicians, we are tightening our Jakafi guidance range from $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion to a new range of $2.33 billion to $2.4 billion. We are also reaffirming our other hematology/oncology revenue, COGS, R&D and SG&A guidance for the year. Operator that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I had a few on Opzelura. First, could you speak a bit more about the manufacturing update you began the call with? Specifically, at this point, how many batches or what portion of the current commercial supply do you estimate has been impacted by some of the texture issues that you mentioned previously? And for the updated manufacturing process, what is the current thinking around the time line for getting that up and running? And how long do you think it will be before the sampling program can be reinstated? And then I had a follow-up, but maybe Ill ask you those questions first.
Steven Stein: Vikram, its Steven. Ill take your question, and Ill just reaffirm some things we said on the actual prepared remarks. And just to reiterate, we know that the texture issue is due to a very small amount of active pharmaceutical ingredient that has come out of solution. And that has obviously been the focus of all our efforts. As Herv said upfront, we have implemented a recent process change via a regulatory process called a CBE-30 that improved solubility. Weve received FDA approval for this and that process is underway and is improving the decision of API. In addition, as Herv said on his prepared remarks via a longer regulatory process called a prior approval supplement and as his best practice, weve initiated a second manufacturing site and that is coming on board as we speak to answer your question specifically. So those units from that second site will  in the next couple of weeks will be out in the field and with patients. We absolutely expect also within the next week or so, as Barry said in his remarks, to begin the sampling program as well, given that now we have a batch made for that. We dont give specific numbers on percentages, but as we have already said in the call, 68,000 prescriptions, with a very small amount of complaints, the rate is obviously coming down, and we expect it to do so now with these improvements as well going forward.
Vikram Purohit: Okay. Got it. Thats helpful. And then as a follow-up for vitiligo, assuming FDA approval in July, would you anticipate providing U.S. sales guidance for vitiligo, the way you have for AD? And more generally, as youve evaluated the opportunity in vitiligo over recent months, how do you think the commercial opportunity compares to what youre seeing now evolve in AD?
Christiana Stamoulis: So Vikram, hi, its Christiana. In terms of the vitiligo peak sales potential, I think its a little bit of a different situation than AD. In the AD, AD is an established market where it was easier to have a sense of not only the size of patients that are affected by AD, but the number of patients that are actively seeking treatment today and how this market looks like and how it may evolve. In the case of vitiligo, we have discussed in the past, there are no effective therapies now. And as a result, the patients  the majority of patients are not currently seeking treatment. So its a little bit harder to have right from the beginning a sense of how quickly that will change. And therefore, we may not be in a position from the beginning to give you the peak sales estimates that we did for AD. Actually, if you look at vitiligo, you run the numbers even for the current number of patients that seek treatment you can see that you can very quickly get to very big numbers like in the billion-plus type of numbers. So, we want to see a bit more of how this evolves before we come out with the peak sales potential for vitiligo.
Vikram Purohit: Okay. Understood. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hi, thank you so much for taking my questions. I was wondering now that youre reinstating the sample program, would this continue if and when Opzelura is approved for vitiligo especially given that you might need to use it for like a longer period of time versus the atopic dermatitis in order to see efficacy? And for Opzelura atopic dermatitis is that the drug is being adopted and we moved through the launch, do you have a better sense now of duration of therapy? And is there any gap between results? Or youre seeing people refilling at pretty good compliance rate? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: So Kripa, this is Barry. So yes, when we initiate, reinitiate the samples for AD, we anticipate well still have samples and continued samples throughout the launch of vitiligo. As far as duration of therapy, its too early in the launch. I mean weve launched for six months now. We see new patient growth continuing to accelerate. We see the refills at 23%. We think thats pretty good for right now. And so  as far as the duration of therapies, we dont know. As far as gaps between tubes, for example, we also dont know. Wed have to go back to the clinical trial to see exactly what those patients did, but it may not be the same in the real world for duration of therapy. What weve said in the past, of course, is that  once we stabilize over a period of time, as we get into launch, we anticipate that patients will generally get three tubes to four tubes of Opzelura per year for atopic dermatitis.
Kripa Devarakonda: Great. Thank you. And if I can ask a quick follow-up question. One of the kiosk we spoke to said that consensus about Opzelura is broadly really good, but the black box label may be affecting uptake in community settings. Is that what youre seeing? Or is  is the use of the drug impacting how community doctors are looking at it?
Barry Flannelly: No, I cant say that community doctors are any different than academic doctors. In fact, in dermatology, theres very  theres very big practices that treat many, many patients and their uptake of Opzelura. So our highest decile prescribers, for example, continue to use it. Theyll tell us sometimes that individual patients might have more questions about the black box, but theyre very used to explaining black box or side effects or potential side effects that any drugs they use may have. So theyre comfortable walking patients through that, but we really havent seen it as a barrier.
Kripa Devarakonda: Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Matthew Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matthew Phipps: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, on the POD1UM-304 [ph] study, following the recent FDA AdCom, even though this trial does have a couple of U.S. sites, its not really comparing retifanlimab to the current standard of care in the U.S. So wondering if youve got FDA sign-off on that trial design? Or if youll have to make changes based on kind of the FDAs pushback of Lilly retifanlimab approach? And then second, at the time of the Monjuvi deal, you had mentioned longer-term upside was really from the potential of Monjuvi plus parsaclisib. So, I assume given the recent FDA ODAC on PI3 kinases and the decision to withdraw the parsaclisib NDA, that option might be kind of gone now, but just wondering what it means for the top line study. And does the secondary OS endpoint in the myelofibrosis combination studies become really important after that ODAC or does it maybe not impact myelofibrosis as much? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Matt, hi, its Steven. Thank you for your questions. So just for everybody else, POD1UM-304 is our IV checkpoint retifanlimab in non-small cell lung cancer. Its a replication, if you will love the initial pembro approval in that indication at its combination with chemotherapy versus checkpoint inhibitor alone. And as you point out, its a global study with sites all over the world, including in the United States. So, we think that is the central difference from the Lilly issue they had with their checkpoint inhibitor where it was China-only data. So, we have representation across Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia and a small amount of U.S. sites. So, we think from a diversity of subject point of view, were well covered with that. The modeling of the study is exactly from a statistical point of view, in keeping with what were seeing in the initial pembro approval in that indication, that was discussed with regulators and feedback was given and aligned with them. So, we feel we are in a completely different position to what was the central complaint against the Lilly submission with their checkpoint inhibitor in non-small cell lung cancer, given the diversity of our population across the world, the size of the study, replication of the statistics to achieve the same end points, which again, wasnt exactly the case with the ODAC reference. For tafasitamab in combination with parsaclisib, we remain interested despite some of the negative halo on PI3 delta inhibitors for a number of reasons. Firstly, because  we know this is a tremendously active doublet from work that Morphosys have done before with tafasitamab with idelalisib in that having upwards of 100% response rates. So we are absolutely see, continuing to look at our data in top line, which is ongoing across different disease segments, including lymphoma, including chronic lymphocytic leukemia. But you are right. I mean, there is a large increase in the safety of delta inhibitors, and its something will have to consider very carefully before going forward with any bigger study there. We hope in the second half of this year to have decent data sets for the different subgroups of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, low-grade lymphomas, chronic lymphocytic leukemia with that doublet and then well have to make decisions in keeping with the context you allude too. Im glad you also brought up the myelofibrosis program because, again, its RUX in combination with parsaclisib in two different settings. So theres a first line study, which is enrolling very well. Its a goal enrollment of around 440 patients, and its a very clean study in that its RUX plus parsaclisib versus RUX alone in that indication with the SVR 35% decrease primary endpoint. So the differences again, given the milieu you talk about the PI3 delta inhibitors is that this is a randomized study at a different dose of a delta inhibitor. Theres no induction therapy, its a standard constant dose. Its a defined treatment period. The studies were agreed to and signed off with regulatory authorities and does has  as you point out, also the ability to capture overall survival. So we think were well covered in that indication. The suboptimal study there is in about 220 patients also enrolling very well. Should complete next year different endpoints, again a randomized study and in capture, a primary endpoint as well as secondary endpoints that will include safety. So again, a different dose, and we think were well covered there as well. But were not immune to the fact that the road for delta inhibitors will be extremely safety focused as they should be. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Leonid [ph] on for Brian. So thanks for providing all the gross to net color. I was just wondering if I could ask a little bit more on that. I guess, in previous calls, you mentioned that you have levers to adjust gross to net on your end. So Im curious if the improvements in gross to net are largely from, better insurance coverage or if also youre adjusting any of the patient assistance programs? And I guess for how long and to what degree do you expect these patient co-pays assistance is to last? And then if I can just squeeze in one more. Have you had any sense that there might be patient and dark perceptions that because insurance isnt covering upseller, thats actually limiting willingness to write scripts. And so I guess when you see better coverage? Are you expecting that there might be a script inflection as well for upseller? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So Leonid its Barry. So on the gross to net, so as we said, as we continue to get better coverage as the NDC blocks are removed or gross to net as Christiana said, is going to improve in the second quarter, in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter. So we have 146 million lives that are covered now, so they have access to the drug and are as far as our full buy-down program goes, we knew from the very beginning when we launched this drug that we wanted to have a generous program patient assistance program, where if a dermatologist wrote the prescription, the patient would be able to get it regardless of NDC blocks. As those NDC blocks are removed and utilization criteria are written, then we take down those full buy-down programs and that actually does improve our gross to net over time because its just unnecessary. Now insurance companies are going to pay for it. As far as coverage goes, I mean, just as I said, the prescribing is not impacted. We did not want it to be impacted because we had a generous patient assistance program in place and there really hasnt been any barriers. As prior approvals, of course come into place, dermatologists and their offices are very familiar with going through the prior approval process every prescription for psoriasis, every prescription for atopic dermatitis for branded drugs all have to go through prior approvals. So there really isnt the barriers and we tried to remove those barriers as much as we could. So people could get great experience with Opzelura and we know that theyre really having great experience with Opzelura. Physicians, dermatologists are telling us theyre having great experience with Opzelura. So we think the uptake that were experiencing now is going to continue throughout the end of the year and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Gavin Hau [ph]. Thank you for taking our question. Theres been a lot of focus on Opzelura so stay away from that. But just on the pipeline, I guess, the adenosine program and CD73, this has been an increasingly competitive area of development. Perhaps you can just bring some expectations for us on the initial data were expected to see later this year. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Hey, Gavin Hau, its Steven. Thanks for bringing it up. Yes, we have all three components of the program thats needed or in our pipeline. So we have a small molecule potent and selective A2A, A2B inhibitor. We have a large molecule CD73 inhibitor. And then we have the combination availability with checkpoint inhibitors, either IV and retifanlimab or with the oral PD-L1 program. So thats somewhat of the uniqueness. Then in terms of the A2A, A2B and CD73, we are slightly behind the competition, but we have the ability to learn from them and see where they go. And youre right. There is a lot of interest in inhibiting adenosine in the tumor microenvironment either through a doublet or triplet, as I point out. The dose escalation and expansion phases for the A2A, A2B have gone very well and on track with data this year and CD73 is slightly behind, but also on track, and now were doing the doublet. So were progressing well with the program and expect to provide you some updates in the second half of 2022. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Great. Thanks so much for taking question. I just wanted to ask, I know you talked a lot about Opzelura. But I just wanted to get a little bit of clarification on the gross-to-net steady state at 40% to 50%. And is that also anticipated in a post-vitiligo commercialization, that would be sort of the long-term steady state? And then also, is there any update on the NDA filing for RUX QD?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. Ill take the first part of your question, Mara. So yes, so the gross to net that we say 40%, 50% includes the vitiligo launch. And going forward with AD and vitiligo, our gross to net will try to keep in that range as we possibly can, but were confident going through the year, as we said by the end of the year, second half of the year, 40% to 50% is our goal. Ill turn the other one about RUX QD over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Yes. Mara, its Steven. So our RUX once a day filed its going in now this half of 2022. The critical path was stability, which is complete. We expect a standard 10-month review period  so it should be first quarter of 2023 that well be expecting that approval. The reason we expect it to be successful is that from a bioavailability, bioequivalence point of view, we met the criteria thats in the FDA guidance for area under the curve. So were within that range thats required for the multiple dose strengths. And now that stability has been complete, we have confidence in that submission and should have it action around the first quarter of 2023. Thanks.
Mara Goldstein: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Hi, thanks for taking my questions introspective. That goes very good combination of Barry and maybe Steven. Just for the label, what do you guys view as kind of the important elements to get in there from a commercial perspective, particularly to drive, as Christian mentioned, that the increased patient flow into the clinic seeking treatment? And kind of what are the elements of the TRuE-V studies that probably arent going to be in the label, but are going to be important to kind of stress to the community to drive that out?
Barry Flannelly: I mean, Ill turn it over to Steven. Ill try to give you an answer to your question. I actually think the most important thing is just that this is the first and only drug approved for repigmentation of vitiligo. And its  there really should be no barriers really other than that if Steven has other viewpoints about what should be included or not included in the label, Im not sure.
Steven Stein: Yes. Hi, Marc, its Steven. I think if you go back to the eligibility criteria from the two large Phase 3 studies, the age would be key, 12 and above the body surface area involvement, up to 10%. And in the dosage and administration section we feel that its likely to reflect the fact that its different from AD and a continuous dosing is needed to achieve the benefits I spoke about in my prepared remarks, which are quite remarkable when you get over time, 20% absolute percentage improvement in facial-VASI 75 between week-24 and week-52. On the week 52-point, the initial submission was obviously on the primary endpoint on week-24. During the four month safety update, we were able to provide some of the 52-week data. But now with the three month extension on the PDUFA, weve been able to as to supply more of that data. So that would be a good upside  and obviously, it will depend on the FDA and the negotiations that are forthcoming to have the complete 52-week data set in, so reflect the entirety of both the efficacy and the safety data. Thanks.
Marc Frahm: Okay. Thats helpful. And then maybe, Steven just for 707, the updates coming in the second half across some of the other dermatology indications. I guess what do you view as kind of meaningful responses in hidradenitis to move forward with this type of mechanism given kind of all of the labeling concerns around JAKs? And then on the vitiligo side, is the long-term plan there with that to kind of have people on oral therapy chronically? Or is it more of just get them to a place where Opzelura becomes a better option for them and then they transition to Opzelura?
Steven Stein: Yes. Thanks, Marc, for both questions. So hidradenitis suppurativa distressing condition for patients, a lot of unmet need, there is an approved TNF inhibitor, but not widely using in this indication, probably due to somewhat a lack of efficacy with it. Its a condition that involves abscesses, nodules, and scarring in areas of the body like the armpits, axillae and groin, and it can be very distressed and psychologically to patients as well. The established endpoint for the one approved drug is something called the [indiscernible] endpoint. It attempts to capture the improvement in absence and nodule formation and seems to be the regulatory  end point thats needed. But youre right; its a tricky to measure. Theres both object and subject of components to it. But the  our Phase 2 data, which well show you, we feel its very encouraging for the effect of a JAK inhibitor in this unmet need area. Just to address the safety part of what you said, we fully expect given that this is an oral JAK inhibitor, in an inflammatory condition, clearly an inflammatory condition that its likely that well be dealing with black box class labeling language. I mean that has been known to us for a while now. And so we feel the therapeutic ratio is important, right? So in settings of high unmet need with a lot of severity with the efficacy that we desire, youll get to the desired therapeutic ratio thats needed to use the drug. So thats the HS component. For vitiligo here, I just want to stress that its different from the cream indication. So this is for people with more extensive body surface area involvement. The principal eligibility criteria here is 8% or above body surface area involvement. So its a little confusing because the cream is 10% or below and this is 8% or above. So theres a little bit of overlap. But it gets to the therapeutic ratio question again that these are people with extensive vitiligo that there will be more acceptance to use an oral JAK inhibitor with a different therapeutic ratio. We know its efficacious. I mean now from the cream data, from multiple reports with oral JAK inhibitors that you get repigmentation here, but youll have to have suitable safety. And again, were very likely to be dealing with the black box labeling down the pike when it gets there and that will factor into our decision making with that particular indication. Thanks.
Marc Frahm: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Cheng on the line for Jay. Thanks for taking the question. I guess on the oral PD-L1 program, I am just curious any learnings like dosing optimization or tumor selection that you can apply to the development of the follow-on molecules you are prioritizing right now? And also between the two following molecules, would you further prioritize one over the other? If so, when will that happen? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes. Cheng, its Steven. So in terms of dose, I dont know exactly what youre alluding to, but just to make broad comments and across all areas at the FDA, particularly in oncology now, theres project Optimis. Theres a refocus on getting the dose correct. Its likely that everybody in the space now will have to do a lot more dose work, a lot more exposure, efficacy analysis, a lot more exposure toxicity analysis and may even be down the pike an area where well be taking more than one dose into pivotal studies. And you cannot argue that getting the dose right is critically important, that this effort from the regulators will be a big deal, and weve already adapted like many other companies to have the right resources now to do these analysis and get it right. For oral PD-1 specifically, we do have a pharmacodynamic marker. We can measure PD-1 inhibition in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. So we know that we get in the right degree of inhibition. And just to be clear, we want 90% of above inhibitory concentrations of that PD marker constantly when we dose our drug. So were working on that now with both 280 and 318. Your question around, what histologies are important, it somewhat remains to be seen. I mean, given that we now know these are all active compounds. Weve seen activity in areas that are known to be I/O responsive. So the hotter tumors, if you will, microsatellite-high tumors are also a particular interest here. So thats currently the main focus. As I said in my prepared remarks, given that its oral, that it may differentiate on safety, whether its quick off rate, you can do oral-oral combinations. People can go home and not need to come into a clinic setting for infusions. It could lend itself more also to adjuvant and maintenance settings. But were not there yet in declaring what particular histologys and what area, were going to particularly go after. We hope though, to be making those decisions towards the end of this calendar year, perhaps early next year on where well be going from a registration point of view. Your last question as regards, will we take both forward only one in terms of 280 and 318. I still think its a little premature to answer. We have both in the clinic at the moment, both are enrolling well, both have shown tumor reduction in terms of shrinkage and no neuropathy with either agent yet, and well do more of what I was talking about in terms of dose optimization and modeling before declaring which particular one will take forward in oncology. But my own view at this juncture, there may be interest in non-oncology settings, for example, enhancing hepatitis B virus directed therapies, et cetera. So there may well be utility down the pike and having a second compound for non-oncology settings. So its just a little early to declare which where we will go. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Leon Wang from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Leon Wang: Hey, thanks. This is Leon Wang calling for Tazeen Ahmad. I guess one more question on Opzelura gross to net. You previously mentioned that one of the benefits of talking to payers relating to vitiligo that when your current negotiations and when vitiligo is approved, you dont have to necessarily go back to payers to negotiate brand-new contracts. Now thats the case and would you say some payers are waiting for the label of vitiligo to be approved before kind of finalizing the payer coverage negotiations. So Im trying to understand the cadence of when you might see that next basically percent lives covered an improvement from that dynamic? And my second question is previously, you mentioned the gross to net range could normalize in where between the 30% to 50%. Today, you said expect that to be around 40% to 50% by the end of 2022. But just as a clarification, going forward beyond 2022 NDC, I guess, potentially gross net discounting to be somewhere lower, perhaps in the 30% to 40% range? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: So Leon, its Barry. So as far as negotiation goes for vitiligo no, we dont have to go back. So theres a couple of different things. One is that youre talking about contracts with PBMs for the large part, so thats one part. So those contracts are at least one is fully completed. And remember, those are divided in two parts. So the three big PBMs really cover about 80% of the commercial lives in the country. But think about that as variable and nonvariable. About 50% of patients are, lets call them variable where, in fact the plans, the insurance plans themselves, like you and I have, they in fact, can make their own decisions and in fact write their own utilization criteria about how the drug is being used. So we dont have to go back and  and then the other half, sorry, are the ones that you might say are a preferred formulary where they have true NDC blocks. So we have one of the big PBMs that are fully NDC block removed and the rest of the variable plans have written their utilization criteria. And then we  and then in fact, when we launched vitiligo, we dont have to go back and negotiate with the PBMs for new contracts. But utilization criteria once the vitiligo is launched will be written by the plans, and it will take weeks to months for those utilization criteria to be written for each of the various insurance plans, of which there are many throughout the country. Before launch, no theyre not going to have utilization criteria before approval; theyre not going to have utilization criteria written for vitiligo. In fact, even though they know about the Phase 3 data for Opzelura in vitiligo. Theyre not going to write a plan until its approved because they just dont want to take time to do that. But were educating, of course, payers that this is, in fact, coming and they know its coming, and we know that theyre going to right utilization criteria for it because most of them have utilization criteria already for other products, not all of them, but some of them do for things like light therapy and so forth. So we know that the utilization criteria will be written for vitiligo. As far as the gross to net is concerned, at least for over this year, last couple of quarters, weve always said 40% to 50% gross to net is our goal, and thats what were shooting for, particularly as we continue to negotiate with the various payers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, this is Chris on for Andrew Berens. I was just wondering if we could get a little bit more color on the prescriber details for Opzelura. How many dermatologists and how many general practitioners are in the mix for Opzelura? And are those docs primarily those that youve detailed to from the sales force? Or are you seeing more of a halo effect? And then just as a quick follow-up question. Wondering if the new product manufacturing method for Opzelura is going to change anything fundamental about the drug, the PK or the PH or anything like that? And if so, is that going to concern any of the regulatory agencies in terms of the safety and efficacy?
Barry Flannelly: So Chris, Ill take the first part and then hand the second part over to Steven. But as far as  theres about 8,000 dermatologists in the United States or so, and general practitioners, no, we dont really see any  I mean they could obviously write for Opzelura, but we really dont see any all of our detailing, all of our educational work goes towards dermatologists and their offices. But remember, especially in dermatology, nurse practitioners and physicians assistance are very important their prescribers. Theres tens of thousands of them. So when we call on dermatologist offices, we of course, call on the nurse practitioners and the physicians assistants are very important. In fact, the medical assistance as well that are very important, particularly when it comes to reimbursement. So its all direct education and were working very well and have reached all of our top prescribers and well continue to educate all of the dermatologists, nurse practitioners, PAs and the offices as we move forward for the product manufacturing changes. Ill turn over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Yes, Chris, thanks for your question. I mean the top line clear answer is theres nothing fundamental change on the drug currently as regards PK or PH. The CBE-30 change by the regulations is a mild to moderate change that specifically doesnt do that. And the prior approval supplement change was bringing a new manufacturer on board using the same process. In fact, you specifically do not want to do what you alluded to because that would require you to redo all your clinical studies. So you have to be very careful to not make changes that affect those in any substantial way, either PK or PH. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the floor back over to Christine for any further closing remarks.
Christine Chiou: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. The IR team will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Call. At this time all participants are any listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incytes fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the investor section of our website. Joining me on the call today are very Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks; and Dash who will join us for the Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during our call today are forward-looking statements, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our reports filed with the SEC. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine. And good morning, everyone. Slide 4, so we had another year of strong commercial performance with product and royalty revenues growing 17% to reach $2.9 million, representing a CAGR of 24% of over the past five years. We have been able to maintain this level of growth through continued commercial execution for JAKAFI, the launches of new product and new indication across the U.S., Europe and Japan, and rapidly growing royalty revenue stream. JAKAFI grew 10% for the full year and was up 15% in the fourth quarter, driven by the launch in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD and robust new patient growth in MF and PV. For the full year, our other hematology and oncology portfolio grew 40% year-over-year with contribution from new product launches, including $69 million from Pemazyre and $5 million from Minjuvi. And our royal revenues grew 45% to $569 million for the full year. What's important to note is that this growth does not yet include meaningful contribution from recently approved products, such as Minjuvi in Europe and Opzelura in the U.S. On Slide 5, as we look ahead to 2022, we have multiple opportunities for growth across our portfolio with our recently launched product, Opzelura, in atopic dermatitis; Pemazyre in cholangiocarcinoma; Monjuvi and Minjuvi in relapse or refractory DLBCL; and Jakafi in chronic GVHD. Later this year, we expect regulatory decisions in the U.S. and in Europe for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo disease that affects millions of patients and for whom there is no approved treatment for re-pigmentation. For our partner product with Novartis, ruxolitinib is under review in Europe and Japan for GVHD and capmatinib is under review in Europe for non-small cell lung cancer. Regulatory applications were also submitted by GV for baricitinib in the U.S., Europe and Japan for alopecia areata. 2022 is a year full of important milestone where we will develop and expand our pipeline, deliver on new data in key clinical program and continue driving uptake of our newly launched product and new indication. Before handing the call to Barry I want to say a few words on the launch of Opzelura, and our expanding footprint in dermatology. A few years ago, we expanded our development capabilities into dermatology with the intention to bring ruxolitinib cream to market. We were able to implement a robust and successful development program for ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis and vitiligo, and Opzelura became the first topical JAK inhibitor approved in atopic dermatitis in the U.S. and has the potential to be the first FDA approved product for repigmentation in vitiligo. As you can see on the right, we have since expanded our dermatologic clinical development pipeline to include multiple products and indications. We also established a dedicated commercial organization in the U.S. to support the launch of Opzelura and these efforts have been translating into a very successful launch this far. We expect our dermatology franchise to become an important growth driver for Incyte, starting with Opzelura, which we believe can reach 1.5 billion in peak sales in atopic dermatitis in the U.S. alone. And to share more details on Opzelura and Jakafis performance and outlook, Id now turn the call over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv. Good morning, everyone. We are very pleased with performance of Opzelura thus far, and we are making significant progress with the launch on multiple fronts. Starting with the uptake of Opzelura, on the left-hand side is 867 data, which is number of units of Opzelura, 60-gram tubes that our wholesalers are shipping to pharmacies. These data tied closely to prescriptions dispensed given the low level of inventory, retail pharmacies typically hold for specialty dermatology products. In the fourth quarter since launching on October 11, nearly 21,000 units have been shipped to pharmacies and in the month of January, nearly 11,000 units have been shipped. As you can see, the demand for Opzelura in recent weeks continues to climb and the trends are very encouraging. On the right-hand side is IQVIA data showing new-to-brand share for Opzelura in our market basket, which includes Dupixent, Eucrisa, Protopic and Elidel and their generics. In the 16th week since launch, as shown on the chart, Opzelura is capturing over 10% of all new-to-brand prescriptions after steroid failures. Not shown on this slide are the refills which comprise 15% of the total RXs as of the week ending January 28. The number of refills demonstrates the satisfaction that patients and physicians are experiencing and is a very positive indicator of the long-term potential of Opzelura. On Slide 9, what further excites us about the launch is the very positive feedback we are receiving from physicians who are prescribing Opzelura, which is supported by the most recent survey conducted in the field. Prescribers were asked how many atopic dermatitis patients they prescribed Opzelura, to, for the first time in the past month. They were also asked how many new patients they expect to treat with Opzelura in the next month. Results showed that there is an increased willingness to prescribe Opzelura and physicians are highlighting the efficacy, specifically the rapid itch relief and skin clearance as well as the safety in a topical formulation as the top reasons for prescribing. There are millions of AD patients living with uncontrolled disease in the U.S., and there is enthusiasm from both physicians and patients to try a new, nonsteroidal topical treatment with a novel mechanism of action, with the expectation that patients will be able to find relief of their AD symptoms. On the payer front, I'm happy to report that contract negotiations have been progressing well. We now have base rebate agreements signed with two of the three largest GPOs. These agreements establish utilization management criteria and discount rates for approximately 55% of commercial lives covered under these two PBMs. For this non-NDC block business, PBMs and associated plans are now establishing policies to provide access to Opzelura. For the other 45% of covered lives under these two PBMs, we are in active contract negotiations to remove the new-to-market or NDC blocks. For the third PBM negotiations continue to advance. These are important steps towards gaining full coverage for Opzelura for the millions of patients whose prescription services are managed by these PBMs. Turning to Slide 11, in the fourth quarter, our patient support program covered the vast majority of prescriptions, where we covered the full cost of Opzelura from many patients. As the coverage for Opzelura improves, the utilization of this specific program will decrease and will lead to an improvement in gross to net. Our co-pay mitigation program will continue and allow patients to lower their out-of-pocket cost to as little as $10. In summary, the strong launch of Opzelura has been driven by several factors. The product has a unique profile unmatched by any other topical therapy for atopic dermatitis and we are launching into a market where there are millions of patients living with uncontrolled disease. Patients and physicians are reporting positive experience and are requesting refills, and this cycle is fueling much of the momentum behind the launch of Opzelura, which is on track to be a significant growth driver for Incyte. Now turning to Jakafi. In the fourth quarter, Jakafi grew 15% year-over-year to $592 million. Patient demand continues to drive the uptake of Jakafi with robust new patient growth across all indications. In GVHD, patient growth was up 28% for the full year and up 39% in the fourth quarter, benefiting from the launch in the chronic setting and in transition of GVHD patients from our Expanded Access Program to commercial product. We expect growth of new patients to continue into 2022 and for the full year net product revenues to be between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion. This guidance range takes into account the newly launched indication in chronic GVHD and continued recovery of new patient starts. And lastly, on Monjuvi, Minjuvi and Pemazyre. Monjuvi sales in Q4 were $24 million. We continue to make progress with penetration into key accounts and increasing uptake of Monjuvi in the second-line setting. Full year guidance for 2022 of $110 million to $135 million were net product sales as recorded by MorphoSys takes into consideration a continuation of the momentum in Q4, new account penetration and impact from COVID. Minjuvi, which was approved in Europe in August of last year and was launched in Germany. Net sales in the fourth quarter were $4 million. While it is still very early, we are encouraged by the initial uptake and expect Minjuvi to become a meaningful growth contributor as we continue to gain reimbursement in other European countries. Pemazyre grew to $69 million in net sales in 2021, with $10 million coming from outside the U.S. In the U.S., new patient starts continue to grow with duration of therapy likely to drive performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry. And good morning, everyone. In 2021, we made significant progress across our development pipeline with multiple clinical and regulatory achievements. We announced four product approvals that include Jakafi in the United States for chronic graft-versus-host disease, Monjuvi in Europe for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, Pemazyre in Europe and Japan for cholangiocarcinoma, and most recently, Opzelura in the United States for atopic dermatitis. Further on the regulatory side, ruxolitinib cream is under review at both the FDA and EMA for vitiligo. Throughout the year, we delivered key clinical highlights as listed on the right, which include positive Phase 3 data for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo and the initiation of a Phase 3 study evaluating parsaclisib in autoimmune hemolytic anemia following positive Phase 2 results. We also signed a collaborative agreement with Syndax for axatilimab in chronic graft-versus-host disease, which granted us the right to develop axatilimab as a monotherapy following treatment with Jakafi or in combination with the JAK inhibitor earlier in the treatment paradigm. And we shared data from our oral PD-L1 program, where we've demonstrated for the first time ever clinical activity with an oral PD-L1 inhibitor. Moving to Slide 16, as I mentioned, the sNDA for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo was accepted for priority review by the U.S. FDA, with a PDUFA action date of April 18. Vitiligo represents another significant opportunity for our growing dermatology franchise. In the United States, there are currently 1.5 million people living with vitiligo and only 150,000 to 200,000 patients currently seek treatment due to a lack of effective treatment options. The quality of life for some patients with vitiligo can be poor, with one in four patients reporting depression and one in seven reporting anxiety due to their disease. Many vitiligo patients experience psychological, social and the physical impacts of vitiligo and represent the true unmet need where they may benefit from a new approved agent, like ruxolitinib cream. Now to look more broadly at our dermatology franchise on Slide 17. Within our expanding dermatology portfolio, we are pursuing multiple, additional indications with ruxolitinib cream, including pediatric atopic dermatitis and chronic hand eczema. INCB54707, our JAK1 specific inhibitor, has been evaluated in vitiligo in patients with larger body surface area of involvement greater than or equal to 8%, and is also in Phase 2 studies for higher adenitis to protiva and in prurigo nodularis. We expect results from the vitiligo and HS trial in the second half of this year. There is significant potential with each of these indications where there are limited treatment options, in some cases, no FDA-approved treatments. Slide 18 shows the opportunity for growth across our portfolio in MPNs in graft-versus-host disease. We expect an NDA submission in the first half of this year for once-daily ruxolitinib. Within myelofibrosis, we have multiple strategies focusing on improving upon the standard of care by either addressing efficacy or safety. In patients who have an inadequate response to a single agent JAK inhibitor combination therapy has the potential to improve efficacy, which we are pursuing through the addition of parsaclisib or a BET inhibitor. Our Phase 3 program evaluating ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib in inadequate responders and in the first-line setting for myelofibrosis is ongoing, and we expect results in 2023 for the suboptimal study. For patients who are on subtherapeutic doses due to anemia, these patients may benefit from the addition of an ALK2 inhibitor. We know that Jakafi has been a life-changing therapy for many patients with MF and PV. And we believe we can use our expertise in this area to provide additional options to patients. We continue to work towards addressing the unmet need in patients with graft-versus-host disease with Jakafi and other therapies including itacitinib, a JAK1 selective inhibitor, being evaluated in treatment-naive patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease. And as previously mentioned, axatilamab as monotherapy and potentially in combination with the JAK inhibitor. Turning to Slide 19, a number of updates are expected this year for some of our earlier stage pipeline. We expect updated data from our oral PD-L1 program later this year, which could allow us to make decisions on indication and a lead program selection. Additionally, we expect data from the adenosine program for both our small molecule A2A, A2B antagonist and our CD73 monoclonal antibody later this year. As you can see on Slide 20, we're expecting multiple regulatory and clinical catalysts this year and we look forward to another very exciting year ahead. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth with total product and royalty revenues of $813 million, representing an increase of 20% over the fourth quarter of 2020 and reflecting growth across products commercialized by Incyte and by our partners. Total product and royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $592 million for JAKAFI, $51 million for other hematology/oncology products and $5 million for Opzelura, royalties from Novartis of $96 million for JAKAVI and $3 million for TABRECTA and royalties from Lilly of $66 million for OLUMIANT. This 15% year-over-year growth for JAKAFI net product sales reflects higher patient demand across all indications. The doubling of OLUMIANT royalties is driven primarily by the use of OLUMIANT for the treatment of COVID-19. As a reminder, for global net sales of OLUMIANT for the treatment of COVID-19, we are entitled to receive royalty sequel to the base double-digit royalties applicable to all global net product sales, plus an additional 13% royalty. For the full year 2021, total product and royalty revenues were $2.9 billion and a 17% increase over 2020. Focusing now on Opzelura for the fourth quarter, the launch and volume of prescriptions has been strong. While we are negotiating with PBMs and payers to get Opzelura formularies and remove the NDC blocks, we have been utilizing patient and support programs to cover the full cost of Opzelura so that patients have access to the product. In the fourth quarter, Opzelura gross product sales of $58 million were reduced by 75% related to these patient support programs. In addition, other fees and discounts of 17% contributed to a total gross to net discount of 92% for the quarter. As a result of these reductions, net product sales for the quarter were $5 million. Moving on to the  our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D expenses of $345 million for the fourth quarter decreased 9% from the prior year period, primarily due to the ruxolitinib cream API-related costs incurred in the prior year quarter before Opzelura's regulatory approval. Ongoing R&D expense for the full year 2021 of $1.3 billion increased by 6% over 2020, primarily due to the progression of our pipeline. Total R&D expense of $473 million for the quarter and $1.46 billion for the full year 2021 includes upfront consideration of $127 million for our collaborative agreement with Syndax. SG&A expense for the fourth quarter of $226 million increased 35% from the prior year period, primarily due to our investments related to the establishment of our new dermatology commercial organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the launch of Opzelura. For the full year 2021, the 43% growth in SG&A expense was also primarily related to the commercialization of Opzelura. Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $8 million, representing our 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for MONJUVI. For the full year 2021, the total collaboration loss was $37 million. Finally, we ended the year with $2.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. Looking at the evolution of our P&L, you can see how over the past three years, the growth in our product and royalty revenues has exceeded the growth in our ongoing R&D and SG&A expenses, leading to increased operating leverage and reflecting our commitment to prudent management of our financial resources. As previously discussed, the uptick in expenses in 2021 reflects the build-out of our dermatology franchise and the Opzelura launch. Moving on to 2022. I will now discuss the components of our guidance on a GAAP basis. For JAKAFI, we expect net product revenues to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion, which at the midpoint represents an increase of approximately 10% over 2021 and driven by continued growth across all indications. We expect our gross to net adjustment for 2022 to be approximately 21%, reflecting expected continued growth in 340B volumes. As a reminder, the gross to net adjustments in the first quarter of the year is always higher relative to the previous quarter and subsequent quarters due to our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. For other hematology/oncology products, which includes Pemazyre in the U.S., EU and Japan and ICLUSIG and MINJUVI in Europe, we are expecting total net product revenues to be in the range of $210 million to $240 million, which at midpoint represents approximately 23% growth over 2021. Due to the early stage of its launch, we will not be providing guidance on Opzelura, but I will provide some additional color around Opzelura gross to net for 2022 in a moment. As in previous years, we are also not providing guidance for milestones or royalty revenues. Turning to operating expenses on a GAAP basis, we expect COGS to range from 6% to 7% of product revenues. R&D expense is expected to be in the range of $1.55 billion to $1.59 billion, representing 18% growth at the midpoint versus 2021, excluding the impact of the Syndax upfront consideration in 2021. The growth rate primarily reflects expansion in our dermatology clinical development as well as investments in our LIMBER GVHD program, tafasitamab and our PD-L1 program. We expect SG&A expense for the year to be in the range of $950 million to $1 billion, primarily reflecting continued support for the Opzelura launch. Excluding the impact of Opzelura-related cost, we expect SG&A expense to grow at a rate of less than 5%. With respect to our profit share for MONJUVI in the U.S., in 2022, we expect to be around break-even. As I previously mentioned, while we are not providing guidance for Opzelura due to the early stage of the launch, I would like to discuss what you could expect related to our gross to net adjustment in 2022. As we finalize coverage with payers, we expect gross to net for Opzelura to be relatively flat in Q1 compared to Q4 2021, begin to decline in Q2 and normalize at a fully loaded gross to net rate of 40% to 50% between Q3 and Q4, depending on the timing of the removal of NDC blocks by PBMs and the discontinuation of certain patient support programs. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Great. Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. So I had two on Opzelura. The first on reimbursement progress. I wanted to see if the 40% to 50% gross-to-net that you just guided to for late 2022 is expected to be the long-term gross-to-net you expect for the product. And secondly, while it's understandably early, I wanted to see what you might have learned on duration of use so far in terms of which areas of the body patients find most suitable for the product and the speed at which patients who have received refills have been working through tubes?
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Vikram, it's Barry. I can answer your first question. The 40% to 50% is what we say for this second half of the year. When things stabilize and we hope that continues into the future, I can't really predict what the future is going to bring after that. But certainly, we know that the value of the product to patients, to physicians is high, and therefore, I think that we can continue to manage and work with the payers to make sure that we have a reasonable gross-to-net for the product. The second question is just hard to predict. I mean patients are using the product everywhere. They're using it on their hands, their face. Obviously, a non-steroidal product like Opzelura is good to use on sensitive areas, including the face and other sensitive areas. So I don't know. The refills are coming in. They're increasing each and every month. Obviously, as more and more patients come on, most of them have gotten one tube so far, and then perhaps 15% of them have gotten a refill and those refills will continue. We'll obviously have more data for you in the future, particularly about refills, and that's a very important component of our continued growth. But as far as the areas of body they're using the drug on, I'm sure it's going to be all areas where they have continued problems with eczema, with atopic dermatitis.
Vikram Purohit: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. Congrats on all the progress. Another question on Opzelura, can you clarify how the patient journey and potential barriers to uptake and reimbursement might evolve as gross-to-net equilibrates by the back half of this year and you shift from the current patient support programs to the co-pay assistance? I guess, I'm sort of wondering if we should expect any additional hurdles to adoption once we're through this initial launch period? And then secondarily, maybe just asking the prior question a little bit differently, I guess I'm curious how the 15% refill rate aligns initially with your expectations for the number of tubes patients would use per year granted, obviously, early days? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: As far as patient journey goes, I mean, obviously, there's millions of patients that have eczema, atopic dermatitis. Today throughout the United States, they've been cycling through low potency steroids, high potency steroids and then TCIs. And so there, we don't really anticipate any future barriers whatsoever. We anticipate increased demand for the product, both from physicians and from patients because the more experience that they continue to have with the drug, the more happy they are with the drug. So while we  I mean, this is common, in fact, for new products launching in areas like atopic dermatitis or psoriasis, to have a period of time where you're covering into coverage. Sort of one of the things we like to say is that we're going to make sure that if a prescription is written by a dermatologist, by a dermatology office, it's going to be  the patient is going to be able to get it. And they're going to be able to get it now in the early periods of time with our help. But as coverage comes online, which is coming online every single day we expect that the gross-to-net will improve and that the barriers, if there is any barriers, will be removed. As far as the refill volume, it's very early, and we actually think that this will continue. Patients are coming back all the time and I think you'll see the refill percentage continue to increase with the new prescription volume. And obviously, as we move into vitiligo, things will even get better. We'll have even new Rxs going up and then those patients will be coming back for refills as well.
Brian Abrahams: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. A couple from me on Opzelura as well. Can you give us any kind of color on where the use is coming from in the early days? Are these patients nave to any treatment before? Or are you seeing switches? And if you are seeing switches, where is that coming from? And then second question, as we think about when your gross-to-net will normalize towards the end of the year, how much do you think, at max, a patient will have to pay out of pocket beyond treatment? What kind of view do you have on elasticity of demand as it relates to what this co-pay should be? And can you give us an idea of what that range is? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So Barry, again. So the switches  the vast majority of patients are coming off of steroids. They have been prior treated with steroids, but it's everything. In fact, patients who have been treated with Dupixent with Eucrisa with TCIs, they're all coming off therapy or have been prior treated with those drugs and maybe they're not getting relief and now they're getting relief or switching to Opzelura. So it's really mostly steroids, and that's what we expected because we think this is the perfect product for patients with atopic dermatitis from the beginning, from steroids all the way up to injectable biologics, and there's millions of patients right there that we can help with this drug. The second part of your question was, out of pocket. So I think what I said is that no patients will have to pay more than $10 out of pocket. What we expect, of course, is that more and more of the plans, their insurance will pick up the cost of the drug. Some of them obviously have high deductibles, some of them have low deductibles, some of them just have a $10 co-pay when theyre covered by commercial insurance. But patients will have to pay no more than $10, and thats what we guarantee. And to be quite honest, thats what many other drug companies do. They keep the out-of-pocket cost to patients low. Now, patients on different tiers tend to have a different co-pay and it could average at Tier 1 that they have a $10 co-pay or no co-pay, and then the average is somewhere between $60 to $70 if its Tier 2 or Tier 3. Its the rare patient that really has a big gigantic co-pay that we have to pick up.
Tazeen Ahmad: Okay. Im asking just because as I think about your future gross to net to the question that was asked earlier, could this be a potential driver of your desire to make sure that the out of pocket is no more than $10? Did that play a role potentially in making your gross to net in the future a bit more variable than what you expect it to be?
Christiana Stamoulis: So Tazeen, the co-pay assistance is reflected in the 40% to 50% range at steady state that we have indicated.
Tazeen Ahmad: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hey, thanks for the update and for taking the questions. Maybe a big picture question. Since Incyte has made a lot of progress diversifying the product portfolio beyond Jakafi. I was wondering how much of a priority do you place on geographic revenue diversification, especially since youre expecting a lot of revenue growth from your dermatology business, which seems like mostly a U.S.-focused opportunity? Are there growth opportunities that you expect to expand your revenues beyond the U.S.?
Herv Hoppenot: Yes. Herv here. If you remember a few years ago, we made that decision to go and build our own organization in Japan and Europe. And you can see the result of that is starting to emerge. So we have had Iclusig for a number of years, now we have Minjuvi and Pemazyre launching in Europe, so that will contribute to that diversification, and we launched Pemazyre in Japan, which is a small number to this day, but we have a development organization also in Japan. As you know, we have partnerships in China that are very important and doing very well. And around, for the rest of the world, we are, in fact, as we speak, signing distribution agreements that will give us another layer of diversification. So the map today for Incyte is a map that includes for every project, Japan, Europe and U.S. And we think its very important from the development standpoint, because we know these studies are always applicable, most of the time applicable across the world. And we intend to keep that for the next few years. As the footprint for Incyte with a big question of China, where we have a number of products that are already partnered and we are looking at what we could do with some of the new pipeline products that we are developing for the future. So thats the picture we have. And I think its an important aspect of the risk of our portfolio is that its not all based on the U.S. sales. Even if today, its still a big majority of our business.
Jay Olson: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Thanks for taking my questions. Just on the question a little bit more. Does that guidance some kind of the trajectory through the year contemplate the vitiligo indication? Or is that already kind of being baked into some of these contracts, the ability to launch that more rapidly in terms of your reimbursement and things? Or should we expect a lot of free drug to come in and maybe have to adjust that guidance once that labels issue?
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Marc, its Barry. No, the guidance is included on vitiligo launch. Now when vitiligo is approved, of course, so we dont have to go back and do new contracts with the GPO/PBMs again for Opzelura. But each of the plans, because now you have hundreds of downstream plants, obviously, write their own utilization criteria and add the drug dose formulary and that takes a little bit of time. But other than that, the drug is available. It will be available to vitiligo patients that can prescribe it and it just has to take a little bit of time for the various plans to add it to their formulary or update their utilization criteria.
Marc Frahm: Okay. Great. Thats helpful. And then maybe just as a follow-up in terms of some of the marketing activities, you initially launched with samples, which  I dont know if theres an update that you can provide on kind of the texture issue and the ability to relaunch those samples, and kind of the importance you see of getting those out there, Barry and related to the marketing. On the guidance on the SG&A side, Christiana, in previous prior conversations, you and Barry have talked about possible need for DTC ads here, is that already contemplated in the guidance or no?
Christiana Stamoulis: So let me start with the last question, and then Ill turn it to Steven to give you an update on the texture issue. In terms of the SG&A guidance, it does reflect all costs associated with commercializing and marketing and supporting the Opzelura launch, so including DTC. Also one thing that I think is worth noting, as you look at the guidance that we have provided for SG&A and R&D, it covers costs associated with both hemo as well as dermatology. So the SG&A guidance fully reflects costs associated with Opzelura. However, when you look at the revenue guidance that we have provided, there, we have provided guidance on just the hemo part of the business, including MPNs. So you have part of the picture, you dont have the other part in terms of the Opzelura as well as royalties and milestones.
Steven Stein: Marc, its Steven. On your texture issue. So as you heard, were in the midst of a very successful launch, and weve been able to maintain a healthy commercial supply for that. Additionally, as we said, for vitiligo the PDUFA date is April 18. And obviously, we want to have a very healthy commercial supply for that as well. Given that, at the current time, the manufacturing of samples will have to wait a little bit later on. We want to get it done as soon as possible, but were focusing on the commercial supply. We knew early on in terms of the texture that this was due to an extremely small amount of crystal formation that we know is ruxolitinib. Its API that has come out of solution, and weve been focusing on process improvements that will improve solubility and avoid this issue. Some of these changes are feasible within the NDA specifications and it can be implemented immediately, and some require regulatory back and forth and submissions and wait for the FDA approval to implement. But at the present time, weve been able to maintain a very healthy commercial supply and well continue to, with the focus on both AD and the upcoming vitiligo, and then as soon as possible thereafter, manufacture samples as well.
Marc Frahm: Great. Thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. This is Tiffany on for Cory. Just one other one on Opzelura. How confident is Incyte been in reversing the NDC block for the second major payer plan? And in the case that, that block isnt removed, can you speak to the potential future impact on sales that you might anticipate?
Barry Flannelly: Well, were very  Barry again. So were very confident in removing the NDC blocks. Were in active advanced negotiations with them. The first part is signing these base agreements. So to get all of the contract specifications locked up. So we know how to proceed going forward. Knowing what the base rebates are, what the rebates would be for example, if there is one step, two steps, that sort of thing, its a sort of a menu approach. So the team is actively negotiating right now. Were very confident. Theres a great demand for this drug. Theres a great push from the downstream plans. As you know, all these PBMs arent just working for one insurance company, theyre working for many insurance companies. Theyre getting contracts for many insurance companies. And many of those have already established and put Opzelura on formulary and establish utilization criteria. And of course, theyre not getting any rebate now theyre paying at WAC. So theyre pushing to get all of the NDC blocks removed. And even when patients have an NDC block, you can still overcome that NDC block with a prior approval and a medical exception. So other companies live with NDC blocks forever because they might not be able to negotiate with one or two particular PBMs, were very confident that were going to be able to do this because of the value proposition offers both to patients and physicians, but also to the payers themselves because this is an effective therapy that most patients who are treated, 88% of them, are clear  become clear over time, and therefore, they dont need any other therapy. So its really the value proposition that will make them want to have this product on formulary under contract and to be able to get their rebate and fees that they desire.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Kelsey on for Michael. Thanks for taking our question. Another one on Opzelura. I guess, clarifying on a prior question, what did you say was the anticipated contracting process for the label expansion into vitiligo? And then regarding the sales force, I guess, whats being done there to kind of prepare for the launch? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: The contracting  well, what I explained before is we dont need to go back to the PBMs that we already have contracts with and the PBMs that were  and GPOs that were currently contracting with for the full NDC block and vitiligo will be included in that process. But the whole step process is that then the downstream plans across the country just have to add it to their formulary. So thats just a P&T committee decision. Our market access team works with all of those plans across the country to get that on formulary and have utilization criteria in place as soon as possible after launch. In fact, they can work with them now, talk about 2b data for the vitiligo indication, and hopefully, very soon after launch, all of them will have the drug on the formulary. So we dont have to go back to the PBMs, GPOs again for vitiligo. As far as the sales force is getting ready, it is tricky. I have to admit. Were concentrating on accelerating the AD launch. Its going very well. Everybody is very excited about it. But of course, we have a dedicated team working on the vitiligo launch. To be honest, we work with our advocacy groups, our patient groups that are very interested in getting a drug approved for vitiligo. Theres been a great deal of interest, both from payers, dermatologists. What really helped was the patient-focused drug development meeting that the FDA held on vitiligo and emphasize the great need for a treatment like Opzelura for vitiligo because these patients are really suffering. And this is the first true drug that can repigment the skin and hopefully improve the quality of life for them. And its the same sales  and what youre asking is the size of the sales force. Its the same sales force, its the same number of people going to see the same dermatologist. So theres no expansion there. Of course, theres some investments in advertising and promotion, but thats already figured into the SG&A that we laid out for this year.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next call is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Ren Benjamin: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and an outstanding quarter and congratulations on the guidance going forward. A couple of questions for us. If we think about once-daily RUX and the NDA submission, can you just remind us, do you think its just a 12-month review? And then maybe more importantly, does it find its way to the market right away? Or is this something strategically you might wait until the twice-daily patent expiration nears? So just a strategy update there. And then second question, as we think about Monjuvis launch in Europe, so Germany is on board, can you talk about how the rest of the rollout might occur throughout Europe? And I noticed with peak revenues, you kind of dont have any from Monjuvi in Europe, but Id love to get a sense as to why that is or how youre thinking about peak revenues.
Steven Stein: Ren, hi, its Steven. Ill start on your first question related to the regulatory review of once-daily RUX. So just to remind you, we completed bioavailability and bioequivalence work within the FDA specifications for that and then the different strengths have put down in stability. As soon as that completes, we will file the first half of this year. We expect a 10-month review, a standard review. So its likely to be right at the end of this year, early next year that we get a regulatory action related to that, just to clarify that time. As for the launch dynamics there are...
Herv Hoppenot: Yes, I can speak about that. I mean  so as you have seen, I mean, the uptake in Germany specifically has been very good. So there is a sense that the launch is doing well where its taking place. And as usual, in Europe, as you know, we have to go through reimbursement across a number of countries. So what you will see over the next months are new countries where we are launching coming on board. And hopefully, the same type of dynamic taking place there. Now peak for Minjuvi, we never disclosed it. As you know, in Europe, prices or net prices are somewhat lower than what we have in the U.S., but volume tends to be higher because of universal access. And so we think at the end of the day, the potential for Minjuvi is meaningful, and it will be a key contributor for us. As you know, we are not booking revenue in the U.S., but we are in the rest of the world. So that will contribute to our net product revenue growth over the next year.
Ren Benjamin: Got it. And just to clarify, regarding once-daily RUX does that  once you get plus hopefully an approval, does that hit the market right away? Or is that something that you hold back on until later?
Herv Hoppenot: I think as you know, the once-daily RUX, the key aspect of it is the ability to combine with once-daily products that are also used in myelofibrosis, so that's the key strategic aspect. Tactically, will we launch it the day we get approval or will there be a delay? We frankly don't know yet. So I want to give you a precise information on that because we are looking at what it would  what kind of impact it could have to the overall JAKAFI business. And obviously, we don't want that impact to be negative. So we are looking at it. But I think it could be something that would be available certainly in the years following the  from today, but it may be at the time of approval or a little later, depending tactically on what's best for the franchise.
Ren Benjamin: Terrific. Thanks and congratulations again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Good morning. I'll have another one on the LIMBER program, but the ALK2 combination, what are you really looking for with the update later this year? Is it primarily going to focus on change in hemoglobin levels? Or can we expect some conversion of patients with transfusion independent and maybe compare that to what we saw recently with the momelotinib their results?
Steven Stein: Yes. Hi Steven. I'll take your question. So just to remind as part of LIMBER, there are multiple aspects. There's a formulation work we just spoke about with the once-daily formulation. And then the different combinations, the most advanced of which is the parsaclisib in the suboptimal and first-line settings, which is in pivotal studies, and then our Baton ALK2 program. For ALK2, we're tremendously excited by it because it's a specific potent inhibitor of ALK2 as opposed to momelotinib, which you mentioned, which is probably a weaker JAK inhibitor with this off-target ALK2 effect, but does seem to alleviate anemia there and that's why we're so excited for this program. What we're in at the moment is the monotherapy safety and dose escalation and already with that we've seen in kinetics and hepcidin that are favorable. So hepcidin is decreasing, so we know it's working through the mechanism of action we wanted to work. And the iron kinetics are going the way we want. Over time that should translate to a hemoglobin increase and that's what we'll be trying to demonstrate this year. With that, we'll have proof of concept and we'd go very quickly to a RUX combo. We'll be doing RUX ALK safety anyway; and that combination's promise is twofold or maybe even threefold. So one, it will address potentially the underlying anemia for myelofibrosis itself and then we know for ruxolitinib, while an incredibly effective drug, about 20%, 25% of patients tend to have anemia with the drug and sometimes discontinue or can't tolerate high doses because of that. So alleviating the anemia of the underlying disease, alleviating the anemia from RUX will allow you to maintain RUX dose intensity as well and translate also to a better efficacy. So we believe the promise of that combination is large, and we want to get a lot more both safety data this year plus in hepcidin and hemoglobin data as well. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks, this is Matt on for Salveen. Congrats on the quarter. I had two quick questions on Opzelura. First, I just want to confirm that you expect agreements with the third PPM, sorry, third PBM to be finalized this year? And do you have any expectations on the timing of that? And then secondly, could you discuss the chronic hand eczema opportunity? What kind of potential dosing would you expect there? And you're starting a Phase III this year, should we expect data before year-end? Thanks a lot.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So I'll answer the first part of the question, maybe Steven can jump in a little bit on chronic hand. So yes, we expect all of the agreements that I discussed, the third PBM coming on board this year and then the NDC blocks removing for all of the PBMs this year. So that's what our expectation is. Chronic hand eczema, I think it is an opportunity for us. It's a severe disease. It's difficult to handle, and I think it will demonstrate the effectiveness that Opzelura really provides to these patients.
Steven Stein: Yes. Just maybe a little more color on that. Thanks, Barry. Obviously, it's within label to treat any part of the body, as Barry said upfront, although there's a very distinct clinical entity where patients can get severe involvement of their hands only and there's a contact aspect to that in terms of contact dermatitis in the hands. And you've seen it become quite prevalent during the pandemic, during COVID with people and particularly physicians and other health care providers wearing gloves, where you see a lot more hand eczema. So the idea is that the separate opportunity gets addressed as a stand-alone indication that we generate robust clinical data. We expect the study to enroll through this calendar year 2022, and then have data for you in 2023 and that's the premise behind studying that condition.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. Have a question about the guidance for JAKAFI. The midpoint guidance implies year-over-year growth, but it's sort of flattish versus the 4Q run rate. Middle of 2021, you talked about how you were going to implement and you executed on a strong recovery in the second half of 2021. I was wondering if there are any metrics or any implementations that you did in the second half that you can expect to leverage in this year to provide additional growth with JAKAFI. And also in that vein, can you maybe talk about your level of comfort which is a long-term guidance you gave for JAKAFI? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: So let me start and Barry can add here. But when you look at the 2022 guidance range that we provided for JAKAFI 2.3 to 2.4. So if you look at the high end of the range, it implies a 12% year-over-year growth or in dollar terms, incremental revenues of $265 million relative to 2021. So that level of incremental revenue growth is very much in line with the growth we've been seeing pre-pandemic. And that reflects and assumes continued growth across all indications and especially GVHD, where we have the most recent approval for chronic GVHD use. The low end of the range reflects the uncertainty around COVID-19 and how this may play out in the year, but that's how  what is really reflected by the two ends of the range.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. And just to add to it. I mean we are very happy with the new patient starts, actually, that recovered throughout 2021, especially in Q4. Obviously, the chronic GVHD launch is a big factor in that. And even the benefit for patients with chronic GVHD as sort of a halo effect over the rest of the indications. So as Christiana said, the low end of guidance is simply the uncertainty over COVID. Last year, we thought things were getting better in the summer moving into fall, and then we had Omicron hit. And so  we're fully expecting to have a good COVID-free, hopefully, year coming forward so that patients do not stay away and that our field force can have access to the offices, which oncology offices tend to close down. But as far as what's happening with the rest of the indications for JAKAFI, as I said, chronic GVHD growing very well. Myelofibrosis patients in fact, we believe that physicians are starting myelofibrosis patients earlier now just because of the survival benefit that JAKAFI offers to MF patients. PD patients are staying  the duration of therapy continues to increase. So we hope, we expect, that the MF, PD and GVHD growth will continue. The high growth of GVHD in the fourth quarter obviously was a little affected by the expanded access  patients on our expanded access program that gets switched over to commercial. But nevertheless, we fully expect JAKAFI to continue to be the standard of care in steroid-refractory acute and chronic GVHD. And of course, it's life-saving potentially can extend life for myelofibrosis patients and provide a great quality of life, a better quality of life for patients with polycythemia vera.
Herv Hoppenot: Yes, for the long-term guidance, we are very much in line. I mean this is  it's getting closer and closer. And if you remember, the long-term guidance applies to the franchise. So it would  in the situation where we would have new products being launched in the next few years, it will be  it's included in the $3 billion guidance we gave in the past.
Kripa Devarakonda: Great. And if I can ask a pipeline question. I know you recently opted out of the CD137 PD-L1 bispecific, but we still see collaboration candidates  multiple IO candidates listed as part of your pipeline. Is there an expectation to provide big picture strategy on how you plan to develop the IO platform this year at some point?
Steven Stein: Yes. Kripa, its Steven. Whether we conduct an R&D day or not, we'll wait to tell you on that, I'm not sure we've decided. Just in terms of the IO platform, as we alluded to in the prepared remarks, the oral PD-L1 program is at a very exciting stage of development. We have three products in the clinic, all of whom have shown clinical activity. The two other products behind Pfizer have no peripheral neuropathy, and we want to make further decisions this year. We also have an exciting adenosine program, both the small molecule 2A, 2B antagonist and a CD73 antibody, which is also going through the clinic this year And then our LAG-3 program. The field has been sort of reignited beyond checkpoint alone now with data on LAG, TIGIT and potentially TIM-3 as well and there'll be some moving targets and we'll give more clinical plans when we're ready to share them. But we are  we have a very healthy IO pipeline. We're positioned in all those areas well and stay tuned on the oral PD-L1. I'll just leave it at that.
Kripa Devarakonda: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Maneka Mirchandaney from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Maneka Mirchandaney: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just a follow-up on one of the prior Opzelura questions. In your discussions with payers so far, are you seeing requirements for step through more than just topical steroids? In some of the prior ops that we found it looks like some plans are acquiring a second engine as well, but just curious what you're seeing more broadly? And then just to clarify for the 17% in other deductions, what are those? And do you expect going forward in the coming quarters? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. As far as step therapies go, they vary. Like I said, there's millions of patients that have been treated already with topical steroids, calcineurin inhibitors, they'll continue. Some will have one step, some will have two steps. Some will just be two topical therapies, which may be a low-potency steroid and a high-potency steroid. The other part of the question, you...
Christiana Stamoulis: Yes, I can take the second part. In terms of the 70%, there you have other discounts and fees, distribution of fees and related discounts that we may be providing as well as the co-pay assistance for that bucket as well.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Christine for any further closing comments.
Christine Chiou: Thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. Greg and I will be available for the rest of the day for follow-up. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte Third Quarter 2021 earnings call webcast. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. We ask that you please ask one question and one follow-up, then return to the queue. If anyone should require Operator assistance, please press star 0 on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. The slides presented today are available for download on the Investor section of our website. Joining me on the call today are Herve, Barry, Steven, and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and Dash, who will join us for the Q&A.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021, and from time-to-time, in our other SEC documents. We will now begin the call with Herve.
Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to report today on an important quarter for Incyte. But before we do that, I would like to take a moment to speak about the significant transformation our Company has undergone over the past 2 years. From the sub-quarter of 2019 to today, Incyte has more than doubled its number of approved products from 3 to 7 and has increased the number of approved indication from 5 to 12. A significant achievement for patients around the world.  Within the same time period, quarterly product and royalty revenues have grown nearly 50% from $534 million to $778 million in the most recent quarter. The 778 million in product on Royalty Revenue for Q3 2021 does not yet reflect revenue contribution from our 2 most recent U.S. approval: Opzelura in atopic dermatitis and Jakafi in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD. In addition, we expect further growth from the recent approval of Pemazyre in Europe and Japan, and Minjuvi in Europe.  We have the launches ongoing in Germany and will expand to other countries as reimbursement is secured. As we see on Slide 5, we have provided long-term guidance for some of these products, and there is significant upside to the current sales number. Within hematology-oncology, our MPN / GVHD franchise, which includes Jakafi and other innovation, is expected to surpass 3 billion in peak sales. Additionally, Minjuvi approved for the treatment of relapsed or refractory DLBCL has the potential to reach 500 million in this indication in the U.S.  While we have not provided guidance in Minjuvi, Pemazyre, and Iclusig, these products represent additional growth potential and generate further value to our business. Turning to dermatology, over the past year, we have successfully established our dermatology commercial franchise in the U.S. Given the product profile of Opzelura and the talented commercial team we have in place, we are confident in the potential for Opzelura and we expect peak sales to reach at least 1.5 billion in the U.S., in atopic dermatitis.  While still very early in the launch of Opzelura, the initial uptake has been strong and Barry will be providing details in his prepared remarks. Looking ahead in two other areas of our portfolio, we are anticipating multiple regulatory decisions in 2022, including Ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo in both the U.S. and Europe, Parsaclisip in three non-Hodgkin's lymphoma indications in the U.S., as well as once daily Ruxolitinib late in 2022 or early 2023. This 2022 regulatory decision, which closely follow multiple product approvals in 2021, position us well for further growth and diversification of our product revenues in the coming year.  Our partners are also making headway. With Novartis, ruxolitinib is currently under review in Europe and Japan for acute and chronic GVHD and capmatinib is under review in Europe for non-small cell lung cancer. In addition, Lilly is planning to submit an sNDA to the FDA for baricitinib in alopecia areata by the end of this year. If approved, these opportunities will provide valuable growth to our royalty revenues which have already surpassed $400 million during the first 9 months of this year. As we've seen, 2021 has been an important year of commercial, clinical and regulatory successful Incyte. With that, I will hand over to Barry to cover the individual product performance.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you Herve, and good morning everyone. Jakafi sales grew 12% year-over-year to reach $547 million for the quarter. And we are reiterating our full-year guidance range of $2.125 billion to $2.17 billion. Jakafi was first approved -- was the first approved treatment in myelofibrosis Polycythemia vera and steroid-refractory acute GVHD. And years later remains a standard of care in each of these indications. Growth across MF, PV and GVHD continues to be strong. And as you can see in the list, new patient stats have returned to pre -pandemic levels.  With patients staying on therapy longer, and new patients coming in, the total number of patients on Jakafi continues to increase year over year. Myelofibrosis patients, the largest proportion of patients on Jakafi comprise 45% of total patients, while polycythemia vera and GVHD patients accounts for 34% and 14% of total patients respectively. At the end of September, Jakafi was approved for its fourth indication, for the treatment of steroid refractory chronic GVHD. To put this in -- this recent approval into perspective, approximately 2000 patients with graft versus host disease are currently using Jakafi.  The majority of whom have acute form of the disease. There are over 14,000 patients in the U.S. living with chronic GVHD of which half require therapy beyond systemic corticosteroids. We expect the recent approval to accelerate new patient starts with Jakafi. Turning to slide 8, Monjuvi sales grew 22% sequentially to $22 million in the third quarter with growth driven primarily by demand. We're seeing increase in the number of total accounts across both academic and community settings and there has been a swift shift towards adoption of Monjuvi earlier in the treatment paradigm.  We now have a greater proportion of Monjuvi patients initiating therapy in the second-line, which should result in patients experiencing longer and more durable responses, leading to a longer duration of therapy. Feedback from healthcare professionals continues to be positive, with efficacy, duration of response, and safety being the key drivers of adoption. HCP awareness of Monjuvi 's differentiated profile continues to increase and the L-MIND 3-year results have been well received by the physician community.  As patients continue to return to the office, and as our reps continue to educate healthcare professionals on the clinical profile of Monjuvi, we're confident in our ability to build on this improving momentum. Turning to Slide 9. We are very excited to receive the approval of Opzelura, the first FDA approved topical JAK inhibitor for the treatment of mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis. Prior to launch, we had identified 11,000 dermatologist and high priority allergist, the top 20% of which are responsible for nearly 80% of atopic dermatitis prescriptions.  Our patient assistance programs are in place to help reduce the barriers to access for Opzelura, and our negotiations with payers are advancing well. To date, we have made significant progress with our stakeholders in the launch of Opzelura. Since our launch on October 11th, our field-based representatives have actively engaged with 76% of our target prescribers and have conducted 8,500 HCP costs in the first 3 weeks of launch, of which 95% they're being conducted in-person. We're also receiving a significant amount of interest in Opzelura from patients.  And in the first 2 weeks of launch, we have approximately 61,000 unique website users and this number continues to climb. Further highlighting the level of engagement from patients, there were over 1500 patient registrations for our Co-pay card program And lastly, on the Payer front, our discussions with PBM s which include the top three who account for nearly 80% of commercially insured patients in the U.S. have been very positive as they realize the value proposition of Opzelura. As a result, we expect to secure broad coverage in Q1 of next year. In the meantime, during this contracting period, we have multiple efforts underway to ensure patients are able to access their medication. Although it is still early in launch, our efforts are translating into the first signs of a very successful launch. As you know, there are limitations to the accuracy of script data. It's important to note that IQVIA s capture rate of prescriptions is under-representative of actual demand, especially in the initial weeks of launch.  Over time, the capture rate is expected to continue to improve. There are 2 different metrics that we're using to track performance, consisting of new brand -- new-to-brand Rxs, and 867 data. New Rx data shown on the left captures the patients who are either new to the market or have switched to Opzelura. In the first 2 weeks of launch, there have been close to 1,000 new-to-brand prescriptions, with nearly 2/3 of scripts coming from patients who were previously on topical corticosteroids therapy. On the right-hand side, we're showing 867 data, which is the number of units of Opzelura 60-gram tubes that our wholesalers are shipping to pharmacies.  While 867 data dont translate directly into scripts, we believe it captures demand appropriately given the low level of inventory retail pharmacies typically hold for specialty dermatology products. Pharmacies order Opzelura when a prescription is received and approved by the patient's insurance, or processed through our patient access programs. In its third week of launch, 1,115 tubes of Opzelura were shipped by wholesalers, bringing the total shipped since launch to over 2,200. Based on early data, we are now tracking towards 300 plus units shipped in the first four weeks of launch. Now I will turn the call over to Steven for the clinical update.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry. And good morning, everyone. The third quarter brought numerous achievements on both the clinical and regulatory fronts. Starting with the 3 recent regulatory approvals. Minjuvi was approved in Europe for second-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in August. In September, Opzelura was approved in the U.S. for mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis, and Jakafi was approved in the U.S. for second-line chronic graft-versus-host disease.  In addition to these regulatory milestones and successes, we presented pivotal data from our Phase III TRuE-V studies of ruxolitinib in vitiligo at the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology. The full dataset highlighted the significant improvements in facial and total body re-pigmentation seen in vitiligo patients after treatment with ruxolitinib cream. Also presented at the DADV was positive pivotal data for bericitinib, our partnered product with Eli Lilly in alopecia areata.  These data showed that treatment with once-daily baricitinib, 4 milligrams was superior to placebo in achieving significant scalp hair re-growth at 24 weeks in adults with severe alopecia areata. We also announced a global collaboration with Syndex Pharmaceuticals, which is pending regulatory clearance to develop and commercialize exetilnimub an anti - CSF1 receptor monoclonal antibody for chronic graft-versus-host disease and other fibrotic diseases.  Lastly, we recently announced the acceptance of the Marketing Authorization Application for the European Medicines Agency for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo. And yesterday, we announced that the FDA accepted the NDA for parsaclisib in 3 types of non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. We received priority review for parsaclisib in 2 of the indications, including for relapsed or refractory marginal-zone lymphoma, in adult patients who have received at least one prior anti - CD20 -based regimen.  And for mantle cell lymphoma, in adult patients have received at least one prior therapy. The PDUFA date for these 2 indications is April 30th, 2022. There will be a standard review for Parsaclisip in relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma. In adult patients who have received at least two prior systemic therapies with a PDUFA target action date of August 30th, 2022. Let me remind you of the efficacy across non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. In relapsed or refractory marginal zone lymphoma, response rates seen and independently reviewed were 57% with a duration of response in PFS not yet reached. In mantle cell lymphoma, this was a 71% response rate with duration of response of 9 months and a PFS of 11.1 months.  And in relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma, it was a 75% overall response rate with a duration of response of 14.7 months, and a PFS of 15.8 months. All this data is with the once-daily regimen of 2.5 milligrams. Remember this drug with designed to avoid hepatic toxicity associated with first-generation [Indiscernible] inhibitors and thus we have seen low rates of liver toxicity with less than 5% rate of grade-3 ALT NAST elevations. In addition, cases of serious diarrhea and colitis were manageable and reversible. Turning to the next slide, the clinical development of Parsaclisib in Hemolytic Anemia continues to progress with the Phase 3 study expected to start by the end of this year.  The study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of Parsaclisib verse placebo with a primary endpoint of durable hemoglobin response at week 24. Patients must have a diagnosis of primary warm antibody autoimmune hemolytic anemia, hemoglobin levels of 7 to 10 grams per deciliter, and a FACIT-F score of less than or equal to 43. This program represents another significant opportunity to address an unmet medical need, where there are currently no approved therapies for patients. Moving to our lumbar development program, we have multiple studies ongoing looking to improve upon the standard of care in myelofibrosis, polycythemia vera and graft-versus-host disease.  We expect data in our regulatory action for few of these programs by the end of 2022, including the NDA submission for the once-daily formulation of ruxolitinib. We also recently entered into collaboration with Syndax for axatilimab, an anti - CSF -1 receptor monoclonal antibody, which is currently being evaluated as a monotherapy in third-line chronic graft versus host disease. In addition, we will have the opportunity to evaluate axatilimab as a combination therapy with our JAK inhibitors, where the ultimate goal will be to arrive at a safe and effective combination that could lead to a steroids-free regimen for chronic graft versus host disease.  Turning to dermatology and ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo. The Phase III TRuE-V data presented at EADV showed meaningful superiority to vehicle, with 30% of patients achieving a facial VASI 75 at week 24, which is in line with our Phase II results. As a reminder, F-VASI75 response in the Phase 2 trial, continue to improve with ruxolitinib cream treatment, with an over 51% response rated week 52. We expect the 52-week data from the TRuE-V [Indiscernible] studies to be available in 2022. We are extremely encouraged by these positive results, and the impact ruxolitinib cream may have for patients living with vitiligo, in the U.S., in Europe.  The MAA was recently validated by the European Medicines Agency, and the U.S. sNDA is in progress. Turning to Slide 18 in an update on our dermatology programs, We continue to focus on developing our dermatology pipeline with ruxolitinib cream and INCB54707, an oral selective Janus kinase-1 inhibitor. Multiple studies are ongoing with ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis, including TRuE - AD3, a pivotal trial in atopic dermatitis in pediatric patients. In addition to our TRuE-V Program in vitiligo, we are also looking at 707 in a Phase II study in patients with nonsegmental vitiligo with a body surface area of greater than or equal to 8%.  Additional studies for 707 are currently underway in other indications, including 2 Phase II trials in hidradenitis suppurativa and prurigo nodularis. We look forward to updating you on these programs next year. In closing, we had a very successful quarter with a number of clinical and regulatory accomplishments, including three approvals. The FDA acceptance of an NDA for Parsaclisib as a treatment for three types of non-Hodgkin's lymphomas and the EMA acceptance of the MAA for ruxolitinib cream as a treatment for vitiligo.  Later this week, we invite you to join an analyst and investor call to discuss our RO PD - L1 program, including data for 86550, which was accepted for presentation at the Citi Annual Congress on November 13. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven. And good morning, everyone. Our total product and Royalty Revenue for the third quarter were $778 million, representing a 25% increase over the third quarter of 2020. Total product and royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $547 million for Jakafi, and $48 million for other hematology oncology products. Royalties from Novartis of $95 million for Jakavi and $3 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $87 million from olumiant.  The 12% year-over-year growth in Jakafi net product sales, reflects higher patient demand across all indications and a continued recovery of new patient starts as we continue to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic. The tripling of the Olumiant royalties is due primarily to the use of Olumiant for the treatment of COVID-19. Per our agreement with Lilly, for global net or sales of Olumiant for the treatment of COVID-19, we're entitled to receive royalties equal to the base double-digit rates applicable to all global net product sales, plus an additional 13% royalty.  Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis, ongoing R&D expenses of $331 million for the third quarter increased 11% from the prior year period, primarily due to the progression of our pipeline. Our SG&A expense for the quarter of $191 million increased 58% from the prior year quarter, primarily due to our investments related to the establishment of the new Dermatology Commercial Organization in the new U.S. and the related activities to support the launch of Opzelura for atopic dermatitis.  Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $9 million, which represents our 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for [Indiscernible]. This is comprised of total net product revenues of $22 million and total operating expenses including COGS and SG&A expenses of $40 million. Finally, our financial position continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion in cash and marketable securities.  Moving on to our guidance for 2021, we are reiterating our revenue COGS, R&D, and SG&A guidance for the year. We remain confident in our full-year guidance for Jakafi based on our continued recovery of new patient stats and the approval in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD. Operator that concludes our prepared remarks, please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. We ask that you please ask 1 question and 1 follow-up, then return to the queue. [Operator instructions]. And once again, we ask you please ask 1 question, 1 follow-up then return to the queue. Our first question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad : Hi guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I'm going to focus on atopic derm. So, it looks like out of the gate, as you mentioned, the metrics are looking pretty strong. Can you give us an idea of what are the physicians that are picking up use initially? Is there a particular patient population that you're hearing that doctors want to try this out on first, at least feedback from your sales force? And if you were to say right now, what is your biggest roadblocks to pick up? Is it getting on insurance formulary or is it just trying to educate doctors on the product? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly : Hi, it's Barry. Thanks, Tazeen. First thing I'd like to say is that I realize I said that we were going to ship, in my prepared remarks, 300 tubes of Opzelura in the first four weeks. And of course, I meant 3,000 tubes, which would actually make it on par or better than the last two launches in atopic dermatitis. So, we expect those 3,000 shipments to pharmacies to actually translate into more than 3,000 prescriptions in the first full four weeks of our launch.  So what patient population are they really looking at? It's just the indication, essentially patients who are 12 years or older. There's no difference. I've spoken to many dermatologists -- spoken to many dermatologists, and they're confident that they can use this drug in teens all the way up to the older adults. So, the biggest roadblock, patient access is always an interesting problem at the beginning of a launch, but in fact, I think we're making great headway there.  And as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we will in fact have broad coverage in the first quarter of next year. As you know, when new products are launched, particularly products like this in dermatology, sometimes the big PBM s will just block you for 6 months or more, and we think we can overcome that as quickly as possible. We've presented many times to payers across the country, big and small payers with our clinical data, and they're really impressed by the value that Opzelura will provide to these patients.  So even though it is always [Indiscernible] to worry about patient access, I think we're going to be fine in the relatively near future. As you know, in fact, when they start a new year is really when you want to ensure that your formulary is fully blown out, and all of your customers know exactly what's going to be covered and what's on the formulary. So, we think in the beginning of the year, we'll have a good progress there.
Tazeen Ahmad : Thanks Barry. And just to clarify, do you know how long it's taking from the time the doctor writes prescript to the time to patient is receiving products in the early days of the launch?
Barry Flannelly : I don't. It's very early. I can't give you medium or an average. Some patients are obviously having to have prior approval. Other patients go through our IncyteCARES Patient Assistance Program. I'm sure some patients are getting it very quickly and other patients it might take a few days, but I don't have an average for you yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC, Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams : Hey, guys, thanks so much for taking my question. I have a question on the MF dynamics overall, it looks like -- and lifecycle, it looks like patient volumes has been very stable year-over-year in MF for Jakafi, and you're seeing a lot of the growth being driven by the other indications. Just wondering if you could talk about what goes into your out-year guidance in terms of overall market dynamics across the indications?  And then as we think about longer term, you didn't talk too much about the ongoing Phase 2, Phase 1-2 work for the [Indiscernible] and [Indiscernible] too and just wondering where those stands and your level of confidence that that can drive potential growth and durability in the MF indication? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly : Sure, this is Barry. I'll start and then hand it over to Steven for a bet and up to on where they stand. As you can see from the slide that we showed, the remarkable thing about Jakafi is that month after month, year-after-year, the total number of patients on Jakafi continues to increase. Whether it's MF, PV or GVHD. The number of patients who are on MF and are on MF for a very long period of time are -- it's amazing.  In fact, we know that we've really only penetrated about 50% of the market. Our biggest competition is really watch and wait. So, getting physicians to fully understand the survival benefit that Jakafi offers to myelofibrosis patients is really what our challenge is, and we know we're making headway all the time. As I said in the beginning of my prepared remarks that Myelofibrosis PV GVHD, the standard of care is Jakafi and it will continue to be that way.  PV patients, same thing. They continue to grow year-after-year, month after month. And GVHD, especially for chronic GVHD, we know is going to grow very well. Those patients are at prevalence of those patients are greater than a prevalence of acute GVHD patients. And the chronic GVHD patients stay on for a much longer period of time. So, I will hand it over to Steven now for [Indiscernible]
Steven Stein : Thanks, Barry, Brian. Thanks for your question. So let me deal with each separately. Firstly, I'll start with L2, which is a mechanism. Now, we have data in hand that we understand in more and more. So, if you look at iron metabolism in humans, hepcidin, the way it works is high levels of hepcidin inhibit iron absorption from the gastrointestinal tract and stop it's released from macrophages. So, there's less iron available to make red blood cells. If you are able to inhibit that hepcidin pathway to an L2 inhibitor, iron's released and made available both from absorption in both for macrophages to make new red blood cells. And we've shown that this compound
Herve Hoppenot : does that from a mechanism action point-of-view. So, where we are, we're very excited about its potential. We're completing the monotherapy safety and then the combo safety, and then we'll be ready to make more decisions on the path forward in terms of more pivotal studies, which let me remind you which I've said repeatedly will hopefully address both the anemia of the underlying disorder, which we think is upside and mediated, plus the anemia induced by ruxolitinib, which we also think is upside and mediated. And if we achieve both of those, you'll get the safety aspect and less discontinuations when it works. And then maintain ruxolitinib dose and enhance efficacy. So
Steven Stein : the program really has a lot of potential. We hope to have a recommended phase 2 combo dose ready to go early next year and then make those decisions. For the BET program. again, a compound with heading our hands for a long time, years ago, we dosed it too much higher multiples in patients with solid tumors. And the dose limiting toxicity there, as we know with BET inhibitors was on target in the thrombocytopenia. We now doing it at 20% to 25% of where we were before. Gathering monotherapy safety in marlow prolactin neoplasm patients. And then
Barry Flannelly : Combo safety and they will again, just like with the old program, have to make decisions on where to go, looking at the competitive space as well. Would we be looking given its profile at sub-optimal patients, and in addition, would we consider first-line? So those datasets for the mono safety and the converse safety will be available in 2022. And as soon as we are ready and put up on tentrials.gov, we'll be able to show you our clinical programs there, but we're comfortable where they are at the moment. Thanks.
Brian Abrahams : Steven Barry Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JP Morgan. Your line is now live.
Cory Kasimov : Hey, good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to go back to AbCelera. Now that you're early on in the launch and deep in discussions with payers, curious if you're thinking around expectations for gross to net have changed at all, how we should be thinking about this short-term, and then longer-term trends on this front. And then the follow-up is, as we think ahead to the anticipated approval of Opzelura for vitiligo, how did the tubes per patient likely differ for a typical patient in that setting versus atopic derm. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly : Hey, Craig, it's Barry. When we're thinking about the gross to net is that what we said in the past is that in long term we anticipate the gross to net to be 25% to 50%. In this quarter in particular, and then as we move into next year, the gross to net will be much higher just because of the NDC blocks and the patient assistance programs that we provide, the co-pay assistance. And as you know, in this therapeutic category, over time, the use of those programs declines as there's more broader coverage, so our gross-to-net will continue to improve.  For vitiligo or maybe I'll start it out and hand over to Steven, We know it's going to be greater. I think we've forecasted, perhaps we said, that we think in atopic dermatitis, 3 or more tubes will be used per year, 10 tubes per year perhaps for vitiligo. I forget exactly what the clinical trial was, how many tubes we got, but obviously, we want to -- patients are going to use this for 24 weeks or 52 weeks, and we will see how much further after that. But I'll let Steven comment as well.
Steven Stein : Thanks, Barry. Thanks, Cory. The data in my prepared remarks for the TRuE-V Phase III studies thus far, has completely replicated the Phase II data in terms of the facial VASI75 at 24 weeks hit in that 30% plus range. We know from the 52-week and a 104-week long-term follow-up on our Phase 2 studies, that one of the phenomena with treating vitiligo is continued improvement over time.  And in fact, most of the patients the vast majority, elected to go on to long-term treatment in the long-term safety extension because of continued improvement. So what Barry is alluding to is, continued use of time and over a 1-year period, the current estimate is at least 10 to 11 60-gram tubes would be needed to achieve what I just spoke about. And then we will get more data in the second year as we continue to follow these patients, thanks.
Cory Kasimov : That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda : Hey, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, with the approval of Opzelura in atopic derm and the regulatory progress in vitiligo, it looks like the Dermatology Franchise is off to a great start now. You also have additional trials going on. Can you talk about how you're thinking about the future of the Derm Franchise? Given what you've already targeted [Indiscernible] would you be looking for something to complement that? Or should we look -- expect something more broad? Thank you.
Herve Hoppenot : Herve here, and then Steven will speak about the specifics of what's going on in Derma and beyond dermatology with our current portfolio. I mean, the whole idea from the beginning was that we do research and discovery of new products somewhere in between immunology, inflammation, and cancer. So, some products are typically cancer products. But many of the products targeted-therapies type of product, antibodies, etc.  But many of the mechanism we are studying in fact have application outside of cancer. And that's where it [Indiscernible], that's where it started. And what we see today when you look at the 10+ mechanism that we are studying in early studies, is that they can have applications outside of cancer. That's what we found with PI 3 - kinases that are in hemolytic anemia.  That's what we see in many dermatology indication. So, the goal is really to continue on that sort of photos of science type of approach. And obviously because dermatology of skin is the largest immune organ, we see a lot of applications in dermatology in the short-term. But it could also go in other type of inflammatory immune type of disease. So maybe, Steven, if you want to give everybody.
Steven Stein : Thank you Herve, and Kripa thanks for the question. Herve is right. The way we are viewing dermatology and I'm glad you called it a franchise even from an R&D point of view, is absolutely not a one and done. There's life cycle management of the cream itself ongoing, within a topic dermatitis and some of the manifestations thereof, like chronic hand eczema, et c.  There's still questions to be asked and addressed in vitiligo, including what happens with -- in patients on for the long term with really good improvements in facial Vesey 90 and beyond. And what happens with withdrawal in those situations? And then beyond those indications as Herve was alluding to, given the mechanism action of the cream in terms of JAK start pathway, there are a number of other indications that we're extremely interested in addressing, which are actually relatively, from an R&D point of view, certainly with an oncology context, really easy to study in terms of time.  So, stay tuned. We view this now as a launch cycle management opportunity with a scale that we can address in a very, very efficient manner. And then because dermas, as you also -- as others have said, they are alluding to have become really important to Incyte, both from an R&D and then a commercial point of view, it's beyond in terms of our other compounds. So, I alluded to in my prepared remarks with 54707, our relatively JAK -1 specific
Herve Hoppenot : oral inhibitor. That there are other indications for which we already have really good Phase II data in Hidradenitis Suppurativa. We have an ongoing Phase 2B there and approximately 200 patients that will deliver data next year and then we can make a decision on what to do from a pivotal aspect. We studied net compound in Prurigo Nodularis. Again, the mix of action is very relevant there.  And then in my prepared remarks for non - segmental vitiligo with body surface areas of -- total body surface area involvement of 8% or greater. We think the risk-benefit may well be favorable for an oral JAK there. So, you can see that derm thinking from an R&D point-of-view is expanded in an appropriate proportional way and it's relatively efficient to do so. Thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question today is coming from Salveen Rachael from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Rachael : Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So back to Opzelura, could you just give us any qualitative feedback you're getting on the launch and with regard to the safety profile and use in the context of which population would they be looking to [Indiscernible] for instance. And then in vitiligo, is there any change to the outlook for market opportunity here?
Barry Flannelly : Hi Salveen, it's Barry. So, regarding the safety in a black box, I guess you are alluding to is that dermatologist s is very used to explain to patients the difference between a systemic product and a topical product. For most skin diseases, in fact, dermatologists would rather use a topical product. So, they know that for example, that the safety profile between an oral JAK inhibitor and a topical JAK inhibitor is going to be very different and so they are very comfortable with that.  As I said before, I've spoken to many dermatologists we've gotten a lot of feedback from the field, there really hasn't been a push back on the types of patients they're going to use this Opzelura in. It's approved for the indication from 12 and over and that's what they're telling us they're going to use it for. In terms of combo use I don't know. Sometimes they do cycle through -- dermatological cycle through different therapies as they're trying to control patients with atopic dermatitis, but we can't say in the future what they're going to do. In terms of vitiligo, it's a game changer. It's a -- it can change patients lives and how they feel about themselves. It's the only drug that will be approved for repigmentation of the skin. And we really think that's going to be something that patients and dermatologist healthcare providers who want to utilize because it is such a unique treatment and it's going to help maybe hundreds of thousands of patients, if not more live a better life, I think.
Salveen Rachael : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson : Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the 3 parse explicit filings in acceptances. Can you comment on FDA 's rationale for granting MCL and MZO priority reviews while FL received a standard review. And then on the last call, I think you mentioned the tumor -agnostic programs for cyclicity would transition to a molecularly defined approach.  And I was wondering if you have any more details on those plans. And then lastly, on Monjuvi. Can you talk about any impact that you're seeing from Polivy, especially as it moves to the front line setting and any feedback from physicians in terms of how they compare those 2 drugs. Thank you.
Steven Stein : Jay, it's Steven. Thanks for your questions. On the Parsaclisib acceptance of filing. So, it's one of the biggest submissions I've ever been involved in, in a positive way because we submitted all 3 indications at the same time with the entire package, realizing that the diseases, although under the umbrella of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in general, are different in terms of some of their pathophysiology and the way they behave.  And that's exactly what happened in terms of the review cycles you allude to. So, for both marginal zone and mantle zone lymphoma, given the unmet medical need there, the FDA felt that they weren't a priority review, and also given the data we've seen. For follicular, I think their feeling is maybe it's a little more of a crowded space, less unmet medical need. But also, and I think very importantly, it's a condition that they want long long-term follow-up in terms of the responders. And I think that's what's driving the review cycle there being lengthened.  Obviously, our intent is to try and march these through all at the same time and get them approved at the same time but if they end up separating out follicular to get longer follow-up on the responders, I think that's what's driving the standard review cycle there. In terms of your second question, I think you were alluding to Pemigatinib, tumor agnostic program, our FGFR inhibitor.  And we had a tumor agnostic study underway for patients either with FGFR 2 driven arrangements, or FGFR3 or any others. And what we saw within that program although early and small numbers is some encouraging signals in certain areas like glioblastoma that felt to be more FGFR 3 driven in like some areas of non-small cell lung cancer that were more FGFR 2 driven.  And we felt that the likelihood of getting a wide Toomey agnostic indication was perhaps more limited and it was more efficient to stop the agnostic program enrolling across the board and go at those -- exactly at those two histologist directly. So, there will be a Phase 2 studies underway in both glioblastoma multiforme, that's FGFR 3 driven and then in non-small cell lung cancer that's FGFR 2 driven. And then for your Monjuvi policy question, I'll turn it to Barry. Thanks.
Barry Flannelly : Sure, Jay. In terms of Monjuvi and how it relates to Polivy, we think -- well, first of all, we're approved in the second-line setting for diffuse DLBCL patients. And we really think that our profile is always going to be attractive to patients and to physicians. In fact, perhaps, as you know, Polivy has reported over the last two quarters that their sales have declined. And we actually believe that because we are continuing to make inroads there, but Polivy is approved in the third line setting, we're approved in the second-line setting. As far as moving to the first-line for Polivy if they do move to the first-line, we haven't seen the data yet, but that wouldn't bother us. It actually gives us more faith that our front-line trial will be positive for these patients. And that even if they're in their first-line setting before we get there, we'd be the choice for the -- in the second-line setting going forward. But we really believe that if their study is positive in combination with R-CHOP, our study could be positive in combination with R-CHOP.
Jay Olson : Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Mark Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Mark Frahm : Hi, thanks for taking my questions. To start with, I wanted to just follow-up for -- Steven, on your comments of how to -- when you were discussing that you've [Indiscernible] pathway engagements, and [Indiscernible] and pathway, were you thinking just about iron release or have you seen rises in red blood cell counts in that mono-therapy trial. And then for Barry, maybe if you can give a little more granularity on what you mean by bright access. I guess, one, have any meaningful contracts been signed yet, or at least getting very close to the finalization where maybe you can speak to what type of [Indiscernible] you're expecting to be in these final agreements.
Barry Flannelly : Mark, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. We have not presented publicly data yet on hemoglobin improvement. Is that what you are asking directly? But we have demonstrated pre -clinically and then in-clinical samples that it's doing exactly what we wanted to do from an MOA point-of-view in terms of iron dynamics in ferritin. We don't have the clinical endpoint yet on actual rise in hemoglobin and hope the -- that will follow and we'll be able to present that next year to you. And then Barry can answer the second part. Sure. As far as negotiations with payers, like I said, they are ongoing. We think they are very positive. We think in the first quarter, we'll actually have broader access, and so we're negotiating not just with the large PBMs, but all of the regional payers that are important throughout the country. And so, I'm very confident that we will, in fact, in the near-term sign contracts.  But don't forget, patients do have access to drug now, not just through our patient support program, but they are being paid for. You asked about [Indiscernible]. We think that this drug is going to be used after steroids, and I think that's perfectly appropriate. We think in fact, we have a very good situation where from steroids all the way up to systemics, all of those patients, for mild-to-moderate disease, this will be the drug to use for them.  And we know that 1,000s and 1,000s of patients have already failed steroids so that patient population is just there for us to -- for them to begin to utilize a drug with the profile of that Opzelura has. We're confident about our future market access, and we're confident that patients are getting [Indiscernible]. And we don't think that [Indiscernible] will be a problem or if there is one [Indiscernible], just like in our label that should be used after prior topical therapies, that's exactly where it's going to be used and we're fine with that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Leerink. Your line is now life.
Andrew Berens : Hi, thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a little color on the sample program. What size of the two that are being given? And are there any mechanics that the physician has to go through before giving a sample? Just trying to get a sense for how confident you are at the samples that are going to be converted to paying patients.
Barry Flannelly : Well, I'm not sure if I exactly understand your question, but sample-size are in fact 5 grams, so it's a very small tube. Healthcare professionals don't really have to go through anything in order to utilize samples. And --
Andrew Berens : Okay.
Barry Flannelly : Okay?
Andrew Berens : Right. I am just trying to -- so they don't have to have a longer-term prescription to get the free sample initially?
Barry Flannelly : No, they don't have to. No, they can just write prescriptions and many just write the prescriptions upfront, right away. So, what we did decide to do, in fact, was to temporarily suspend our sample program, that we had a report for the samples of a texture problem, so we just temporarily decided to stop the samples right now and that we will in fact investigate the root cause of any texture problem. Of course, we have to get the tube to be sent back to us. We have to verify lot numbers, that sort of thing. But we just thought it was the best thing to do at this point to temporarily suspend. Once we figure out what that report really means, then we'll see if we can restart the sample program again.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt : Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. I just had a clarification OPZELURA and then one on PEMAZYRE. On OPZELURA of the 3,000 tubes shipped that you mentioned, is there any expected inventory in stocking or built up or is that expected to directly translate into prescriptions? And then on Pemazyre, I guess just thinking about market dynamics here in cholangiocarcinoma, given the sort of flattish sequential sales and how much additional growth opportunity you see in CCA? And again, help us understand the opportunity in non-small cell lung cancer and upcoming data disclosures for the Pemazyre program. Thanks so much.
Barry Flannelly : Sure. Michael so for the first one, 3,000 TEU ships, no, I don't think there's really much inventory. I think all of those TEU ship to pharmacies will be turn into prescriptions. The reason is simply that a drug like this, they don't keep on their shelf for a long period of time. They're going to make sure that, in fact, patients have insurance coverage or they have access to the drug before they're going to order this from the wholesalers.  So, I don't think there's very much inventory there at all. Obviously, there's inventory at each of the wholesalers sites that will eventually go out to pharmacies. In fact, most of these pharmacies are independent pharmacies. So, pharmacies that are very used to working with dermatologists, as there is -- that's their most of their practice. So that's actually very encouraging, because the dermatologists like to work with their local pharmacies that's experienced in working with dermatologists.  As far as the hemagglutinin goes and the cell carcinoma market in the U.S., sure there's growth opportunities there. Obviously, we have a first-line study. Moving into the first-line study would actually mean a whole lot to us that we know that there are patients are being tested for FGFR2 alterations and rearrangements, but there could be more patient tests. The more patients that are tested to identify that they might have this FGFR2 alterations then they would be candidates for Pemazyre so I think there is growth there but it is as you know, a very small patient population. And as far as the lung cancer patient population go, we'll have to see how many patients actually do have an FGFR alterations in lung cancer. And we'll see what the future opportunities there as we continue to roll out our studies.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question that comes from the line of Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Robert Andrew : Good morning, everyone. This is Rob Andrew on for Matt Phipps here. Just wanted to follow up on the earlier question that on the sample products and the potential issues there. How is that sample product actually different from the prescription product if at all? Are they produced separately and are there likely to be any issues with the commercial product at all? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly : So yes, they are produced differently. Obviously, it's a 5-gram tube. It takes different pressure to get into the 5-gram tube. So, there are separate batches and we're produced about a 140,000 of the samples. As far as the 60 gram, we're investigating all of the batches just to make sure that the texture and problem if there is any, we can fix and address.  We actually do have -- we're following up on information that was reported to us that we may actually have a texture problem with the 60-gram tube, but we're working through that right now, but we have to do root cause analysis, and we have thousands of tubes out there and we have to know, get them back from the patients or from the healthcare providers. Have that analyzed, and see how what the storing conditions were. And once that analysis is done, then we'll go forward from there.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on our website. Joining me on the call today are Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the year ended March 31, 2021, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. We will now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 4, so at the beginning at the year we laid out some of our key business objectives for 2021 and we executed on a number of our commercial and clinical goals in the first half while presenting a continuation of the momentum we showed throughout 2020. We believe these achievements, including the success of the TRuE-V and TRuE-AD program in vitiligo and atopic dermatitis will significantly contribute to our long term strategy for growth and diversification. In the second quarter, our product and our royalty revenues grew 17% to reach nearly $700 million. Jakafi net product sales were up 12% with both driven by the return of new patient/staff to pre-COVID levels. Both Pemazyre and Minjuvi revenues increased quarter-over-quarter up 33% and 16% as both new product launches continue to gain traction and royalties grew 30% to $121 million for the quarter with Jakafi up 24% and Olumiant up 40%. Our preference in the second quarter showed the strength of our business and our new product launches are progressing well. We are looking forward to the second half as we await to important FDA decisions in September and the potential approval of tafasitamab in Europe following the positive CHMP opinion received in June. While we are disappointed by the PDUFA extension for ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis and for ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD we remain confident in the value these medicines can bring to patients based on the robust data from pivotal programs TRuE-AD and REACH3 respectively. We will continue to work with the FDA on retifanlimab which recently we see the complete response letter for the BLA submission for SCAC. Retifanlimab remains under review with the European Medicines Agency. Moving on to our clinical development progress, in addition to the positive supply and results in vitiligo, our long term data in atopic dermatitis for ruxolitinib cream, we also announced positive Phase 2 data for parsaclisib in patients with autoimmune hemolytic anemia and the achievement of bioequivalents with q.d. ruxolitinib, which is on track for an NDA submission in early 2022. Looking out of the U.S. we have multiple growth opportunities across several markets. In the first half of the year, Pemazyre was approved in Europe and Japan and we have seen encouraging update with ex-U.S. sales reaching $3 million. So thus supporting the importance of Pemazyre as a treatment for patients with cholangiocarcinoma, NICE provided positive recommendation for Pemazyre in the UK. Turning to tafasitamab in the EU, if approved Incyte will be commercializing tafasitamab and as a brand name Minjuvi bringing the drug to many patients in need. In Europe, 16,000 patients are diagnosed with relapsed or refractory DLBCL each year of which approximately 14,000 would be eligible for tafasitamab. Our hematology [ph] team in Europe which was already deployed for Iclusig long trading and we will be leveraging resources to sweep off the launch of tafasitamab on a country by country basis. So Slide 6 shows the key business objectives that we set for the year, so first to continue driving growth in our current product portfolio, second to continue to expand and diversify our revenue base for new product and new indication launches and serve to continue to progress our late-stage pipeline as well as our earlier stage programs. So with that, I will hand it over to Barry, to cover the individual product performance.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv. Good morning, everyone. Before we talk about our individual product performance, I wanted to mention how encouraged we are as we see the gradual return of patients to physicians' offices following a year of decreases in patient diagnosis and treatment due to COVID. While pharmaceutical representatives access to oncology offices is still lagging, other therapeutic areas across the industry, we are seeing that there is now meaningful improvement in rep access to in-person meetings with oncologists. We expect these positive trends to continue and are optimistic about a stronger recovery in the second half of the year. On Slide 8, we show that Jakafi sales grew 12% year-over-year to $529 million for the quarter with total patient demand increasing across all three of our improved indications. New patient starts shown by the magenta line on the chart are now at the pre-pandemic levels, signaling more patients are returning to their doctors and receiving the treatments they need. Regarding Jakafi guidance, we are reaffirming our growth prospects for the year. A slight reduction in the upper end of guidance has been made to account for the increase in gross to net due to greater percentage of Jakafi volume ordered from 340B accounts and a three-month extension in the PDUFA for ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD. We now expect Jakafi net product sales between $2.125 billion and $2.17 billion for the year. We expect the growth of Jakafi to continue in the second half of the year with a stronger recovery of new patient starts and the potential approval of ruxolitinib for the treatment of steroid-refractory chronic GVHD representing an additional growth opportunity for Jakafi, and we look forward to the FDA's decisions next month. Turning to Slide 9, Pemazyre continues to outpace our expectations. Product sales grew 33% quarter-over-quarter to $18 million, including $15 million in U.S. sales as use in the second line continues to grow and the duration of therapy continues to drive performance. Since our initial launch 60% of patients on Pemazyre have been second line patients as reported by their physicians. However, in the recent survey of physicians that prescribed Pemazyre, that percentage is near 80% indicating a shift in earlier adoption of this therapy. Testing rates for FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements continues to grow and a recent survey showed that unaided awareness of FGFR2 fusions relative to intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma increased to 61%, up from 34% noted in the survey prior to the Pemazyre launch. We are optimistic for the second half as our reps continue to drive awareness for FGFR2 testing and usage in the second line. Turning to Monjuvi on Slide 10, Monjuvi sales grew to $18 million in the second quarter, representing a 16% growth over Q1. We continue to see an increasing update of Monjuvi in the second line diffuse large B cell lymphoma and are seeing positive trends in new patient starts, with momentum continuing as we exited June. As I said before, it has been a challenge to launch an injectable therapy in the midst of COVID, however we are seeing positive trends including the expanded number of accounts purchasing Monjuvi, the increase in new patient share and higher percentage of Monjuvi patients in the second line setting. Updated three years results from L-MIND were recently published and we believe these data will help bring greater awareness to the potential benefit of Monjuvi in the second line setting. I'd like to turn now our attention to ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis. As we wait for an FDA decision, we want to remind you of the high unmet need that exists for patients living with atopic dermatitis. There are currently 5.5 million patients with atopic dermatitis over the age of 12 on prescription medications, and yet a significant number of patients continues to experience symptoms. Based on a recent survey of 80 patients, over 40% of patients on prescription therapy experience flares at least once a week. Clearly the need for novel effective treatments is high. Shifting to another survey of dermatologists, over 70% of these dermatologists are aware of ruxolitinib cream's development in atopic dermatitis. 85% of dermatologists separately indicated that they would be highly likely to prescribe ruxolitinib cream to patients who have presented with a blinded safety and efficacy profile and its reduction was cited as the number one treatment driver. We are confident in the data supporting ruxolitinib cream in AD and we look forward to the FDA's decision next month. Now, I'll turn the call over to Steven for clinical update.
Steven Stein: Thanks Barry and good morning everyone. Starting with ruxolitinib cream, the FDA review of the NDA for ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis is ongoing with a new PDUFA date of September 21. At the Revolutionizing Atopic Dermatitis Conference in June, 52-week data from the TRuE-AD program were presented showing long-term disease control with as needed use of ruxolitinib cream. The majority of subjectivities [ph] clear, almost clear skin by week eight and we saw no new safety signals during the long-term safety period, including no adverse events suggestive of a relationship to systemic exposure. We also recently initiated our Phase 3 pediatric program in an effort to expand the patient populations who might benefit from ruxolitinib cream. Turning to Slide 14, we previously announced at the beginning of Q2 that the Phase 3 vitiligo program had achieved its primary and key secondary endpoint at week 24. Patients were randomized to receive 1.5% ruxolitinib cream twice daily all vehicle for 24 weeks. At which point a cross-over occurred from vehicle to 1.5% ruxolitinib cream twice daily for an additional 28 weeks. The overall efficacy and safety profile of ruxolitinib cream were consistent with previously reported Phase 2. As a reminder, 30% of patients in the Phase 2 study achieved a F-VASI75 and continued improvement was seen through 52 weeks. With these positive outcomes we are on track for an sNDA and MAA submissions in the second half of 2021 and are optimistic that ruxolitinib cream maybe a meaningful treatment option for patients living with vitiligo. On Slide 15, tafasitamab three-year data from the L-MIND study were presented in June at the 2121 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting, and subsequently published in the Hematologic in July. These data demonstrated significant durable responses and reaffirmed a consistent safety profile with tafasitamab treatment in patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma who are uneligible for transplant. We are particularly encouraged by the tolerability and high overall response rates seen especially in the second line setting, which exhibits the importance of starting therapy sooner. In addition, the study demonstrated that subsequent treatment, including an autologous stem cell transplant and CAR-T therapy is not precluded in patients with disease progression during the tafasitamab plus lenalidomide treatment. We are looking forward to the decision from the European Commission following the positive CHMP opinion received in June. Turning to the next slide, tafasitamab's clinical program continues to develop with multiple pivotal and proof-of-concept studies to start later this year. As of today, there are three updates to the program. The first being frontMIND which is now ongoing and enrolling patients in first line diffuse large B cell lymphoma. Second, the initiation of coreMIND, a pivotal trial evaluating tafasitamab plus parsaclisib in relapsed or refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia, based on the positive results of the COSMOS study. Lastly, we expect to initiate MINDway, which is our dose optimization study in relapsed or refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma. On Slide 17, LIMBER program continues to evolve in a positive way. We presented positive once daily ruxolitinib bioavailability and bioequivalence data at EHA in 2021 which demonstrated bioequivalence for area under the curve. Once daily ruxolitinib stability testing is ongoing and we expect to file an NDA in early 2022. Multiple trials are ongoing, including the potential for fixed dose combinations with parsaclisib plus ruxolitinib, and we anticipate the initiation of the BET and L2 combination components of the irrespective trials of ruxolitinib in the second half of this year. Turning to Slide 18, the results REACH3 investigated ruxolitinib in steroid refractory chronic graft versus host disease were recently published in the New England Journal of Medicine. This data shows that treatment with ruxolitinib significantly improved overall response rate at week-24, as well as a much higher best overall response rate versus best available therapy. Reach3 also achieved statistically and clinically meaningful improvements in key secondary endpoints, including failure-free survival and symptom response. With a September 22 PDUFA we are excited at the potential to help bring this therapy to patients living with steroid refractory chronic graft versus host disease who currently have very limited treatment options. Turning to parsaclisib on Slide 19, we presented Phase 2 data in autoimmune hemolytic anemia at the EHA in 2021, which showed high response rates and a normalization of hemoglobin levels during the initial 12 week treatment period. Clinically meaningful improvements in fatigue related quality of life were observed and parsaclisib was generally well tolerated. In a disease with no currently approved treatments we continue our commitment to patients through the development of parsaclisib and the initiation of Phase 3 trial to start later this year. In closing, we had a number of clinical development successes announcing positive data across multiple programs and making significant progress within certain key development programs during the first half of 2021 and we expect an eventful second half with multiple potential approvals and additional regulatory submissions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven and good morning everyone. Our total product and royalty revenues for the second quarter were $696 million representing a 17% increase over the second quarter of 2020. Total product royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $529 million for Jakafi, $28 million for Iclusig and $18 million for Pemazyre, royalties from Novartis of $82 million for Jakafi and $2 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $36 million for Olumiant. The 12% year-over-year growth in Jakafi net product sales reflects higher patient demand across all indications and a continued recovery of new patient starts as the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic subside. Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis, ongoing R&D expenses of $339 million for the second quarter increased 20% from the prior year period, primarily due to the product supply costs for ruxolitinib cream, the progression of our late-stage pipeline and our 55% share of the global and U.S. specific development costs for tafasitamab. Excluding the $11 million impact of incremental product supply cost for ruxolitnib cream, ongoing R&D expense for the quarter increased 16% from the prior year. Our SG&A expense for the quarter of $169 million increased 43% from the prior year quarter, primarily due to our investments related to the establishment of the new Dermatology Commercial organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the potential launch of ruxolitinib cream for atopic dermatitis. Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $10 million which represents our 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. This is comprised of total net product revenues of $18 million and total operating expenses including COGS and SG&A expenses of $38 million. Finally, our financial position continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion in cash and marketable securities. As we are at the mid-point of 2021, we are taking the opportunity to update our revenue and expense guidelines. As Barry detailed earlier, for Jakafi we are tightening the range to $2.125 billion to $2.17 billion. Based on the strong performance of Pemazyre in the first half of 2021, we are increasing the guidance range for other hematology oncology to a $155 million to $170 million. Finally, we are lowering SG&A guidance to $725 million to $755 million to reflect lower expenses for ruxolitinib cream as a treatment for atopic dermatitis in the U.S. based on the PDUFA date extension. There are no changes in our guidance for COGS and our R&D. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs are now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning, thank you for taking my questions. Two from me, one is, could you just speak to whats happening on the regulatory side with regard to JAKs and how that impacts your process here on the Derm franchise? And then secondly, with the $30 million reduction in guidance, how much of that is due to contribution from steroid-refractory GVHD versus impact from the 340B base?
Steven Stein: Hi Salveen, its Steven. I'll answer your first question. So, in terms of the regulatory aspects of the ruxolitinib cream, obviously we cannot and do not speculate on what the FDA will or will not do, but we can tell you, we have tremendous confidence in the profile of the cream given now that we have four completed Phase 3 studies, two in atopic dermatitis, two in vitiligo. Including the long term follow up now for both safety and efficacy in these studies that demonstrates no new safety concerns related to what one would expect from any untoward systemic exposure. The efficacy profile in atopic dermatitis that we have presented before in mild-to-moderate AD is outstanding and the safety profile isnt keeping with what I just said with a low systemic absorption of approximately 4% to 7% of bioavailability compared to an oral tablet. In other words, no untoward effects seen. So given all of that, we remain obviously extremely confident in the profile and we look forward to that PDUFA date on September 21. I will hand over the second part.
Barry Flannelly: So Salveen we dont -- we really think of it as being just a tightening. As we get further in the year, we see that the range that we had was appropriate. The low end of our range was appropriate and the higher end of our range is tightened to what we're likely to hit. As far as the, what affects the growth in net versus GVHD, we actually anticipated that our gross to net would be 1% for the year lower than it is now, that it seems to be now, so where that's taking up a good chunk of the amount that we reduced the top line from the high end of the guidance from.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. The next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys, thanks so much for taking my questions. Two questions from me on Jakafi. Obviously, very encouraging to hear that new patient starts have now returned to pre-pandemic levels. I'm curious if you're seeing any recent changes with the Delta wave currently in the pandemic, in terms of patient, new patient diagnosis, visits to physicians, and new starts, as well as your ability for -- the ability for sales reps to engage with physicians and the extent may be to which that shaped your guidance? And then secondarily, on the once daily form I know physicians have this perception of myelosuppression with JAKs it being intrinsically linked to spleen response and activity. So I'm just wondering how you hope to educate physicians around the potential to have comparable efficacy with a once daily form that may have less toxicity? And is there any clinical data beyond the bioequivalence that you're hoping to deploy to help support that education and awareness? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So Brian this is Barry. Ill take the first part and hand and the other part over to Steven. So obviously the Delta wave, Delta variant is concerning, but as of now we've actually seen new patient starts increasing for Jakafi back to pre pandemic levels. We know that sites are opening up for a rep access and actually all of our fields based employees access to clinics, offices, hospitals. Obviously, we don't know what the future is going to bring, but for right now, we're getting back to where we were back in the beginning of 2020. Steven?
Steven Stein: Yes Brian, its Steven. So thanks for the question on once daily ruxolitinib. As you sort of allude to, albeit indirectly, the once daily PK profile, while we demonstrated the comparability needed for area under the curve, the Cmax as you would expect from a once daily versus a quicker release formulation is lower. We do think although this does still need to be proven, that that is one of the aspects that drives as you were alluding to the myelosuppression, particularly through potentially JAK2 inhibition, and that they may be less anemia with once daily. I don't think that it's fully true what you said and it's more perception than reality, that myelosuppression is linked to spleen volume reduction. In fact, as you know, we see SVR 35 a bit improvements in many patients who don't have any myelosuppression at all. So I think that is definitely more perception than reality. But it's something you know, we will have to counter. The route we're taking for once daily in terms of approval is bioavailability, bioequivalent route. The forms are now in stability testing and if stability goes well, we'll be filing that early next year. There is no clinical data yet on outcomes in terms of efficacy or safety. That's something we would do after the fact if we wanted to, so very sort of simple BAB route to prove the needed area under curve equivalence and then stability to get the approval. Thanks.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks, Steven and thanks Barry.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. One for Steven just on the LIMBER program on the combinations, I mean, the monotherapy seemed to been running for a while. I mean, is the dose escalation just being much more extensive than maybe thought or is it really just enrollment maybe from COVID that's keeping that from being able to advance into the combinations. And then for Barry, the increase in 340B, I think we've been seeing that increase over time yet, historically, but I guess it's accelerated in the first half. Do you think that's, maybe a mix issue from COVID or is that something that we should expect kind of going forward, that's a more permanent change as well?
Steven Stein: Hey, Marc its Steven. So in terms of LIMBER, I mean, it's an incredibly important program to us, for all the obvious reasons, both for the company in a shareholder value, commercial value, but also patient value and unmet needs, yes. And, just to give you the different aspects, firstly, the formulation work on once daily, has gone really well with the outcome we desire, as we just spoke about in terms of bioequivalence and stability now, and that file should go ahead in early 2022 if stability is fine, which we expect it to be. In terms of the combination, which is what your direct question, just a reminder there, the three we have internally is the parsaclisib combination program. That very went very well. We've presented the data multiple times, both of the studies are open. The sub-optimal study in patients, who've had at least three months of ruxolitinib, with either an inadequate spleen response or inadequate symptom response or both, and then are randomized to continue rux or rux plus parsa is ongoing and enrolling now. And then the first line study of the combination is also open and enrolling now. So those that program is going as well as we expected and on track. In terms of the earlier programs, the BET work with our BET inhibitor, we've always said, we will do single agent safety in the first half of 2021 and then the combination work in the second half. And then we'll have to make decisions on how aggressive to be in terms of a program thereafter. And we could go very aggressively, for example, into first line if the data warranted that. There has been some COVID impact on enrollment in all early studies across the board in oncology and hematology, but we're comfortable with where that program is. And then the third program, ALK2. So different proposition if you will, through we think through hepcidin [ph] inhibition, that there'll be amelioration of anemia. That is one of the main reasons patients are remind you discontinue rux, so it will be of enormous benefit if it works there. And then not only that, they'll be able to maintain rux adequate dosing. So they'll probably be an efficacy upside as well. And that program, as we've always said, as well, first half of this year, single arm safety, and then combination work second arm, and then the same process, how aggressive do you want to be in terms of programs. There, again has been some COVID impact on enrollment in early studies, but we're comfortable with where the programs are. Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So, Marc, as far as the 340B use goes, well we have a limited controlled distribution process for Jakafi and for Pemazyre for that matter. So our volume of 340B orders is about 11% now and the industry is about 15%. So we think we do a pretty good job of making sure that 340B orders don't get out of control. But, we saw for a number of years, 340B orders rising and the discounts obviously going back to those institutions. And then it slowed down in this year it picked up again for a number of reasons. And some of those are that, there's more disproportionate share hospitals coming on to a 340B program. So this hospitals and then they're, what's called their child sites, which is their satellite sites, more of those coming on as health systems, buy up oncology practices, and they do it specifically for to take advantage of 340B program. And then in fact, we see that some of the hospital or health systems are establishing their own specialty pharmacies. So they don't contract with other specialty pharmacies outside of their institution or their health systems, so more orders are going through there. We think we forecasted going forward and it's built into our forecast, the correct gross to net or the amount of gross to net is distributed to 340Bs. And so anyway, we think that we have a good system to control inappropriate orders that might come through the 340B accounts.
Marc Frahm: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Alethia Young: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just want to talk a little bit about maybe the, tend to scaling down the opportunity for atopic dermatitis and there's like 5.5 million people. But, when you think about the initial opportunity to uptake and switching from [indiscernible] or are there more specific population? Just if you can help us kind of think about what that initial pool might look like for modeling. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: I'll try to answer that Alethia. I think, we think the opportunity is quite large, to help patients who have eczema, atopic dermatitis, 5.5 million is obviously those patients who are actually drug treated as you know throughout the United States. It's estimated that 30 million people have atopic dermatitis from kids to adults. So we really believe that going from steroids, up to biologics, there's a huge unmet need there for patients with mild to moderate atopic dermatitis and ruxolitinib cream is just the thing for those patients.
Alethia Young: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, so two from my side. First on Monjuvi understanding is still relatively early days. But I was wondering if you could comment on the duration of use you've been observing in patients that have been prescribed Monjuvi? And secondly, going back to the QD rux program and LIMBER, so assuming, that you do receive approval following your NDA submission plan for next year. How would you envision the commercial rollout here? Would you expect this to be an option for new patient starts or would you expect to conduct more aggressive switching campaign for all patients, including build that are currently on a VID regimen, any color there would be helpful.
Barry Flannelly: So Vikram, on Monjuvi itself. So as expected, when you launch a new drug, in oncology, in particular, you end up getting patients who perhaps had multiple prior lines of therapy. So as we started off, the duration of therapy was shorter, but expected because patients might have been older, sicker, had multiple lines of therapy. Now we're moving into true second line patients more and more every day, more and more new patient starts are coming from true second line patients, and we know that the duration of therapy will be much longer. And I think that's why the demand is really starting to pick up now. As far as the second part of the question, maybe Steven will take some of it and I'll try to answer the other part.
Steven Stein: Yes, Vikram its Steven, I think, as I said earlier, it's bioavailability, bioequivalence route initially to approval, so we won't have a whole ton of clinical data. But as we expect, with the lower Cmax profile, that they may be less anemia. So if you step back, you have a once daily which may have, convenience aspect to patients who want to use once daily versus twice daily use and then you'll have, potentially use for which we may have to generate more data on patients who are more likely to experience cytopenias, particularly anemia, being more applicable to once daily. And then just to mention, because I didn't earlier, that the optionality on this for fixed does combinations is also really important. So for any of the combinations I mentioned earlier parsaclisib pay to ALK2, the ability to do a fixed dose combination with once daily will also be there, should we elect to do so and there'll be a part over there. So it has multiple aspects of value to both patients and potentially commercially as well.
Herv Hoppenot: And maybe I think something on this TRuE-V, I mean, you can you see the treatment of myelofibrosis evolving with a number of combinations being developed, so three of them by us and other companies are also combining Jakafi with their own product and all of them are once a day. So it's very important to realize that when you are in the combination regimen of all products for cancer having both once a day is in fact the way to ensure that there is no mistake and it is also a safety aspect of it. So the way we see it is that assuming we are at the end of 2022 with an approved once a day, there will be a transition of both existing patients moving to combination when it's appropriate and new patient being studied on the once a day, so that is sort of in our plan, there is a transition period, we have the one a day we will be basically replacing the twice a day for most of the indication in myelofibrosis.
Vikram Purohit: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Cory Kasimov: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys. I appreciate you to taking the questions. Two from me around RUX cream. First, are you having to conduct and or share any new safety analyses for the product for the FDA ahead of the new PDUFA September? And then secondly, can you just speak to the anticipated timing of TRuE-AD3 evaluating RUX cream in children and maybe how you see this market opportunity for a topical relative to adults? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Cory, hi it's Steven. So as I said upfront earlier, we don't comment per se on to and fro with the FDA, and all I'll be doing for now. We did say with our initial delay earlier that there was an information request that we've given them data on that, that may have contributed to the delay. I think stepping back from us alone, and what the other three companies have communicated in the space where they are all programs, Pfizer, AbbVie, and Eli Lilly, that it looks like there's quite an impact from the ongoing Xeljanz safety review from RA in the room division, and there may be affecting actions across the class, sort to speak, with definitely with the other programs. And that's as much as I can say related to the cream. From the PEACE aspect, Barry spoke about, within our current mild-to-moderate 12 and above, we serve in the majority of the population there that has the need. However, as you point out, many patients start with their atopic dermatitis at much younger ages and that's the importance of the PEACE program and getting those Phase 3s up and started already. I won't give you the timing yet. It's a bit early, but our adult programs, as you know, accrued incredibly well, I mean incredibly quickly. And we have the same expectation for the PEACE programs given that is even more knowledge now, as Barry said of the compound. So we'll update you further once they sort of have a little bit more momentum on them, and we expect them to enroll very well and quickly.
Cory Kasimov: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I have two from me as well on Pemazyre that has been launching ahead of expectations in cholangio. But we noticed that two additional studies here starting out in lung cancer and GBM. Could you just comment on the opportunity in addition to cholangio for Pemazyre and their path to market perhaps in other indications? And the second question on Monjuvi, I guess, based on the experience so far, how should we think about the potential launch trajectory in Europe, especially since you would presumably be launching into an environment that's less impacted by COVID at that time?
Steven Stein: Michael, hi its Steven. Thanks for the question on Pemazyre. So what we saw in an ongoing tumor agnostic program, as you know, looking at different potential biologic drivers, whether they fusions, rearrangements, or amplifications, or any other FGFR thing, and we started to see signals within that that program in glioblastoma multiforme a that had a particular molecular driver, and then in non-small cell lung cancer. It also had a particular molecular driver. And we elected to pull those two and pursue them as standalone entities separately based on the biomarker. So we will work that out regulatory path now over the next few months with the regulatory agency, define the program and the eligibility criteria, and then the study will go up on clinical trials.gov and give you little more information and granular details you want. But I will tell you, if you look at the prevalence of whether it be FGFR2, fusions or rearrangements, or in some cases FGFR3 as well, which may be particularly important in glioblastoma. The prevalence rates are, sometimes in the single digits, 5% to 10%, sometimes a little higher, but obviously, in lung cancer, that potentially enormous opportunity given the number of patients even if you have a 5% to 10% prevalence of a particular driver. So I can't give you more detail yet because we don't have regulatory agreement on the path. But you can sort of see how it would pan out to be a molecularly defined entity within that histology rather than a tumor agnostic program. I'll turn the question over on the launch trajectory in Europe.
Herv Hoppenot: In Europe, I mean, as you know, launching a new product is happening in a sequence. It's not like the U.S. where the entire country one day, the product becomes available, so you can anticipate that we'll be starting with Germany. And then from there, we will have other countries being added as we go. Interestingly, nice recommendation now has been obtained already. So that should accelerate the availability in the UK, which is very important. And also, it's important to realize that the treatment in -- for DLBCL in Europe is not exactly following the same path as the U.S. and I think there is a very good chance that we can see, based on the data that you know, I mean, the three year data was recently published, it's reaffirming, the [indiscernible] the high complete response rate. And I think it will have a very good chance to be used in certain lines very quickly, in many of these, many of these countries. A reminder that we are really ready to launch it because we have methodology [ph] team in place already in many of these countries from the Iclusig franchise, and the relationship with physicians, the prescriber is already very well established. So the team is really optimistic about our ability to drive Minjuvi in Europe quickly. And I think it will be successful. I mean, the COVID situation is very different from country to country and frankly, it's difficult to predict how it's going to evolve over the next few months. But I think it would be better than what we have seen in the U.S. where we were already at the lowest point when the approval of Monjuvi in tafasitamab in the U.S. took place. So everybody is largely optimistic, everybody is prepared and I think it would be to be a successful lunch.
Michael Schmidt: Right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Thank you for taking the question. So, just I apologize if I missed this because I missed the beginning part of the call. But are you able to share with us the distribution of new patient starts with Jakafi according to indication? And similarly for Monjuvi, can you update us on the status of just also that distribution of those patients who are being treated in the second line versus later line of therapy? And I was also hoping that you could provide an update on itacitinib in the second line myelofibrosis trial on the anticipated timing of data and what the strategy is for that drug at this point.
Barry Flannelly: So Mara I can tell you is that new patient starts for Jakafi for GVHD, MF, and PV are all back to pre-pandemic levels for a while there. Bone marrow transplants were down and GVHD was down, but now it's come back strong over the last several months or even since the end of last year. MF and PV patients that really dropped off in early spring, in spring and early summer of 2020, all came back in just even in the last month of June, came back to about the highest new patient start level that we've had for a long time. So it's really GVHD growth is the highest in new patient starts and then PV new patient starts after that, and then MF [ph] patients after that. As far as Monjuvi goes, again, at least from our market research in the second line setting we're now number one drug use for diffuse large B cell lymphoma patients in the second line setting in terms of new patient starts. So that's where all of the new growth comes from and third, fourth or fifth line is just falling off after that. Steven?
Steven Stein: Yes, hi, thanks for your question on itacitinib in myelofibrosis. So this is a different JAK inhibitor in terms of its JAK inhibition profile and is relatively JAK1 selective compared to ruxolitinib if you use that as a reference. And then in MF as Herv was saying, there are different patient populations with different needs, in terms of their underlying phenotype and cytopenias and thrombocytopenia, et cetera. So the idea here is potentially with another JAK inhibitor, with a different jack inhibitory profile, with a different PK, that we'll be able to leverage some of that difference in terms of cytopenias and look for efficacy in populations, for example that are more thrombocytopenic than others. It's still early days in terms of this program, so although you know we have quite a bit of data from earlier studies, this is now a standalone study and we'll see how it goes in terms of enrollment and then update you further, but I wouldn't anticipate data in the next year or so. Thanks.
Mara Goldstein: Okay, thank you. If I also could just sneak in one more question, and it's on the SG&A spending, and the delay in RUX cream and how much of that increase in SG&A spending was associated with the anticipated launch of RUX cream.
Christiana Stamoulis: So the adjustment that we made to the SG&A guidance is $10 million on the low end to at around $20 million, the high end of the range. And this is primarily or really driven by the expansion of the three-month extension in the PDUFA for RUX cream. So there are certain activities that were related, for example, to direct-to-consumer that we were planning to do this year once we launch that now, given the timing we don't anticipate doing this year anymore and will be pushed now to 2022.
Mara Goldstein: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Thank you for taking the questions. Can you please comment on your current thinking around European strategy for topical RUX? And then on the timeline for the vitiligo submission, does the submission for topical RUX in atopic dermatitis have any impact on the regulatory filing in vitiligo? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Jay, its Steven. I'll take your second question first, and then turn it over on the European strategy. So it shouldn't in the bottom line, it's just a question of whether it would be sNDA versus an NDA, right? But the idea would be that we get the approval on the PUDFA on September 21 and we file vitiligo as soon as possible thereafter, there would, and it shouldn't have any impact, particularly in the U.S. You can have multiple files in at once. There's no issue related to that. On your European strategy alternative
Herv Hoppenot: So in Europe, what we are planning to do is to submit first with vitiligo indication, and that should be happening in the second half of this year. And that will give us an approval it is approved, that will help on the pricing side and that's why we are doing it in that order. It doesn't mean that we will never submit in atopic dermatitis, but it means that we'll be setting the price first in vitiligo and then we'll have to see what kind of data will be required to obtain a reasonable pricing in atopic dermatitis as, it has to do with comparative and the way the benefit can be evaluated compared to other products that have a certain level of reimbursement. So the sequence with the vitiligo in second half of this year, but I'm sorry, one year later being approved and then moving into atopic dermatitis.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Leerink. Your line is now live.
Andrew Berens: Hi, thanks. Four questions from me on the commercial infrastructure you're building for the topical RUX franchise? Can you just remind us how many sales reps you're planning to hire for both indications? And can we get an update on where you are in that process currently? Just to clarify Maras question, was any of the lowered SG&A guidance that you announced today related to a delay and headcount reduction or hiring? And then, as a follow up, what percentage of atopic derm patients are treated in the community versus a center of excellence? And then what percentage of atopic derm scripts are actually written by primary care physicians? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So Andrew, I can tell you our field force is fully in place. We have 120 sales representatives in the United States, and they're up ready to go. They're in the process of training and getting to know their accounts, so that's that. As far as the no, SG&A has nothing to do with headcount, because we have them fully on board, they're ready to go. They're anticipating the launch in September. So we're looking forward to that. And as far as who writes what, so dermatologist for overwhelmingly writes at least for the first script anyway for drugs like RUX cream or most likely Eucrisa and so forth, but and obviously poor drugs like Dupixent, dermatologist are writing those. So and most of them are being treated in the community, most of dermatology patients go to their local dermatologist in their community, not necessarily academic medical centers, we're very happy that most of the KOLs or all of the KOLs in dermatology are fully anticipating the approval of RUX cream and looking forward to it. And as far as primary care goes, yes sure, they'll write for mild steroids. Maybe they'll write a refill script, but very little as far as our research goes, that they'll be writing for RUX cream, at least currently. Now, in the years to come as everybody sees the efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib cream, then that could change.
Andrew Berens: Okay and how often do the most patients see their dermatologists once they're diagnosed?
Barry Flannelly: Well, it varies. I'm not sure if I can give you an exact answer. Certainly patients who have troublesome eczema, they'll go back to their primary care physician or their dermatologist every month, every quarter. It all depends on how many flares they have, if they're controlled by whatever medication they're currently on. Obviously, if patients are severe, and they're on biologics they'll see their dermatologists more often.
Operator: Thank you. This question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from SunTrust. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hey, guys, thank you so much for taking my question. Just following up on the pediatric trial in the atopic derm that you recently initiated, our KOL checks have indicated that there could be a slightly greater hesitancy amongst parents, especially for the under 12 age group to use something like RUX cream, even if it doesn't get a black box label, especially the orals get a black box warning. Is there anything in your market research that gives you confidence that this opportunity is worth pursuing in this population, also in the context of other competition in the pediatric population? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Kripa, hi, its Steven, I'll start and then Barry will talk about any market research. To enable the program we had to do a lot of work with the regulatory agency, particularly with the FDA to make them comfortable that there would not be any harm, so to speak, right? Remember, oral RUX has now been on the market since 2011, is used in myelofibrosis, PVR and graft-versus-host disease, and has ongoing pediatric work in leukemia population with the Children's Oncology Group. So we have a lot of experience with much higher exposures, if you will of RUX. To enable the pediatric program before it got started, we had to do work around any potential on bone arm et cetera. And we made obviously the FDA comfortable and reading through agencies around the world to do it. So, as always with a clinical trial, we have to have equipoise [ph] and first do no harm. And so we're very comfortable in the profile, and it's potential to obviously have enormous benefits and hopefully no safety signals. From a market research point of view Barry your answer?
Barry Flannelly: Well, we think that RUX cream could be a very good treatment for kids, let's say two to 12 that have eczema, atopic dermatitis that can't be controlled by other things. Obviously, there's a problem in those patients who, because they can, their only other choice really is steroids. We find that kids don't like really to use you Eucrisa quite frankly, because it burns. And the topical steroids can only be used for a short period of time. So we think once we have the clinical data for the kids, between two and 12, that this could be a very good option for them.
Kripa Devarakonda:
SCAC:
Steven Stein: Hey, Kripa its Steven, thank you. Yes, we were disappointed in the ODAC outcome in the 13 to four votes, especially given we have done to our knowledge, the largest study ever in squamous cell anal carcinoma plus have addressed the HIV population, plus what we thought, as you saw we presented that the activity was in keeping with other checkpoint inhibitors in virally driven tumors. However, you saw the outcome, and we got the complete response letter. The way it works now is you work with the agency on addressing the aspects of the complete response letter, which will do and again confident in the data and hopefully, we lead to a, if we make the FDA comfortable a resubmission around what data that will make them comfortable and the risk benefit of it. In terms of the ongoing first line study, again, was presented at the ODAC. It's done with the biggest group in the space interact. They are the ones who've done studies in this arena, and actually had documented the first line care standard in their own study, and that study is going well. There's no real COVID impact to that, given it's the only study in the space, and it's a randomized study, so we're comfortable where we are there. Thanks.
Kripa Devarakonda: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Steven Willey from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Steven Willey: Yes, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a couple of really quick questions on QD RUX. So can you maybe just speak to any significant or potential differences that might exist between the current version of QD RUX, and I guess the prior sustained release version that was published a few years back? I know both were, similarly on the pharmacology side in terms of obtaining bioequivalent. So just wondering if there's any additional differences that you would highlight between the two? And then just lastly, curious how you're thinking about acuity fixed dose combination in the context of potentially sacrificing some titrate ability? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Steven hi, its Steven answering your question. So it's good you bring up that older publication, which was the single strength the 25 milligram slow release, that is actually one of the formulations. It's just that now we have multiple formulations. We've done the more complete work around bioavailability and bioequivalence. And obviously approved, have the area under the curve, we need to go forward with a submission should stability be okay. But just to be repetitive, that 25 milligram strength published a few years ago, is exactly one of the strengths we have now. In terms of fixed dose combinations, I don't think we'll lose optionality, because we can make multiple of them and the different ways of providing that, and given that it's, very set strength. And then you know, for parsaclisib for example, they may only be two doses that would be needed. So you'd have the dose that's approved and then a reduction dose. So, optionality wouldn't be a problem. I don't think we'd lose any ability for people to titrate dose in any way we're comfortable with where it may hit. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Christine Chiou: Thank you all for the time today and for your questions. IR team will be available throughout the day for any follow up questions you may have. And we look forward to talking to you at investor conferences in the coming weeks. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Incyte First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou. Please go ahead.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on our website. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter of this year, we continued to execute on our strategy to drive further growth and diversification. We entered the year following a strong 2020, where we were able to increase revenue by 24% and achieve multiple regulatory successes including 3 product approvals. We continue to deliver across our portfolio in the first quarter. Our revenues grew 6% year-over-year to reach $605 million, with growth driven by new product launches and royalty revenues of $100 million. Q1, which is typically a quarter impacted by higher gross to net on forward purchasing pattern in the U.S., was further challenged by the ongoing pandemic. Total patients in Jakafi grew year-over-year, and in March, new patient start recovered to pre-COVID level. The launches of both Monjuvi and Pemazyre continued to progress with good uptake from both academic and community physician. Barry will provide additional details in his segment. We made significant progress across the clinical and regulatory landscape with Pemazyre approved in both Europe and Japan, becoming the first internally discovered product to be globally commercialized by Incyte. We also have 3 regulatory application and the operator review at the FDA, as well as 2 applications under review in Europe, potentially increasing our sources of revenue in the near-term. Last month, we presented updated data for RUX cream at the American Academy of Dermatology meeting including the 2-year data from our Phase 2 vitiligo trial and updated pooled result from our Phase 3 TRuE-AD program in atopic dermatitis, with each highlighting the exciting potential of ruxolitinib cream as a treatment for these 2 indications. We also announced with our partner Lilly 2 positive pivotal trials for baricitinib in alopecia areata. If approved, baricitinib could be the first FDA-approved therapy in alopecia areata. Looking ahead over the next 1 to 2 years, we have the potential to undergo a significant transformation here at Incyte with several expansion opportunity at new product and new indications are launched across the U.S., Europe and Japan. This includes RUX cream in atopic dermatitis in vitiligo, ruxolitinib in chronic GVHD, tafasitamab in relapsed/refractory DLBCL in Europe, parsaclisib in multiple types of lymphomas, and QD ruxolitinib in MF, PV and GVHD. As we look at our key business objectives for the year, we have 3 priorities, first, to grow our existing revenue base by driving new patient starts for Jakafi and accelerating the uptake of Monjuvi and Pemazyre; second, to expand upon our revenue base by successfully launching new products and new indication, we expect several regulatory decisions before the end of this year; and third, to continue to progress our late-stage pipeline as well as our earlier stage program. Before I pass the call to Barry, I'd like to now take a minute to speak about our ESG initiative, which we call Global Responsibility, and which was launched in 2019. Between then we have increased our ESG disclosures and improved upon our objective. In this line, we list the few key accomplishments among our 5 priority areas. And I would like to specifically highlight our efforts on the environmental front. In an effort to reduce our environmental impact, we offset 100% of our 2019 measured carbon emissions in the U.S. through verified reforestation carbon credits in partnership with the Arbor Day Foundation. Looking ahead, we have set a goal to achieve carbon neutrality through a combination of absolute reductions and offsets by 2025. With that, I would hand it over to Barry to cover the individual product performance.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Jakafi net sales in the first quarter grew year-over-year to $466 million. As you may recall, first quarter growth in 2020 was 22% year-over-year, due in large part to growth in patient demand, but also to a onetime increase in purchasing due to concerns over COVID-19 restrictions. Our Q1 net sales growth this year was impacted by the pandemic, a higher gross to net and forward purchasing patterns. Patient demand growth of 2.3% in Q1 was softer than normal, due primarily to the decline in new patient start since the beginning of the pandemic. The graph on the right shows monthly new patient starts from 2019 to the end of 2021. In the first quarter last year, new patient starts were higher versus prior year, but then significantly declined in Q2 and Q3 of 2020. This loss of new patients impacts total patient growth in subsequent quarters and explains part of the slow growth in Q1 of this year. We are seeing a gradual return of cancer patients to oncologist offices. And as you can see by following the red lines new patient starts are now at pre-COVID levels. So due to patients returning for their treatments, our representatives being able to have face-to-face meetings with oncologists, our improved gross-to-net for the rest of the year and our anticipated launch in chronic GVHD, we expect strong growth in the second half of this year. Therefore, we are very confident in our full-year outlook for Jakafi and are reaffirming our guidance of $2.125 billion to $2.2 billion. Turning now to Slide 10, the launch of Pemazyre continues to perform well and has exceeded our initial expectations. And we continue to see an increasing use in the second-line setting. Since launch, the rapid adoption of FGFR2+ testing by oncologists has facilitated the identification of appropriate patients for treatment with Pemazyre, and as a result, we see a continuous flow of new patients. We lunched Monjuvi with our partner, MorphoSys, in the third quarter of last year. And our teams demonstrated their ability to launch an injectable drug in a difficult environment. Our field teams continue to generate awareness amongst physicians of the strong efficacy and safety profile of Monjuvi and we have maintained a leading share of voice, near 50%. We are seeing encouraging growth in the number of purchasing accounts which has risen by over 25% since Q4 of 2020, to over 500 at the end of March. Looking ahead, we expect an acceleration in the adoption of Monjuvi in the second half of this year as oncology offices reopen, patients' diagnosis and treatment rates normalize, and our field teams are able to fully educate oncologists on the benefits of Monjuvi with in-person meetings. Our focus now and going forward is on continuing to grow our market share in the second-line setting, so more patients can benefit from Monjuvi earlier in their treatment plan. Additionally, at ASCO in June, we'll be presenting important 3-year follow-up data from the L-MIND trial, which will provide additional insights into the use of Monjuvi and LEN in patients with relapsed/refractory diffuse-large B-cell lymphoma. Turning our attention now to ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis, we recently conducted a survey of key external experts and payers assessing their perspective of ruxolitinib cream. Physicians and payers perceived ruxolitinib cream to be differentiated from other topicals and systemic therapies from both a safety and efficacy standpoint, and noted improvements in itch as the most impactful for both physicians and patients. In a separate survey of nearly 300 dermatologists results show that ruxolitinib cream has a significant opportunity to address a large unmet medical need in the treatment of atopic dermatitis and that physicians have a high willingness to prescribe. Our dermatology field force is fully assembled and we are ready for rapid launch upon approval. Turning to Slide 13, earlier this year, the FDA hosted a vitiligo panel in which patients living with a disease spoke on various subjects, including how vitiligo has impacted their quality of life and the lengths to which they go to seek treatment, again, highlighting the need for novel and effective therapies such as ruxolitinib cream. I'll now turn the call over to Steven for clinical update.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Starting with ruxolitinib cream, over the past year, we have presented data from the TRuE-AD program highlighting the safety and efficacy of ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis. At the American Academy of Dermatology Conference in April, we presented additional pooled analysis from the 2 Phase 3 studies demonstrating ruxolitinib creams impact on efficacy metrics, such as itch, sleep, and other quality of life measures across multiple subgroups. In patients living with atopic dermatitis, the cycle of itching and scratching can lead to infections or disruptions in sleep. And these results further highlight the potential for ruxolitinib cream to become an important therapeutic option for these patients. Turning to Slide 16. We previously showed at EADV in 2019, Phase 2 results for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo at 52 weeks. At AAD this year, we presented updated 104-week data from the Phase 2 vitiligo program showing treatment with ruxolitinib cream produce substantial repigmentation of vitiligo lesions through 104 weeks of treatment. Nearly 3 quarters of patients who received ruxolitinib cream 1.5% BID for 104 weeks to achieve the facial-VASI75, and nearly 60%, achieved 90% clearance of vitiligo lesions on a face by week-104. There were no treatment related serious adverse events reported and ruxolitinib cream was well tolerated throughout. We are excited by the potential of ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo and look forward to sharing with you the results of the Phase 3 TRuE-V program which should read out in the second quarter. On Slide 17, a reminder of the broad clinical development program for tafasitamab in combination with other therapies, including our PI3K-delta inhibitor parsaclisib across several non-Hodgkin's lymphomas in both the first-line and relapsed or refractory settings. inMIND, a pivotal trial, evaluating tafasitamab plus R-squared in relapsed follicular lymphoma is ongoing and we expect to initiate another pivotal trial frontMIND in first-line diffuse-large B-cell lymphoma in the second quarter. topMIND, our proof-of-concept study of tafasitamab in combination with parsaclisib is expected to initiating 2021 and our proof-of-concept study in collaboration with Xencor is expected to start later this year. Turing to the next slide. We continue to progress our LIMBER development program. Once-daily ruxolitinib data is in-house, and we expect data release and upcoming medical conference followed by an NDA submission early next year. Our parsaclisib plus ruxolitinib combination trials are progressing. And our BET and ALK2 monotherapy dose escalation trials are ongoing with planned initiation of combinations in the second half of this year. On the right side of the slide, our results from turpentine-induced anemia mouse model. Turpentine was used to elicit an inflammatory response, which acutely increase the levels of hepicidin production and thus anemia. As can be seen in the chart, anemia developed in mice injected with turpentine, and when given in conjunction with ruxolitinib hemoglobin levels were further reduced. The pink data on the right side showed that ALK2 treated mice when given with ruxolitinib a less severe anemia, as demonstrated by the improved hemoglobin levels. In closing, we have made significant progress within our key development programs in the past year, and we expect another busy year for Incyte with multiple potential approvals and regulatory submissions throughout the year. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our total product and royalty revenues for the quarter were $605 million representing a 6% increase over the first quarter of 2020. Total product and royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $466 million for Jakafi, $26 million for Iclusig, and $13 million for Pemazyre; royalties from Novartis of $66 million for Jakavi and $2 million for Tabrecta, and royalties from Lilly of $32 million for Olumiant. Jakafi net product revenues in the first quarter of 2021 were impacted by the declining new patient starts since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic forward purchasing in the first quarter of 2020 in advance of the annual resetting of co-pay obligations and the typical higher growth to net adjustment in the first quarter, compared to the other quarters during the year due to the impact of the Medicare Part D coverage gap or donut hole. The 1% year-over-year growth in Jakafi net product sales also reflects the higher patient demand and forward purchasing late in the first quarter of 2020 driven by concerns that the COVID-19 pandemic could cause potential supply disruption. The decrease in Iclusig net sales in the first quarter of 2021 from the prior year quarter also reflects the impact of COVID-related forward purchasing in the prior year partially offset by positive currency effects. Despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on patient demand, we remain confident in the outlook for the year, and our ability to continue to grow revenues through our existing products and new product launches like Pemazyre and Tabrecta. Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis, ongoing R&D expenses of $295 million for the first quarter increased 6% from the prior year period, primarily due to cost to support the continued progression of our pipeline programs. Total R&D expense for the first quarter of $307 million decreased 72% from the prior year quarter, which included the upfront consideration of $805 million for our collaborative agreement with MorphoSys. Our ongoing SG&A expense for the quarter of $141 million increased 27% from the prior year quarter, primarily due to our investments related to the establishment of the new dermatology commercial organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the potential launch of ruxolitinib cream for atopic dermatitis, as well as the timing of certain expenses. Total SG&A expense for the first quarter of $154 million includes a $13 million reserve related to a settlement in principle in connection with the December 2018 civil investigative demand from the U.S. Department of Justice. Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $10 million, which represents our 50% share of the $20 million U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. This is comprised of total net product revenues of $15.5 million and total operating expenses including COGS and SG&A expenses of $35.5 million. Finally, our financial position continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion in cash and marketable securities. Moving on to our guidance for 2021, we are reiterating our revenue, COGS, R&D and SG&A guidance for the year. We remain confident in our full year guidance for Jakafi based on the recent recovery of new patient starts and the potential approval later this year in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Now, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and thanks for the slides. Barry, you gave a lot of detail on Jakafi, new patient starts and the trends there, and kind of why you have confidence that things are going to improve through the rest of the year. Can you give a little bit more color on the Monjuvi side of things and why you're so confident? It would seem that DLBCL would be a little less susceptible to kind of pushing off appointments, diagnoses and starting therapy than some of the indications Jakafi has.
Barry Flannelly: Thanks for the question, Mark. Yeah, so, in diffuse-large B-cell lymphoma, obviously, these patients are sick. They need to get therapies. Nevertheless, we know that from claims data that patient visits are down by about 10%. Nevertheless, our reason that we're optimistic about Monjuvi is because Monjuvi-LEN combination is a very good combination. Every time we talk to oncologist, hematologist, they're very excited when they see the profile. Our challenge is to continue to educate healthcare professionals, hematologists, oncologists specifically about the benefits that Monjuvi-LEN combination gives. You can see the 2-year update and the duration of response just keeps getting better at 34 months. We'll have an update at ASCO for a 3-year follow-up of the L-MIND data. Again, the safety and efficacy are there. I just don't think because of the pandemic we hadn't been able to educate to get in front of treaters of diffuse-large B-cell lymphoma as much as we want to. But now, we know that the offices are opening up again, not fully, but they are opening up again and our field teams will be able to get in front of them and share with them what we think is exciting data for Monjuvi-LEN.
Marc Frahm: And how do you see, there's a new entrant coming into the market as well, just how do you see that playing out?
Barry Flannelly: Well, it's approved in third-line setting. We're the only regimen that's approved in the second line setting. We'll see how Lonca does. We know from feedback from our hematologist, oncologist that the profile that they see from Monjuvi-LEN seems superior to other regimens, possible regimens that they have. We know that other antibody drug conjugates like Lonca have cumulative toxicities, so that could be a problem. The other entrants that are potentially coming all have their own toxicity problems, whether it's fusions or cytokine release syndrome. So we think really the safety and efficacy of Monjuvi-LEN will stand up and will be the first choice in the second-line setting.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to focus mine on RUX cream. You guys will have data coming up soon for vitiligo. And I wanted to get a sense of what data we should expect at the top-line press release and what is the expectation for what should be considered clinically meaningful data? And then, for the atopic dermatitis indication, I just wanted to get a sense of whether you have started any kind of label discussions with the agency. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Tazeen, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. So on RUX cream, as you allude to, we expect both Phase 3 to get the readout during this quarter, this half of the year. We expect it to replicate the Phase 2 data we've seen. You just saw the 104-week update, including the continued repigmentation that's seen over time, especially you saw that facial data, even the 90% rate now getting greater than 60% of patients achieving that. And there is very little spontaneous remissions of vitiligo, as you saw in our data we presented to date, placebo rates are negligible. The studies are large, because to require a safety database not to hit the efficacy numbers. So we have a profile that we've already seen now in Phase 2 with 2-year update that is of enormous benefit to patients should they elect to be treated for it. And then, you couple that with an extremely tolerable safety profile. From an atopic dermatitis point of view, we don't discuss the regulatory interactions. It's gone as expected. We're very comfortable where we sit, and we remain on track for achieving everything we need, hopefully by the PDUFA date. So that's how we're comfortable in that regard. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys, thanks so much for taking my question. So, another question on topical RUX, the feedback from KOLs has had some, I guess, some questions around unknowns around the durability of effects of typical topical AD drugs. And I'm sort of wondering if you could remind us what data you guys have produced or plan to produce that might help improve perceptions around this durability question. And what kind of education is going to be important to ensure that topical RUX is utilized as a chronic rather than a bridge to biologics? And then, just maybe as a corollary to that, I know you don't give sort of a blow by blow of what the ongoing regulatory discussions are, but just bigger picture, just curious, the degree to which the FDA's ongoing safety review of the JAK class, the oral JAKs and atopic ties into the regulatory discussions there, generally speaking. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Brian, it's Steven, thank you. In terms of atopic dermatitis, again, from the data we've already shown publicly on a few occasions, you see, obviously, the effect in terms of Investigator's Global Assessment, Eczema Area Severity Index, being about the best presented to date in mild to moderate atopic dermatitis. But you couple that with the itch response, which is in our view and in our opinion leaders' view outstanding and also occurs rapidly. So you get patients having their dominant symptom resolved pretty quickly, and then, the resolution of the skin effect. In terms of the durability of effect, we expect and we what we've seen is patients treat to remission, and then, sort of go off the drug and then restart it again in terms of when they get recurrence, because it's a chronic condition of the symptoms, including itch or the skin effect. We estimate from the clinical data that we've seen on the study, that somewhere around, 300 to 460 gram tubes a year would be used. But it's hard to see what'll happen in the real setting, because patients won't be in the clinical trial, and obviously, will be managed by physicians in their own effect. But that will give you a sense of the durability of response in that from the clinical trial setting. In terms of - to be repetitive on the labeling and discussions in the FDA review, we just as a rule don't speak about them and refer to the FDA in that regard. But to be repetitive, we are very comfortable where we are with the review, it's progressing well. And again, our goal is to finish this by the PDUFA date. Thanks.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks so much, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So I had 2 on the LIMBER program. First, for once-a-day RUX, you previously mentioned that you expect BA/BE data in the first half of this year. So I wanted to see if that dataset is going to be presented publicly. And regardless of whether it's public or an internal readout, what constitutes success for this dataset? And then, secondly, on LIMBER, it looks like there's a Phase 2 study expected to start soon, evaluating itacitinib as part of the LIMBER program. So I was just wondering if you could speak a bit about the rationale for studying this drug in this setting. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Vikram, hi, it's Steven again. You are correct. So the RUX XR once-daily program has progressed well. It's a relatively preset route in terms of bioequivalence and bioavailability testing of the different tablet strength. We've completed that. We have it in house. And, we follow the FDA guidance on what needs to be achieved comparable to the RUX that's used in the clinic, in terms of area under the curve. There is very strict guidance on what you have to come within to meet that, and we then we have that data in house. Yes, we do expect to have a public presentation of the data this calendar year at an appropriate meeting and forum, and we'll give that to you. The other rate limiting step there is just stability. So once we completed the BA and BE, all those strengths are laid down for 12-month stability. As soon as they're complete, then we expect to proceed with filing very early next year. In what should be about a 10-month review period, we should have an approval if everything goes well, right before the end of 2022, early 2023 sort of time-period if you work that out. But again, to be repetitive, we will present the data publicly to you this year. Itacitinib, it's interesting. So it's a relative JAK1 agent compared to ruxolitinib and to - which is more JAK1/JAK2. And we're trying to leverage that effect in terms of its cytopenias to see if we can have some benefit in myelofibrosis patients, who require a modulation of the effect in terms of less JAK2 and less cytopenias. So it will be tested in a Phase 2 setting there for the appropriate patients to see if we achieve proof-of-concept with this drug. Just let me remind you, it has ongoing work in multiple other settings, including cytokine release syndrome, including bronchiolitis obliterans, and including some other work as well in inflammation and autoimmunity. So that's not the only program that's being used for. Thanks. Sorry, also I should mention ongoing chronic GVHD work, where we're doing some dose ranging work, which we'll get data in towards the end of this calendar year. Thanks.
Vikram Purohit: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Leerink. Your line is now live.
Andrew Berens: Hi, thanks. I also have a question about the LIMBER programs as some of them start to advance. I was wondering if you could give us any qualitative comments about which you're most excited about, and then, I could sneak another one in on Jakafi. Are you seeing any commercial competitive impact in MF?
Steven Stein: I'll start on the LIMBER program, Andy, and then hand it to Barry for your second question. So remember, firstly, it's important to us, LIMBER, I mean, Barry has spoken about RUX, it's enormous benefit to patients, the value it brings to patients, and then to the company and shareholders as well. So this is an internal effort that's cross functional, and appropriately large, directed at many different areas. So you have the once-daily program we just spoke about, and its importance there for once-daily alone, plus optionality potentially on fixed dose combinations with other once-daily down the line, should we decide to do that. Then the second pillar, it's all the combination work and you asked, more specifically, what we may be more excited about versus others, and I'll come back to that in a second. But just to mention, the third pillar of the program, which we more quiet about because it's preclinical, in terms of discovery research work in both MF and P vera, where there are other potential targets, which we may end up pursuing, and Dash in his research endeavors are looking at those plus with various collaborators. Just to come back to that middle tier and the combos, so the RUX parsa program, both registration directed Phase 3s are open. Sites are already been initiated and are screening patients. Just to remind you, there's a sub-optimal setting, where patients have had at least 3 months of ruxolitinib, 8 weeks of stable dose, but are not having sufficient benefit in terms of spleen reduction of symptoms, and are then randomized to continue RUX versus RUX plus parsaclisib in that setting, and that study is open. And then the first-line study of RUX plus parsa versus RUX alone in first-line looking typically at a 24-week spleen volume response of 35% or greater. We also then internally have our BET program, which this half of the year is looking at monotherapy safety, and then we want to initiate combinations with RUX in the second half of this year. Just also to remind you there's not a new drug test, we had it in the clinic a few years ago, we were dosing at multiples of where we were now looking largely at solid tumors and MIC inhibition. So we already have an experience with this compound of 100-plus patients or more in that setting, and we want to keep accelerating that. And then, as I said in my prepared remarks, the third program is the ALK2 program, very little bit of a different mindset, probably works as we illustrated through hepcidin inhibition and ameliorating the anemia, which has a 2-fold effect. It will ameliorate potentially the anemia of myelofibrosis itself plus the ruxolitinib induced anemia. And then not only that should that be successful, that's one of the principal reasons patients discontinue ruxolitinib. So we can ameliorate that you'll get the added benefit of continued RUX use and efficacy thereof. So that's also an exciting program. So I'm not giving you a priority list, because they all have slightly different nuances. The 1 most ahead is obviously parsaclisib in terms of registration studies underway. The other 2 we want to complete the monotherapy and combination safety this year and present data to you next year. I'll hand it to Barry for your second question.
Barry Flannelly: Yeah, so Andrew, so for competition in MF, if the only drug that's approved besides Jakafi is fedratinib from BMS, and it's only being used second-line, if at all, and BMS just reported their earnings and really the drug has been flat since launch, so no. And in fact, we're - one of the reasons we're encouraged as we continue through 2021 is MF patients grew very nicely from Q1 compared to Q4. So patients are coming back to the office, patients are getting treated. New patients are getting started on Jakafi with MF.
Andrew Berens: Great. Thanks for all the color guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Your press release mentions you're advancing or you advanced the 707 JAK1 candidate into a Phase 2 in vitiligo. Can you just talk about the motivation here? What you see is the potential benefit of having this if RUX cream works in this indication, and how you might be able to improve upon it? Or are there commercial considerations to think about to have a different compound? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yeah, Cory, thanks for the question, it's Steven, and thanks for bringing that up. So a 707 is another in-house JAK inhibitor currently being used in hidradenitis suppurativa, also a different profile to RUX maybe, in terms of more relative JAK1 effect versus JAK2, and it's good to bring this up, because there's a spectrum of disease, if you will in vitiligo that goes from mild-to-moderate to much more severe patients were in the latter setting in the most severe, there may be more of a tolerance both from a patient point of view and regulator point of view for a different risk benefit profile, and need for a, quote unquote, more potent effect should this work. So the idea here would be to get we think JAK inhibition or we know from the cream is a really effective therapy, and I just showed you in my prepared remarks, a 104-week data. But, perhaps, [within RO] [ph] having a different profile and potentially a more potent effect with albeit a different risk benefit profile is worth testing. And that - in that way, we would look after vitiligo as an entity incompleteness in a more holistic manner, and be able to offer patients both a topical treatment for their illness, and then also potentially an oral treatment for more severe settings, and that's the idea behind that.
Cory Kasimov: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. On the RUX cream, could you just talk about the progress on the salesforce build out here and potential pricing strategies and updates on payer discussions? And then, separately, just thoughts on given what we're seeing here with competitor, JAKs on the regulatory front, and read through for your class?
Barry Flannelly: Thanks, Salveen. So - on the salesforce, so I think, what we said up front was that the derm team, whether it's medical affairs, sales, market access is complete. So they're all on board. They're being trained. Some have already been trained already. The medical affairs team has been working for a long time now on having their discussions with external experts, learning more about their preferences. As far as the price goes - we don't talk about price at this point. But we have had ongoing meaningful discussions with payers, including the top 3 PBMs that cover 80% of the lives in the United States. They've been very productive. They've been very interested and impressed by the clinical data that's been presented to them from the TRuE-AD 1 and 2 studies. So, we're very encouraged about that. The oral JAK inhibitors, obviously, they've been delayed. But we think the advantage of a topical JAK inhibitor like ruxolitinib cream with the profile that it has in all atopic dermatitis patients is really an advantage for us, because of the safety and, of course, the excellent efficacy.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hey, guys, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Perhaps 1 on a parsaclisib, where you are potentially filing for approval later this year as well, I guess, my question is, are you planning to file in all 3 indications simultaneously, what are potential gating factors to filing? And lastly, I guess, how do you think the drug will be positioned in these lymphomas, perhaps, relative to other treatment options? What has the feedback perhaps been from physicians how they might incorporate the drug in the treatment paradigm?
Steven Stein: Yeah, Michael, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So, again, the datasets with parsaclisib in non-Hodgkin's lymphomas are in 3 different entities: follicular lymphoma relapsed/refractory; marginal zone lymphoma relapsed/refractory; and mantle cell lymphoma relapsed/refractory. We've updated at a few meetings now, the independently reviewed response rates, which are extremely robust and durable, and albeit in single arm studies with long progression free survival. So we really like the efficacy profile of the compound, and then the tolerability with the second generation delta inhibitors now largely dialing out deliver effect and then acceptable profile, in terms of the other effects you see with delta inhibitors. So the intent in the U.S. is to file all 3 indications in follicular, marginal zone and mantle cell lymphoma, together. We still are working out the filing approaches in the other regions we operate in Europe and Japan. But we feel that it has a competitive profile there as well. There's no other gating effect, it was merely the requirement to have a year's follow-up on the last responders, which is typical in these settings, and everything's progressing well, on getting that file in the second half of 2021. In terms of how we'll be positioned in lymphomas versus other options, as you indirectly alluded to, it's an area where there's chemotherapy, there's other targeted therapy with BTK inhibitors, Bcl-2 inhibitors, the CAR-T therapies. As early in the call said, antibody drug conjugates as well. And, again, these are not - these datasets are not first one settings, they relapsed/refractory setting, I think, physicians will look at the efficacy and tolerability data on its face, and use it appropriately there. There's a little bit of a cloud over the area now, early on in terms of idea list of data and some of the toxicity seen in combination that needs to be overcome. But now with a few delta inhibitors out there showing really robust data in B-cell lymphomas, different tolerability profiles, physicians getting used to it again, we feel, and we're hearing that people will use it appropriately the datasets. Thanks.
Michael Schmidt: Right. Thank you, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I just want to talk a little bit about how like some of the initial payer work you've done kind of how they think about kind of realizing value between vitiligo and topical - sorry, atopic dermatitis? I just wonder if there's kind of a greater value proposition put on kind of the efficacy that has been seen so far in vitiligo versus AD. Any thoughts you have, there would be appreciated. Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Thanks, Alethia. So for atopic dermatitis, either the payers, the discussions we've had so far, I think, it's the efficacy and safety is compelling. They really think of it is possibility of using a drug from newly diagnosed patients all the way up to biologics. They're always asking about can they delay the use of biologics or systemic therapies. So they're very encouraged by that. In vitiligo, I think that it's an under - they're beginning to understand that it's an autoimmune disease vitiligo is that needs to be treated, and treating with a topical therapy like ruxolitinib cream that will be safe and effective, is the best way to go. Whether one is better than the other in terms of value, it's very difficult to say, I think that ruxolitinib cream is going to be an excellent drug for atopic dermatitis and it's could be life changing for vitiligo.
Alethia Young: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Srikripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities. Your line is now live.
Srikripa Devarakonda: Okay. Thank you so much for taking my question. Staying on dermatology, given that we are so close to the PDUFA date, and you have talked a little bit about your launch preparedness, but I was wondering how soon after a potential approver can patients expect to have access to the drug? What steps does that entail? Finally, once the drug launches, what sort of metrics can we expect you to provide to us? So we can understand and model the launch curve appropriately. Thank you so much.
Barry Flannelly: Thanks, Kripa. So, how soon will they have access to the drug, right away, as soon as we possibly can get it out? It should be just a matter of a few days before it's we're able to ship it out to the wholesalers, and wholesale sellers can ship it out to the pharmacy. So it'll be as rapidly as we possibly can just a matter of days, if not a week. So what metrics can we provide for the curve? So you'll be able to follow the new Rx data and the TRx data on a weekly basis, just like many people do for every prescription drug out there. So you'll see that, we think there'll be a rapid uptake for the drug. Our gross to net may be impacted at the beginning, and it'll continue to improve over time. But we think that the total Rx's and new Rx's will grow week after week, and you'll be able to follow that just like we will.
Srikripa Devarakonda: Great. Thanks. That was helpful. And then if I can sneak in one more question, following up on the LIMBER program, you're doing a Phase 1 trial with your BET inhibitor. What is the bar you have internally for you to take it forward into Phase 2 with the combo? Or are you comfortable enough that you do plan to initiate the Phase 2 combo in second half?
Steven Stein: Hi, Kripa, it's Steven. So the real bar is purely safety in the beginning. And, again, just to be repetitive, we mentioned we had this drug in the clinic a few years ago for quite a bit at multiples of the 4 milligram dose we're now at, we are treating above 10 milligrams, and we withdrew it because of a lack of efficacy in solid tumors, plus a safety profile around thrombocytopenia. We then, watch this field evolve, modeled - did some modeling on the Constellation 610 compound, and worked out that a much lower dose may be effective in myelofibrosis. So we're now using the 4 milligram dose in a Phase 1, just to document that safety, principally an acceptable profile in terms of thrombocytopenia, and then quickly do a smaller number of patients with ruxolitinib again to document the safety aspect. At that juncture, round around the end of this year, early next year, we will have choices to make which we're not there yet, which is what you alluded to how aggressive to be. Do we then have to repeat or want to repeat Phase 2 proof-of-concept work or will we be comfortable enough, given the arena to be more aggressive and go straight to Phase 3 or registration directed studies, and we will make the decision once we see the safety profile of the combination.
Srikripa Devarakonda: Right. Thank you so much. And also whoever made the decision. Thank you so much for playing the Star Wars music during the earnings call, before the earnings call started. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matthew Phipps: Thanks for taking my question. Impressive 104-week vitiligo data shown at the recent AAD meeting, but there was a notable decrease in the valuable patients there are some patients withdrawing from the study, I guess, reasonable, given it a long follow-up. But if you just look at the patients that completed 104, what percentage of those were responders that we could do to just wondering if there's a bias in these response rates at week 104 by patients not responding being the ones that chose to withdraw from study?
Steven Stein: Yeah, Matt, it's Steven. I'll have to get back to you on the second part of your question. I don't have in front of me a match on the 52-week verse 104-week data, but I do want to make some points. So whenever you have a study and you decide to lock a database, you'll just you'll have what's in the database at that time, and there will be by its nature potentially missing data or missing visits, and that's partly what you seen. In addition, and I think you're indirectly alluding to this, when people have that degree of improvement, they may elect for various reasons in the extension phase, not to go on to the extension because they satisfied where they are at the time. These are things we have to work out given the impressive efficacy we see with the drug over time. For me the major message though, is - and there's also, sorry, one more thing I want to say. There is a little bit of a COVID impact on the longer-term study and people, for example, wanting to come back to a clinic for formal visit, when it's not really needed for the primary endpoint. But what - for me, the major message of the study, which is really interesting, in terms of the biology, is you get continued improvement over time. And we think there is a twofold-effect happening there, the melanocytes are repopulating the area, they are present there, plus the T-cell suppression is probably largely gone, and could be long lived. And you've seen this continued improvement over time, which is just fascinating. At least the remaining questions to ask is when you withdraw therapy, how long or durable that is, will treatment be re-needed, et cetera. And all those experiments we will conduct and will be ongoing here at Incyte as we understand this further. But it really somewhat surprised us in a good way to see that even at 2 years later, you're still getting an increase in the rates. But your comment is noted on smaller patient numbers down the pike.
Matthew Phipps: Thank you, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Reni Benjamin: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Let's just focus on pemigatinib for a quick second. Well, can you just talk us through maybe the longer-term strategy and the other indications that you're moving forward with? And any feedback that you might have from sales on how this continues to grow, especially given the competitive environment, is going to continue? And maybe just receiving as a follow-up, the 2 big data points, I guess, I have written down are L-MIND data at ASCO and the BA/BE data for once-daily RUX sometime later this year, is that primarily the main ones? Or are there other key updates that we should keep in mind? Thank you.
Steven Stein: So I'll answer the clinical development part of your questions. Barry will talk about the sales performance question embedded there. So, just to talk about our first indication in second-line cholangiocarcinoma, which as Herv said, is now globally approved in Europe and Japan as well in our first internally discovered global product. And then Barry showed you the excellent uptake on the launch so far in a rare entity. However, again, in a good way, given now there are other targets beyond FGFR2 like IDH, more and more of these patients are getting molecularly profiled, more and more discovering that they're FGFR2 driven. And additionally, there is an awareness now beyond cholangio that one of the most common entities in carcinoma of unknown origin is potentially cholangiocarcinoma. So when that entity gets molecular profiling as FGFR2 driven, there is a feeling that may be cholangiocarcinoma and lend itself to treatment with pemigatinib. Remember, as part of our accelerated approval, we have an ongoing first-line study. So that's critical in terms of lifecycle management. It's against first-line chemotherapy in terms of Gemcitabine and Cisplatin. And if you look in other entities where you have a molecular profile that ends up being an oncogenic driver that drives a particular tumor, so look at melanoma with BRAF, MEK, et cetera, or even lung cancer with EGFR, you see this migration to earlier line settings in terms of a targeted therapy. And that's the idea behind first-line Cholangio, plus, obviously, a very different tolerability profile versus chemotherapy. We have an ongoing large tumor agnostic study that is enrolled well, that looks at not to belabor the molecular side of this, but fusions, rearrangements, amplifications, and then, any other potential driver and there are different buckets there. And there is optionality around that as we gather the data now to either pursue potentially a tumor agnostic setting, if there is a strong-enough signal, or to look at a particular histology or two, where there may be a driver there and then to do standalone work in that setting. So those are very important endeavors to us that we'll be focusing on this year from a clinical development point of view with pemigatinib. We don't think bladder cancer is the way to go, as we've said on prior calls, largely because of how the environment has changed there in terms of treatment paradigms, and the use of EV earlier and earlier plus checkpoint inhibitors. So that's the pemigatinib lifecycle side and Barry will speak about the performance side, just on the data releases that we spoke about. So as Barry said, we'll have the very important 3-year follow up on the L-MIND study with continued results, particularly on duration of response at ASCO. I should have said the bioavailable and bioequivalent data with Ruxolitinib XR, the intent is actually to present it in an appropriate forum or publish in appropriate forum this half of the year. And then, obviously, the idea is also to what - since we have it to also present the vitiligo Phase 3 data, incredibly important for topical RUX. Barry, can you speak about the performance side of pemi?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So, Ren, yeah, so we're very happy with Pemazyre's performance so far. I think when you launch into a tumor type, a disease area, where there is no other therapies, sometimes you actually don't really know how many patients are out there. Steven alluded to carcinoma of unknown primary, some of those patients may in fact be cholangiocarcinoma patients, some of them might have the FGFR2 rearrangement or fusion. So that's what I think we're experiencing is that there might have been more patients than our initial assumption around 800 to 1,000 patients in the United States. And then, the duration of therapy, it turns out to be longer than perhaps we anticipated, both from the study and from our just estimates in the regular patient population. So that's very encouraging that patients are getting therapy, they're getting tested, getting therapy, staying on therapy. And I think that helps us. It's, in fact, we do have competitors in this space in cholangiocarcinoma with FGFR2 alterations, because, one, it's nice to launch first. And then it's nice to launch with an excellent drug, like Pemazyre. So we're all prepared for any competition, but we still think that patients will ultimately benefit from starting a drug like Pemazyre with its efficacy, safety, and duration of therapy that we can offer.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. I'm curious about your priorities for business development this year. And specifically, could you comment on any plans to seek a commercialization partner for topical RUX in Europe? Thank you.
Christiana Stamoulis: So in terms of the BD priorities, first of all, for us, the objectives have not changed from what we have discussed in the past. So we continue to look for assets that could contribute to growth and diversification in the mid-20s plus timeframe, and where we could leverage our expertise, our existing infrastructure to develop and commercialize them. So this has remained the same. In terms of RUX cream in Europe, as we have indicated in the past, we are in the process of determining what is the best way forward there. Also, from a timing point of view, we are going to wait for vitiligo data before we file for regulatory approval. And therefore, we have a little bit more time before we finalize our decision. So we should be finalizing it in the next few months and we can follow up on that at that point.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Christine Chiou: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We'll be available for questions following this call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Fourth Quarter Year End 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session. During the question-and-answer session, I ask that you limit yourself to one question, and if needed one follow-up. This will enable as many of you to ask questions as time allows. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during our call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2021, concluding our financial guidance, the commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So 2020 was a year of strong growth for product commercialized by Incyte and thus commercialized by our collaboration partners. Total product and royalty revenues grew 18% fueled by continued growth demand for Jakafi, which grew 15% year-over-year. And revenue from other hematology and oncology product was up 46% versus the prior year benefiting from a strong launch of Pemazyre and good performance from Iclusig. The launch of Monjuvi is progressing well as we continue to observe market share gains. Royalties were up 28% to nearly $400 million, with Jakafi up 23%, Olumiant up 38%, and the launch of Tabrecta now contributing to our royalty revenues. We also received over $200 million in milestone payments during 2020, resulting in an increase of 24% in total revenues year-over-year. Turning to Slide 5. In 2020, we presented positive data from several pivotal trials and submitted several regulatory filings, and we expect to have decision on all of these during this year. These decisions include the potential FDA approval of Jakafi in chronic GVHD, retifanlimab in squamous cell anal carcinoma, tafasitamab in DLBCL in Europe, and pemigatinib for cholangiocarcinoma in Japan and Europe, where we recently obtained the positive CHMP opinion. Were also just a few months away from the potential approval of ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis and the expected sNDA submission for vitiligo. I will now pass the call over to Barry for additional details on product performance as well as our commercial preparation for the launch of ruxolitinib cream.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Jakafi performance was excellent in 2020 with revenues growing over $250 million to reach $1.940 billion. The demand for Jakafi remains high with the total number of patients being treated, continuing to grow across all three indications. We are also encouraged by the partial recovery of new patient starts in the third and fourth quarter of 2020. For 2021, we expect strong Jakafi growth as we reach a normalization of oncology visits with a broader availability of COVID-19 vaccines. The potential approval of Jakafi in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD would represent its fourth indication and an additional important growth driver. The range of Jakafi guidance we have provided today for 2021, up $2.125 billion to $2.200 billion reflects the ongoing impact of COVID-19, especially in the first half of the year, as well as the expected increase in the gross to net adjustment with the largest impact coming in the first quarter. Turning to Slide 8. The launch of Pemazyre has gone quite well, as we have been able to capitalize on our relationships and experience in oncology. Since launch, over 300 physicians have prescribed Pemazyre. As expected, community-based oncologists are driving adoption and testing patients for FGFR2 alterations is going smoothly. Given the refill rate, we know that appropriate patients are being identified and are being treated with Pemazyre. And it is very gratifying to know that we have been able to bring this much needed therapy to a previously underserved patient population. The launch of Monjuvi is progressing well. Sales in the fourth quarter reached $17 million versus $5 million in Q3. We believe the strong safety and efficacy profile of Monjuvi is resonating with physicians, and as expected, we are seeing good utilization in the community setting. Since our Q3 update, the number of accounts purchasing Monjuvi has more than doubled to over 400. And we're also seeing good uptick from the vast majority of our top 100 key accounts. According to market research in BMT and eligible diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patients, the Monjuvi-LEN regimen is the most used treatment in the second-line plus patient population. Turning Slide 10. We submitted the NDA for ruxolitinib cream for atopic dermatitis in December last year, and we expect a regulatory decision in mid-year. There are an estimated 21 million atopic dermatitis patients aged 12 and above in the United States. Of which approximately 5.5 million received prescription therapy today. The number of prescriptions for the treatment of atopic dermatitis has grown significantly in recent years, as new therapies are introduced. However, only approximately 20% of patients report their atopic dermatitis is controlled with their current treatment, highlighting the significant unmet need that currently exists. We expect the initial uptick of ruxolitinib cream to be driven by specialist in medical dermatology and allergy. Our team has identified approximately 11,000 high prescribers who collectively account for approximately 80% of total prescriptions written for the treatment of atopic dermatitis in the U.S. Over the past several months, we have been able to recruit an exceptional team with significant experience in successfully launching dermatology products in the United States. We're expected  we expect a fully recruited field team of 150 FTEs by mid-April, which is optimal to reach these high volume prescribers. I'll now turn the call over to Steven for clinical update.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. In 2020, we made significant progress across our development pipeline as shown on Slide 12. Some highlights include positive results from our pivotal trials of ruxolitinib in chronic graft-versus-host disease, ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis, retifanlimab in squamous cell anal carcinoma and parsaclisib in non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, with each study forming the basis for regulatory submissions in their respective indications. We also announced multiple product approvals, including Pemazyre and Monjuvi in United States, and Tabrecta in United States and Japan, and a new indication for Olumiant in atopic dermatitis in both Europe and Japan. Weve also recently announced the positive CHMP opinion for pemigatinib, a crucial step towards bringing the first targeted therapy to European patients with cholangiocarcinoma. As you can see on Slide 13, we are expecting multiple regulatory actions during 2021 with seven expected approvals and six additional submissions during the year. For ruxolitinib, we expect an FDA decision for Jakafi in chronic graft-versus-host disease. And our partner Novartis is expected to submit Jakavi for acute and chronic graft-versus-host disease in both the EU and Japan during the first half of 2021. Within hematology and oncology, we await an EMA decision for tafasitamab in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and an FDA decision for retifanlimab in squamous cell anal carcinoma. We expect pemigatinib to receive European approval in cholangiocarcinoma following the recent positive CHMP opinion, and we also have a submission under review in Japan. Later this year, we plan to submit an NDA for parsaclisib monotherapy in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma based on the pivotal CITADEL trials. Within dermatology, we expect an FDA decision for ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis in June, and we look to submit an sNDA in vitiligo shortly thereafter, assuming our Phase 3 program in this indication is successful. As you can see, this shaping to be a very eventful and exciting year ahead for Incyte in terms of clinical development and regulatory action. Slide 14 provides a brief overview of the LIMBER clinical development program once-daily ruxolitinib is the furthest along with potential FDA approval before the end of 2022. We have multiple combinations planned and in development with PI3K-delta, BET or ALK2 which we believe have the potential to significantly improve the outcomes for patients living with myelofibrosis. As you can see on the right hand side, we expect the patent protection for many of these novel assets to extend well into the 2030s. Moving to Slide 15, this year with our partner MorphoSys we intend to initiate two Phase 3 trials. frontMIND is expected to enroll approximately 900 patients. And we'll evaluate the combination of tafasitamab plus lenalidomide and R-CHOP versus R-CHOP alone in first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. inMIND is expected to enroll approximately 600 patients and would assess the combination of tafasitamab plus R-squared versus R-squared in patients with relapsed or refractory follicular or marginal zone lymphoma. We also plan on initiating two proof-of-concept trials in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, investigating tafasitamab in combination with our own PI3K-delta inhibitor parsaclisib and in combination with lenalidomide and plamotamab a CD20xCD3 bi-specific antibody. Moving to Slide 16, we recently announced the acceptance under priority review of the BLA for retifanlimab. The BLA was submitted based on the results from POD1UM-202, data from which were shared at the ESMO Congress last year. And the PDUFA date has been set at July 25th. We have also been informed that the FDA expects to convene an advisory committee meeting as part of the review process. The slide also gives me an opportunity to remind you of our development strategy for retifanlimab. The first part of the strategy is to develop retifanlimab as monotherapy in certain niche indications, reaccelerated approvals are available. And other registration-directed trials beyond squamous cell anal carcinoma are ongoing in merkel cell carcinoma and MSI-high endometrial cancer. We also have an ongoing global Phase 3 study in lung cancer, which of course offers a much more substantial potential opportunity. A key part of our development strategies related to the utility of having an in-house PD-1 antibody, which gives us the option to run numerous internal clinical combinations with other assets within our immuno-oncology portfolio, including AXL/MER and adenosine 2A/2B, where there's potential for synergistic activity and enhanced efficacy. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven and good morning everyone. Turning now to our financial results, our fourth quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth with total product royalty revenues of $680 million representing an increase of 17% over the fourth quarter of 2019 and reflecting growth across products commercialized by Incyte and by our partners. Total product royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $517 million for Jakafi, $29 million for Iclusig and $14 million for Pemazyre. Royalties from Novartis of $87 million for Jakafi and $2 million for Tabrecta, and royalties from Eli Lilly of $31 million for Olumiant. For the full year 2020 total product royalty revenues were $2.46 billion, an increase of 18% over 2019. Total revenues for 2020 of $2.67 billion increased 24% over 2019, reflecting the higher product royalty revenues and an increase in milestone payments from our collaborative partners for the achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones. Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis, ongoing R&D expenses of $380 million for the fourth quarter increased 23% from the prior year period due to our 55% share of the global and U.S. specific development costs for tafasitamab and product supply related costs to support the potential launch in 2021 of ruxolitinib cream as a treatment for atopic dermatitis. Ongoing R&D expense for the full year 2020 of point $1.24 billion increased by 10% over 2019, also driven by the impact of our 55% share of tafasitamab development costs and ruxolitinib cream product supply related costs. If the ruxolitinib cream is approved the product supply costs expense in 2020 will ultimately contribute to lower costs of goods sold for a period of time subsequent to the product launch. As a reminder our total R&D expense of $2.2 billion for the full year 2020 includes the upfront consideration of $805 million for our collaborative agreement with MorphoSys and $120 million of expense related to our purchase of an FDA priority review voucher utilized to accelerate the review of ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis. SG&A expense for the fourth quarter of $167 million increased 23% from the prior year period due to the timing of certain expenses. For the full year 2020, SG&A expense grew 10% compared to 2019 driven by an increase in sales and marketing spend to support the commercialization of Pemazyre in the U.S. and to prepare for the potential launch of rux cream in the U.S. Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $12 million, which represents our 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. For the full year 2020, the total collaboration loss was $43 million and it was comprised of total net product revenues of $22 million and total operating expenses, including COGS and SG&A expenses of $107 million. Finally, we ended the year with $1.8 billion in cash and marketable securities. Looking at the evolution of our P&L over the past five years, you can see how the growth in our product and royalty revenues has exceeded the growth in both our ongoing R&D expense and SG&A expense, leading to increased operating leverage, and reflecting our commitment to prudent management of our financial resources. Moving onto 2021, I will now discuss the key components of our 2021 guidance on a GAAP basis. Given the expansion of our commercial portfolio, we are providing 2021 net product revenue guidance for Jakafi and as a total for other Hematology/Oncology products. For Jakafi, we expect net product revenues to be in the range of $2.125 billion to $2.20 billion, which at the midpoint represents approximately 2X% growth over 2020 driven by continued growth across all indications. We expect our gross and net adjustment in 2021 to be approximately 18% with the adjustment in the first quarter of the year being higher relative to the previous quarter and subsequent quarters. For other Hematology/Oncology products, which currently include Iclusig in Europe and Pemazyre in the U.S. we are expecting total net product revenues to be in the range of $145 million to $160 million. As in previous years, we're not providing guidance for milestone or royalty revenues. We are also not providing revenue guidance for any potential new product launches during 2021 or for Monjuvi in the U.S., which was recently launched and which we are commercializing together with our partner MorphoSys. Turning to operating expenses, we expect COGS to range from 6% to 7% of net product revenues. We expect R&D expense to be in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.39 billion representing mid-single digit growth at the midpoint versus 2020, excluding the impact of the MorphoSys upfront consideration and the PRV in 2020. Our SG&A expense guidance includes the investment related to the establishment of the new dermatology commercial organization in the U.S. and the related sales and marketing activities to support the potential launch of ruxolitinib cream for atopic dermatitis. The expansion of our sales and marketing activities in Europe to support the potential launches of pemigatinib for cholangiocarcinoma and tafasitamab for DLBCL and the establishment of a commercial organization in Japan to support the potential launch of pemigatinib for cholangiocarcinoma. As a result in 2021, we expect the GAAP SG&A expense for the year to be in the range of $735 million to $775 million. Excluding the impact of these investments we expect our SG&A expense for 2021 to remain flat compared to 2020. I will now turn the call back to Herv for further discussions of the year ahead.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christiana. Slide 24 provides a list of the important updates we expect in 2021. These include pivotal trial results for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo, as well as the approvals for ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis, retifanlimab in SCAC and Jakafi in chronic GVHD. So before moving into Q&A, I want to take a minute to let you all know that Mike Booth will be leaving Incyte at the end of the month ahead of his planned return to the UK. Mike's role as Head of IR at Incyte will move to Christine Chiou, who joined us in 2019 and who has been working very closely with Mike as part of a planned transition. I want to take this opportunity to thank Mike very much for all of his contribution to Incyte over the past seven years, and we all wish him well in his future endeavors. With that, operator, please give your instruction and open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to touch on the dermatology franchise. And I had two questions for rux cream in advance of the Phase 3 vitiligo data that we're going to be getting over the next couple of months here. So first, could you characterize for us any key differences between the Phase 2 and the Phase 3 patient populations that you're looking at for vitiligo? And then second, how should we think about which portion of the vitiligo patient population that rux cream could be most suitable for? How are you thinking about segmenting this patient population? And where do you think rux cream is going to be most valuable?
Steven Stein: Vikram, hi, its Steven, I'll take your question. In terms of the question on the translatability of the Phase 2 to the Phase 3, given the magnitude of the size of the Phase 2, the geography we conducted it in and the eligibility criteria, we actually expect it to be no differences in population or in outcome. We expect the read in the Phase 3 to be of similar efficacy, magnitude to the Phase 2 and the safety to be the same. I'll just assure, the one nuance on the difference is we in Phase 3 limit the body surface area of vitiligo patients with depigmentation to be up to and including 10%, whereas in the Phase 2 theyre a little more liberal and allowed up to 20%, but that is the only difference. We expect no other differences in outcome and in read-through of the population. In terms of vitiligo itself, it's probably a much more common disease and everybody realizes. If you look at the United States, there's several million sufferers with vitiligo. Not all of them view it as a disease, and not all of them want treatment. But currently given the available therapies, about 100,000 to 150,000 people we estimate, seek different treatments, including steroids, phototherapy which is reimbursed as well, and they're not very effective in terms of ameliorating the disease and improving it, and nothing to the degree we saw in the Phase 2 with topical rux. There's also, as you know, a large psychosocial component to the condition, where people often depress from it as well. So we expect to work in the same population as Phase 2, it will include the majority of sufferers with vitiligo, particularly on the face and hands. And that's the label we'll aim for should the Phase 3 be as positive as we expect it to be. Thanks.
Vikram Purohit: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a few on the ruxolitinib cream launch coming up here as well. Maybe, could you help us understand how far are you with your launch prep in AD, especially when it comes to interactions with payers around pricing and market access? And my follow-up question would be in context of the recent post-marketing safety data emerging from Celgene, so I was wondering how you think this may potentially affect utilization of oral JAK inhibitors more broadly and across indications? And how that might position ruxolitinib cream in AD in that context? Thanks so much.
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Michael, it's Barry, I'll take the first part of your question, and I'll hand it over to Steven for the second part of your question. But as far as the preparation goes for the launch, it's going very well. We started off at Incyte with an excellent clinical development team that's very experienced in dermatology and immunology. We built a medical affairs team in the U.S. that's outstanding and has deep experience in dermatology and immunology. Now we're building out the sales force and we built out an excellent market access team, again, that has deep experience in immunology and dermatology. We have had interactions with payers across the nation with advisory boards and we'll begin the process of negotiations with the payers in the very near future. So we think that launch is  preparation is right on schedule. Steven?
Steven Stein: Yes. Michael, thanks for the question. Given the Celgenes non-inferiority data versus TNF therapy, particularly in RA patients, particularly looking at a venous thromboembolism, malignancy, and then major adverse cardiac events, you asked a question on the read-through to rux itself, and then I guess, potentially to topical rux. We've been with rux on the market since 2011. So we have many, many thousand years of patient exposure, including with our partner, Novartis, as well as long-term follow-up on our clinical trial programs. So let me just talk a little bit about the clinical trial programs. If you look at the COMFORT data in MF, now with five years of follow-up on those studies, there's been no signal for any of those events that are worrying in that particular exposure. In polycythemia vera, the response study, that is a prothrombotic disease, also now have five years of published follow-up, and we've looked across the board at thromboembolic events, cardiac events and malignancies there. And in fact, on the treated arms, the rates are lower in both the primary treated arm, the crossover arm versus the best available therapy arms there. So in keeping as well with our market experience that we're not seeing a signal for any of those events as we asked to on a yearly basis by regulatory authorities. And just remind you, rux cream has no warnings or black box for any of these. Topical rux itself, as we have in two published papers now, one in AD and one in vitiligo, showing that the bioavailability of the cream is about 4% to 7% of that applied, on average about 5%. So  and those are two published papers, one in AD and one in vitiligo. And thus the effective oral exposure there is very small and not at pharmacologically relevant concentrations. So given the parent compound itself not having an issue, rux cream having that sort of bioavailability, and now our safety from those clinical programs, we don't expect any read-through there at the moment.
Michael Schmidt: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I'll stick with the same line of questioning here on rux cream. And Barry, I wanted to follow-up with  around your comments on the pending launch for AD. And just given everything you've said so far, what do you see as the key impediments in this kind of market introduction? And how should we be thinking about the heavy-lifting required here versus perhaps some of that potentially low-hanging fruit you could relatively quickly capture given the data, the mode of administration and the number of patients who just aren't benefiting from existing meds? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Hi , Cory. Well, as far as impediments go, I don't really see very many impediments. We've actually  we think we're really in a very good situation. We think we really can help patients with mild to moderate eczema, atopic dermatitis, from steroids all the way up to Dupixent to biologics. So we think that there is a broad range of patients who will be very happy to use a cream like rux cream as opposed to using systemic therapy that may in fact suppress their immune system in general. So we were very excited about it. We know that in talking to dermatologist across the country that when they look at the data from TRuE AD1 and TRuE AD2, they're very excited. They've never seen anything like this that has targeted  that is a targeted therapy, that's topical, that has biologic like activity. So we think that the safety and efficacy we've demonstrated so far in TRuE AD1 and TRuE AD2 is going to help the uptake and patients throughout the United States.
Cory Kasimov: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kripa Devarakonda from Truist. Your line is now live.
Kripa Devarakonda: Hey, guys. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Staying on rux cream, I was wondering what sort of conversations have you had around the NDA that you filed with the FDA following your submissions? Have you had any further conversation? And also can you talk about your strategy for rux cream in pediatric populations? Can we expect it to be similar between atopic derm and vitiligo? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Kripa, hi, it's Stephen. Thanks for your question. We don't talk in detail about any ongoing conversations with regulatory authorities. But I will tell you as we've said publicly, the submission went in successfully in December. We utilized a priority review voucher that will give us a six-month review and we expect an action in the middle of the year on that. Given that it's now early February, it's still early days of that submission and review, and it's going exactly as expected, as in 12 years and above, the TRuE ADs studies, which covers the majority of the population Barry was talking about with atopic dermatitis. However, there is a population that is younger, that does also have atopic dermatitis, and we have a commitment to continue to study that. We have to do more safety enabling work in the pediatric population to enable those studies to look for example is there any bone effect, et cetera, as you look at young ages, and we've got through those hurdles successfully. And we'll determine this calendar year given that the Phase 2 is successfully completed, what sort of Phase 3s we'll be conducting in conjunction with regulatory authorities to address that population two years and above and conduct those studies. And we'll let you know as soon as we have those studies in place, but it's going well.
Kripa Devarakonda: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. First off, I just want to thank Mike for all his help throughout the years and wish him well at his next endeavors and offer congratulations to Christine. Maybe shifting gears to Monjuvi, I'm curious if you could talk a little bit more about how that's being used in the real world, in particular, where it's fitting in relative to CAR T. And what you may look towards to further the reach in academic settings, where I would imagine cell therapy and investigational treatments like bispecifics are more available. In addition to the community setting, how important that's going to be to continue the current uptake momentum. Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Brian. Well, the uptake of Monjuvi like I said is going very well in the second-line plus patient population, like any new therapy that launches, you end up starting in later line therapies, third- and fourth-line therapy, for example, and we continue to try to move patients  try to move physicians up into the second-line setting because we think that's where the patients will benefit the most. Our uptake at launch was mostly in the academic centers and we do follow the academic centers that actually have CAR T therapies available to them. And we're actually doing very well. Patients who are referred to academic centers for CAR T therapy sometimes I guess they're actually not eligible for CAR T therapy, so then they need another therapy to choose. As we progressed with our launch, more and more of the community oncologist are taking up Monjuvi and that's surpassing number of patients who are being treated in the academic center. But we still have some of the largest centers in the country that are using this regimen of Monjuvi and LEN. As far as bispecifics go, we don't know that that's a problem necessarily yet. And in fact, we think that the safety and efficacy profile of Monjuvi will match up very well to any of the new therapies that might be coming next year. As far as the CAR T therapies go again, physicians will choose their patient population based upon their ability to tolerate the side effects of the CAR T therapies. So generally it might be younger patients who are healthy that they might select for those therapies, but again, that's a limited number of centers around the country. So we think that Monjuvi has a long way to go with treating patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Brian Abrahams: That's really helpful color. Thanks, Barry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
Tyler Van Buren: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just I had another one on Monjuvi. You talked about the successful launch and the uptake in the academic community settings and market share gains. So curious to hear your latest thoughts, and if you believe Monjuvi could be a $1 billion product in the existing indication, or if you need the frontMIND and inMIND studies to be successful. And I noticed that B-MIND wasn't mentioned in the presentation and barely mentioned in the press release. So just curious to hear if that was like a deliberate, a de-prioritization of what's going on there.
Barry Flannelly: So, Tyler, I'll just take the first part of the question, and I hand it over to Steven about B-MIND. But what we said several times in the past is that in the current indication Monjuvi could reach $500 million to $750 million. And well  as we continue to develop more combinations and move up to front-line setting and that's $500 million to $750 million in the U.S. by the way. So anyways, that's where we're at and I'll hand it over to Steven for B-MIND.
Herv Hoppenot: Just a word. If you look at the worldwide sales for Monjuvi in second-line DLBCL, assuming it's $500 million to $750 million in the U.S., it will be around $1 billion or north of that for the world.
Steven Stein: Tyler, hi, its Steven. In terms of your question on B-MIND, it's just that it's an ongoing study. There are no changes to it, and there were no news updates. It's a very relevant study. It's comparing to bendamustine rituximab, which is a regimen used in that particular setting and studying utility then of a CD19 antibody in tafasitamab there. We hopefully will have data on that study if the events track as expected in 2022, but its just that it had nothing new to report.
Tyler Van Buren: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And also Mike, congrats on being one of the greatest IRs out there in the biotech field and keeping us on track. I did want to ask two questions. One, just about your thoughts on your PI3 kinase with the approval of TG Therapeutics yesterday, and how do you think about positioning in that market after them? And then also I just wanted to get kind of your perspective on the adenosine access to the CD73, PD-1 combination. Is that something that you would use in non-small cell as a potential option? Or how do you think about like non-small cell combinations with your PD-1? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Alethia, hi, it's Steven, thanks for the question. I think the umbralisib approval from TG Therapeutics is good for patients. Obviously, we are believers in the PI3 kinase delta clause. We think it has somewhat of an unfair overhang from idealists years ago and that many have now addressed many of the untoward side effects. So we viewed that as a positive outcome. It doesn't in any way impact our plans in terms of where we go with the CITADEL studies and the filings this year, hopefully in follicular marginal and mantle cell lymphoma. If you look on the face of it, with many, many caveats on cross trial comparisons, but independently reviewed activity in all those indications, follicular marginal and mantle cell is higher than that reported with drugs like umbralisib, again with lots of caveats. So we're very encouraged by the efficacy we've seen with parsaclisib, and obviously were proceeding with our plans. Tolerability is important as well. And obviously, we looked at their label and their discontinuations versus ours et cetera. And we, again, think the class has been somewhat unfairly burdened by prior products. We like both our efficacy and safety profile, and we see, again, to be repetitive, no impact. In terms of switching to earlier programs you spoke about adenosine and adenosine targeted compounds, we have one in the clinic already, a small molecule A2A/A2B inhibitor, thats open and enrolling that we announced at JPMorgan. We also said we'll be following very shortly with a CD73 antibody that'll inhibit adenosine production higher up in the pathway. And Herv showed in his  that the two together, at least in a preclinical model or synergistic. We also feel that this is potentially an area where you may require a triplet therapy and you'll have to add checkpoint on top of a PD-1. It's too early to say where these will be going. In terms of histology, lung would always be of interest, particularly in lung pain, patients that don't respond to current I-O therapies so that'll remain of interest. I'll just remind you also that both the adenosine program and the CD73 antibody are in-house programs, and we're very proud of them. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. As you approach the rux cream launch, I just wanted to get a little bit more color on how you're thinking about how the gross margin for rux cream will start with atopic derm might differ from the gross margins that you see for Jakafi. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi Tazeen, this is Christiana. In terms of the COGS for the rux cream the guidance that we provided on COGS is 6% to 7% that does reflect rux cream as well. In the near term, as we indicated, we have been billing on the supply of API for rux cream and that would result in COGS being lower as we use up the supply that we have already expensed in 2020, and which was reflected under R&D.
Tazeen Ahmad: Okay. So would you expect that once you have a second indication that COGS would continue to improve?
Christiana Stamoulis: So the COGS that we have  the COGS benefit from the API that we have already expensed will take place over a period of time, starting with the launch, and then obviously we'll go back to more normalized levels. So we'll as we use what has already been expensed, it would be reflected in lower COGS.
Tazeen Ahmad: Okay. And then as it relates to how physicians are viewing rux cream now, just kind of based on you can officially market it, but how are you thinking they understand the difference between rux cream and Eucrisa and where are the benefits of rux cream might be?
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Tazeen this is Barry I'll try to handle it. Well, I think, as I said before, that the physicians we've spoken to, and there's many across the country, all the dermatologists see the TRuE-AD1 and TRuE-AD2 data as really something unique. They really like dermatologists really like using topical therapy and they see this as the most effective topical therapy that they've seen ever. So Eucrisa had some disadvantages to it when it launched, certainly it actually burns on application and it doesn't seem to be that effective. The side effect profile is pretty good, but I think physicians, dermatologists have turned away from it and they're very excited about what they see so far from rux cream.
Tazeen Ahmad: And so Barry, if it does get approved. Do you think that it would have a steep uptake or do you think there still would need to be some physician education initially?
Barry Flannelly: Well, there's always physician education that's necessary as well as perhaps patient education, but we think that the uptake is going to be go very well.
Tazeen Ahmad: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. Could you remind us where the QD formulation of Jakafi study stands from the LIMBER initiative? And then Herv, if you could just give us your kind of updated thoughts on business development strategy as you look to 2021 and beyond. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Salveen, hi its Steven I'll start. The once-daily formulation of ruxolitinib continues to go well. The bioavailability and bioequivalence work is being completed. Were now in stability and we need 12 months of stability to complete to then put the submission in. We would expect a 10-month review from that and thus expect an approval before the end of 2022 if everything goes smoothly. We are within everything expected in terms of the strict guidance required on BA/BE. So we're hopeful this will be a successful submission.
Herv Hoppenot: So, Salveen regarding BD. In fact looking at what we did this year in 2020 last year, is a good way maybe to see what we are  how we are approaching the BD strategies. We had the deal like MorphoSys where it was very complimentary with our portfolio. You can see, we have combinations that we are doing now with parsaclisib. There are a lot of synergies on the commercial side, both in Europe and in the U.S. So if there are opportunities looking like that, I think it would certainly be interesting to us to continue to grow our revenue line and to diversify. So that would be one aspect. We also did a technology deal with a company called Cellenkos and that was about myelofibrosis. So you can imagine also that we are looking at opportunities that we'll be adding to our internal portfolio as part of the LIMBER program. And in general, the way we are thinking about it is, if products that could be available, that would be fitting with our hematology/oncology portfolio that would be the priority. And if there were opportunities that are also providing additional revenue to our dermatology team in the U.S., it could be also some things that we look, but mostly on the different timelines as we will be launching first atopic dermatitis this year, and then vitiligo next year. So there is no urgency to add to that in the short term. So I would say in the short-term hematology/oncology maybe over a longer period of time, we could be looking at immuno-dermatology and the type of assets we are looking at products that wed be launching between 2023 and 2026.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Yes. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just a follow-up perhaps on rux cream. And just trying to understand a little bit around the dynamics of launches, is most derm products are associated with some type of support, couponing program and the like, and so I'm curious as to what your thoughts are on that? And also one of the areas that the company hasn't touched on in a while is Jakafi in PV and some of the efforts pre-COVID to enhance that patient population. I'm wondering if you could touch on that as well.
Steven Stein: Yes. Mara, I'll try to answer both of those on rux cream and then on Jakafi in PV. So you know, we have plans in place just like many products that you see, particularly in dermatology, but throughout the United States, we newly launched products where we're going to ensure that when a dermatologist, when the physician prescribes rux cream, that it's as easy as possible for the patient to obtain it. So that begins first with market access, working with PBMs and payers to make sure that there's as few restrictions as possible, as few prior approvals as possible. And then once we get to the pharmacy counter to be able to help the patients with their co-pays and deductibles through, as you say, a couponing program, or other ways for us to manage that. As far as Jakafi goes, Jakafi continues  Jakafi in PV goes, Jakafi continues to grow in PV, faster than it does and MF. And even though MF continues to grow the total number of patients continues to grow. I suppose our biggest activity that we're doing in PV well is, first talking about the long-term follow-up of the response studies, which are very, very important over time. The data just continued to get more impressive and looked better. But also we had our  we had our disease awareness campaigns around polycythemia vera and the number of patients who are suffering because of the symptoms that they undergo when they're getting PV. So we're very encouraged about the future of Jakafi in polycythemia vera as well as our other indications, but as you indicated it's a pressing need for those patients to make sure that they have the most effective therapy to take care of their symptoms and their hematocrit.
Mara Goldstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Mark Frahm: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and let me offer my congratulation also to Mike to the next step in his career. Maybe Barry, with vitiligo and your comments and Steven's comments, there certainly are people who do get reimbursed today for off-label use of various products. But we also hear from consultants that a number of plans, consider this to be a cosmetic indication, I guess, what's your sense as to what percent of the relevant population already has this kind of covered and recognized by their plan as a true medical in a reimbursable condition. And then kind of what efforts do you need to do between now and launch to grow that number?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. I can tell you what number are currently covered for therapies because there arent very many therapies, Steven talked about phototherapy that's one way, other topical therapies may or may not be reimbursed, but I think it's, Steven talked about the millions of patients in the United States, somewhere between 2 million and 4 million patients that have vitiligo, but maybe only 150,000 to 200,000 patients are seeking therapy. And that's because in fact, there aren't very many effective therapies. We do have to continue to educate both payers. I don't think we really have to educate dermatologists very much. Dermatologists know that this is an autoimmune disease that drastically impacts patient's lives. So having a therapy like rux cream for vitiligo, we think can greatly enhance the quality of life for those patients. And it's essential upon us to educate payers that this is not a committed cosmetic issue that it is an autoimmune disease and the responsible thing is actually to pay for it
Mark Frahm: Are there kind of similar launches have happened historically that you'd point to that kind of face the same type of dynamic.
Barry Flannelly: Well, that comes to mind. So, I think there's lots of diseases that we come across that haven't had payers wanting to pick it up, you might even say eczema, for example, when older products were launching, they might've thought that this is something that's not important, but in fact it impacts patient's lives very much, where they don't want to go out of the house and where they're suffering not just itching and staying awake at night, but of course even bleeding and infections so that's one example. I'm sure there's many other examples elsewhere. Education of payers and prescribers is very important, and we think that is vitiligo, but we think that we can manage to overcome that hurdle.
Mark Frahm: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from Credit Suisse. Your line is live.
Evan Seigerman: Hi all. Thank you for taking my question. I just want to quick shout out to Mike for everything over the past couple of years, you will be missed. So I wanted to ask on the LIMBER program. While it might be early, can you characterize kind of maybe some demand or feedback you've gotten on the QD rux option among both physicians and patients? And what do physicians really want to see from this QD formulation in terms of advocacy to potentially switch patients from the current Jakafi?
Steven Stein: Okay. Evan. Hi. Thank you. It's Steven I'll start. Others may want to add comments. The LIMBER program itself is an umbrella as numerous pillars. The formulation work was one of the pillars. Obviously, once-daily has potential compliance improvement over twice-daily, although in oncology people tend to do very well with twice daily, but that was one of the efforts behind it for those people who would potentially benefit from that. Additionally it does give us down the line very important optionality on fixed-dose combinations. Should we develop, for example PI3K-delta, BET or ALK2 as a once-daily, it could lend itself to be combined with a once-daily ruxolitinib in one FTC. So that would be really, really important from that. After we pursue the 505(B) route through bioavailability and bioequivalence, finished the stability file, and hopefully have it approved at the end of 2022. We could look at things that may be slight differences in the clinical profile of the once-daily, for example, just by its very nature from a pharmacokinetic point of view, it'll have a lower peak, a lower Cmax. If that is one of the causes of anemia from the drug, which we think it is, it may tend to have a lower rate of anemia with the once-daily, which would be a benefit in MF patients because that's one of the reasons they discontinue and then allow patients to stay on drugs longer. And as a direct result, actually enhance efficacy as well. So there are lots of aspects to the program, its step wise. It's about getting approval first which may lend itself to compliance, optionality on fixed dose combinations and potentially an upside on ameliorating anemia.
Evan Seigerman: Thanks. Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for two more questions. Our next question is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP securities. Your line is now live.
Ren Benjamin: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Congratulations on an amazing quarter. Great guidance and congrats Mike as well. Maybe just starting off the LIMBER program, this is probably for Steven. Can you just talk a little bit about these two Phase 3 trials that are ongoing, maybe the timing as to when we might see readouts and how the optimal dosing was determined for both rux and parsaclisib. And maybe just as a follow-up, already mentioned fallen cost, I'm just kind of curious, what was the rationale to lead to this collaboration? Is there an unmet need that this collaboration seeks to address, or is it more just trying to find a best response rate in MPNs?
Steven Stein: Yes, Ren, its Steven, thanks for your questions. So, again back to the LIMBER program we just spoke about in the prior question about the first pillar around formulation work. The second pillar is around important combination work with combinations that either enhance efficacy or enhance safety like the ALK2, or both because if you are with ameliorate anemia with ALK2 and you can stay on rux. The delta program that you alluded to has two very important Phase 3s that are open site initiations ongoing now. One is a suboptimal setting for patients who have had at least three months of ruxolitinib, but have not had an adequate response in terms of spleen or symptom control. And then in a randomized to rux plus delta in that setting, PI3K-delta versus rux alone. The dosing, as because you asked the question specifically is for rux itself, obviously we know optimal dosing and how to titrate based on potential safety issues like thrombocytopenia. The delta dosing came from proof-of-concept work we did in prior patients who had inadequate responses to long-term rux. And that's how we determined that the five milligram was active there as well as had a terrible profile. And that's what we use in both the suboptimal study and the first line study, which are now open and site initiations ongoing. In terms of selling costs, it's a completely new mechanism of action. There's some toxin a small clinical anecdotes, it's umbilical cord derived regulatory T cells that they have a way to enrich for CXCR4 which are then regulatory T cells that would then hone to the bone marrow. And they've shown in a small number of patients who are heavily pretreated, some enticing data of clinical response drop in allele burden and maybe even some fibrosis improvement. It's very early. We like the way the deal structured because we go in with a smaller plant. We finance the proof of concept work, and then we have the option to take it up. And were really  it's exciting, it's an off-the-shelf umbilical cord with a completely new MOA. So that's the drivers behind that one. Thanks.
Ren Benjamin: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hey thanks for taking the question. And thanks to Mike Booth for all his help over the years. Maybe just to continue on the theme of your LIMBER program. I appreciate the progress there and I was wondering if you could provide any details on your BET inhibitor? And what level of incremental benefit for the combination of BET inhibitor plus rux versus rux alone would be clinically meaningful on SVR35 and TSS? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Hey Jay, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So just a reminder, this is not a new compound. It's a compound we had in the clinic years ago. Either we dosed more than 100 patients in a very solid tumor mind frame at the time. We were trying to drive MIC inhibition with our BET inhibitor, and we treated, as I said, north of 100 patients. We had adequate inhibition, but we had a lot of on target toxicity in terms of thrombocytopenia and not much efficacy in solid tumors. So, we put that program ourselves on hold or on the shelf, so to speak. And then obviously, the externally, the field evolved CPI-610 showed data as monotherapy in MF patients in second-line setting and then in combination with rux in the first-line setting that we think has an interesting signal. So we reinvigorated our program. It's up and open now for enrollment and the idea is this calendar year, in the first half, hopefully, COVID behaves, but is to get monotherapy safety and then in the second half of this year, get the combination safety with rux with our own BET inhibitor and then potentially go ahead with pivotal studies. You asked how does it differentiate, so we were able with external data to model a completely different dosing scheme from our prior one. We had about one-third to one-quarter of the dose who were in the clinic before. We've looked at the external environment and we think that will weave the therapeutic ratio in terms of effect, because we know it's effective in MF with our own data pre-clinically as well and then not have unacceptable rates of thrombocytopenia. But it's not a different BET inhibitor in any way in terms of targeting otherwise and then we'll make bigger decisions once we have the safety data at the end of this calendar year. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mike for any further or closing comments.
Mike Booth: Thanks Kevin. Thank you all for your time today, for your questions, and also of course, for your kind words. You will be in excellent hands with Christine, I'm sure, and both of us are available for the rest of the day for any follow-up questions. But for now, thank you all very much, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Incyte Corp. Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations at Incyte. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I'm joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session. During the question-and-answer session, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up, as this will enable as many of you to ask questions as time allows. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2020 guidance, the commercialization of our products and the development plans and expectations for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially. Including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. In addition, I would like to caution everyone that the COVID-19 pandemic is an evolving situation, and we may therefore be unable to assess the full effect of governmental, business and social actions and policies and overall economic conditions on our business. Accordingly, it is important to keep in mind that our statements on this webcast speak as of today. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter we saw continued strong growth within our commercial business and we progressed our clinical portfolio on both development and regulatory fronts. Commercial performance across the business was strong. Our product and royalty revenue grew 16% to $621 million, driven by Jakafi as well as an increasing contribution from new product launches and from royalties. Jakafi grew 13% year-over-year to reach $488 million with growth seen across all three indications. Jakavi and Olumiant royalties grew 17% and 32%, respectively, totaling nearly $100 million in revenues for the quarter. There is significant momentum in the first weeks of launch of Monjuvi in the U.S., and I am pleased to say that Pemazyre, which was launched at the end of April, has outperformed our initial expectations. The application seeking approval of tafasitamab in relapsed/refractory DLBCL is under review in Europe. An application seeking approval for pemigatinib in cholangiocarcinoma are under review in both Europe and Japan. It has been a busy quarter for baricitinib development updates. Exciting data were recently presented from the ongoing evaluation of baricitinib in patients with severe alopecia areata, and Lily's development program in this indication includes two Phase 3 trial. If approved, baricitinib may be the first JAK inhibitor to be approved for alopecia areata. And in October, baricitinib became the first oral JAK inhibitor indicated for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, following its approval by the European Commission. This represents a new potential source of revenue for Incyte. And with Lilly, we also announced positive data from the ACTT-2 trial of baricitinib in COVID-19. From our IO portfolio, positive results were presented from our trial evaluated retifanlimab in squamous cell anal carcinoma and from our dermatology portfolio, we share positive preliminary efficacy and safety results for our oral JAK1 inhibitor of 54707 in hidradenitis suppurativa, HS. HS is a chronic skin condition caused by inflammation and infection of the sweat gland. We also presented full results from the Phase 3 TRuE-AD program of ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis. These results are indicative of why we are so excited by the potential of our dermatology portfolio and why we are establishing a new dermatology franchise for Incyte. Incyte has deep expertise in immunology within our drug team, and we have leveraged our cross program knowledge of the JAK-STAT pathway to develop innovative medicines to treat autoimmune disorder. We are now developing science based therapeutics for the medical dermatology community and have multiple first-in-class candidates that we believe can deliver important benefits to patients. Our dedicated dermatology development group continues to execute with precision and speed, as evidenced by the rapid advancement of work stream in recent years, including the successful Phase 3 program in atopic dermatitis and the recent completion of recruitment into the pivotal vitiligo program. We are also building our U.S. commercial organization. The expected acceleration of regulatory timelines through the use of the priority review voucher gives us added momentum here, and I am very pleased to say that we have been able to recruit some exceptional talent as we continue to build our dermatologic team. I will end my introduction by reminding you of the tremendous progress we have made so far in 2020. We have announced multiple positive pipeline developments since the beginning of this year, as shown by the check marks on Slide 6. And looking forward, we have five important update to come over the next 2 months. We expect to submit the NDA for ruxolitinib cream at the end of year and to initiate the first Phase 3 trial in the LIMBER program. Important transitional data from 86550, our oral PD-L1 inhibitor is going to be presented at SITC next week and we are also expecting a busy ASH conference in early December. At ASH, our presentation will include an oral presentation of the REACH3 data ruxolitinib in chronic GVHD, as well as a series of updates from the parsaclisib CITADEL program in several different non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. And we also intend to host an investor call on Monday, the 7th of December, to provide our highlights from the conference. I will now pass the call over to Barry for the commercial overview.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv and good morning, everyone. In the first 9 months of 2020, Jakafi sales increased 17% versus the same period in 2019. And we continue to see good demand for Jakafi across all three indications. The continued strong performance in the year-to-date has enabled us to tighten our sales guidance for Jakafi to a new range of $1.91 billion to $1.94 billion. On the right hand side of the slide, you can see the evolution of the proportion of patients by indication. Myelofibrosis patients still represent the largest portion of patients on Jakafi. The numbers of polycythemia VERA and GVHD patients on Jakafi are increasing and now comprise 33% and 13% of total patients, respectively. Slide 10 provides additional color around new patient growth for Jakafi. The chart on the left shows that over 90% of total patients are ongoing patients from prior periods, and this pool of ongoing patients continues to grow quarter-over-quarter. As we have previously disclosed, new patient starts were down significantly in Q2 this year as we felt the effects of COVID-19 due to total patient visits being down. Following this transient decline in Q2, there was a partial rebound in new patient starts in Q3. Turning now to the Monjuvi launch progress. We are very pleased with the performance of Monjuvi generating $5 million in the first few weeks since launch in mid-August. With our colleagues at MorphoSys, the commercial and medical teams have been driving increased awareness of the benefits of Monjuvi and we are now the market leaders in terms of share of voice. Field activity, participation in educational presentations and inclusion in the NCCN guidelines are all contributing to the increasing awareness of Monjuvi within the Hemonc community. Feedback thus far has been very positive, with physicians highlighting the importance of Monjuvi's depth and duration of response and its favorable safety profile. We have built strong momentum for Monjuvi within both the academic and community settings with greater than 200 accounts having now ordered. We are seeing a sizable uptick by Hemoncs in the community, which now accounts for approximately 65% of total prescribers, a trend that we anticipated. Our market access team have also made significant strides since launch, achieving nearly 90% formulary approvals in our top 30 accounts. Turning to Pemazyre, which we launched in the second quarter. We have been very pleased with the rapid adoption of this new medicine -- this novel medicine with 8 million in sales generated in the third quarter. Broad access to FGFR testing has contributed to this rapid patient adoption. And we have seen good uptake of Pemazyre nationally with over 200 patients treated since launch. A high refill rate also suggests that the appropriate patients are being identified via this testing as they continue on Pemazyre therapy. I'll now turn the call over to Steven Stephen for our clinical updates.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our ruxolitinib cream program. Initial data from the Phase 3 trials presented earlier this year at RAD showed that ruxolitinib cream resulted in significantly higher investigated global assessment treatment success and Eczema Area Severity Index 75 scores for RUX cream versus vehicle. And EADV in October of this year, pooled analysis of the two Phase 3 trials were presented. These pooled results reinforce the efficacy profile of ruxolitinib cream as it relates to IGA-TS, EASI-75 and the rapid, substantial and sustained introduction in patients with atopic dermatitis. Newly presented data at EADV showed that patients on ruxolitinib cream also experienced significantly better sleep quality, sleep depth and restoration. These results further highlight the potential for ruxolitinib cream to become an important treatment option for atopic dermatitis patients. We are on track to submit the NDA in atopic dermatitis at the end of this year and intend to use our priority review voucher, which should accelerate the FDA decision. The priority review voucher is expected to shorten the FDA review period by 4 months. Therefore, we could expect an FDA decision in June next year if all goes according to plan as opposed to October of 2021. Our Phase 3 program for vitiligo is now fully recruited and we expect results in the first half of 2021. Given the accelerated timelines for the use of the priority review voucher, there is also the potential of an acceleration of the vitiligo program, because an earlier decision on the atopic dermatitis NDA may allow for consequently earlier submission of the sNDA for vitiligo. Staying within our dermatology development group, we announced positive initial data for 54707, an oral JAK1 inhibitor in patients with moderate-to-severe hidradenitis suppurativa, which is a chronic skin condition where inflammation and infection near sweat glands can result in painful abscesses, sinus tracts and scarring on the skin. The Phase 2 trial evaluated three doses of 54707 versus placebo, each of which were taken daily for 8 weeks, followed by a 30-day safety follow up. Preliminary efficacy was seen in a reduction in the number of abscess and inflammatory nodules termed AN count, which with results seen as early as week one as well as reductions in skin pain. 54707 well-tolerated with no treatment discontinuations due to treatment emergent adverse events and we have already initiated a larger 200 patient Phase 2b study. We are excited by the global opportunities for tafasitamab, and Slide 17 remind you of our broad development program, which covers several non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in both the first line and the relapsed refractory settings. We have multiple pivotal trials and preparation across various indications, including first line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and in relapsed refractory follicular lymphoma. We also expect to initiate a proof-of-concept trial evaluating tafasitamab in combination with our PI3 kinase delta inhibitor parsaclisib, which the final protocol is in preparation. Turning to our IO portfolio. At ESMO in September this year, we presented Phase 2 results from PODIUM-202, evaluating retifanlimab in squamous cell anal carcinoma. The disease control rate of 49% and median duration of response of 9.5 months were well received. We are opening a Phase 3 trial for retifanlimab in patients with squamous cell anal carcinoma. Slide 18 also remind you of the status of the other indications we are pursuing for retifanlimab as well as the important clinical translational data we will be sharing from 86550, our oral PD-L1 inhibitor, which is to be presented at SITC next week. The translational data are from actual clinical specimens taken during the ongoing trial, and we will be able to share with you the data showing, for example, the degree of PD-L1 inhibition and T cell changes illustrative of immune modulation with 86550. We expect to provide more fulsome clinical safety and efficacy data from this ongoing trial during the next year, and we are also initiating a new Phase 2 trial in patients with treatment nave PD-1 sensitive tumors as we continue to move forward with this important project. I will end my section on our development projects addressing COVID-19. With Lily, we recently announced positive results for baricitinib in ACTT-2 trial in hospitalized COVID-19 patients. In combination with remdesivir, baricitinib reduced time to recovery, improved clinical outcomes and showed a numerical decrease in mortality compared to remdesivir alone. These results were most pronounced in patients receiving oxygen. Based on these data, Lily has submitted baricitinib to the FDA for potential emergency use authorization and regulatory discussions remain ongoing. For ruxolitinib, we recently completed enrollment of the RUX COVID trial, and we expect topline results from this trial by the end of this year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
A - Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to Slide 27 in the back up section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning. Moving to our results for the third quarter. Revenue growth continued to be strong with total product and royalty revenues of $621 million, representing an increase of 16% over the third quarter of 2019. This reflects growth across both product commercialized by Incyte and those commercialized by our partners. Total products and royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $488 million for Jakafi, $26 million Iclusig and $8 million for Pemazyre. Royalties from Novartis of $68 million for Jakavi and $1 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $29 million for Olumiant. Total costs and expenses for the quarter of $559 million on a non-GAAP basis include $120 million related to the purchase of an FDA priority review voucher fully expensed under R&D, which we intend to use to accelerate the FDA review of ruxolitinib cream for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and $21 million of upfront consideration and milestones related to our collaborative agreement. Excluding the impact of these expenses, our total costs and expenses increased 15% over the prior year quarter. Ongoing R&D expense for the quarter was $268 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 7% increase from the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to our 65% share of the global and U.S specific development costs for tafasitamab and the clinical trials of ruxolitinib as a potential therapy for COVID-19 and was partially offset by the timing of other development activities. SG&A expense for the quarter was $106 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing an 18% increase over the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to an increase in commercialization efforts related to Jakafi and Pemazyre, the preparation for the potential commercialization of ruxolitinib cream and the timing of certain expenses. Collaboration loss for the quarter was $50 million, which represents a 50% share of the U.S net commercialization of loss for Monjuvi. The total U.S. net commercialization loss of $30 million for Monjuvi, comprised of total net product revenues of $5 million and total operating expenses, including COGS and SG&A expenses of $35 million. Our financial position continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with $1.7 billion in cash and marketable securities. Moving on to our guidance for 2020, based on the continued strong performance of Jakafi in the first 9 months of the year, we are tightening our Jakafi full year guidance to a range of $1.91 billion to $1.94 billion. This implies net Jakafi revenues of $489 million to $519 million for the fourth quarter of the year. This range reflects some uncertainty associated with a resurgence in COVID-19. We are reiterating our guidance for both R&D and SG&A. As a reminder, the R&D guidance excludes the $805 million up front consideration related to our collaboration with MorphoSys and the $120 million of expense related to the purchase of the FDA priority review voucher. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Q - Cory Kasimov: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, I'll start with the obvious. Barry, can you just talk a little bit more about the real world physician feedback, the field teams getting on Monjuvi since launch. Is there anything that you're particularly surprised or pleased by relative to your prevailing expectations in these admittedly very early days? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. Cory, thanks for the question. It's actually been very good. I participated in a number of advisory boards. Lots of our interactions now are virtual, of course. But I think most physicians, most hematologists would choose Monjuvi as being the preferred second line agent for most of their patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. So we're very happy. We think our trends will continue to grow in the right direction. I think it's going as well as it could possibly go. And even with COVID, for example, the -- our sales representatives and medical representatives in the field have actually been able to communicate and get into their accounts and talk about the benefits that Monjuvi provides.
Cory Kasimov: All right, great to hear. Thanks a lot for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hi guys. Thanks so much for taking my question and congrats on the continued progress. I was wondering if maybe there's a question for both Christiana and Barry. I was wondering if you could speak to the acquisition of the priority review voucher in atopic derm. I guess, how you're -- you were thinking about a potential return on investment in the context of what an initial launch trajectory could look like and the potential pricing strategy there? Thanks.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, this is Christiana. Thank you for the question. So on the priority review voucher, as Steven described, the way it provides us the potential to accelerate the overall timeline to market for RUX cream, both for AD and vitiligo. So for AD, it could shorten the FDA review period by 4 months, from 10 months to 6 months. And then if Ad review is completed earlier than under the normal 10-month period, it gives us the possibility to subsequently submit the vitiligo for a review earlier than we could otherwise do. So using the potential opportunity we see with the RUX cream in both AD and vitiligo, the unmet needs that we see in both indications. Getting RUX cream to market earlier than would otherwise could under the normal timelines -- review timelines, it's something that we say very attractive and was easily supporting the investment we made in the PRB.
Barry Flannelly: And just to add, I think we're completely ready to go as a new dermatology business unit. We're excited about potential of RUX cream will offer to a whole range of patients with mild-to-moderate disease. And as far as pricing and launch trajectory, launch trajectory, we think it's going to be very good. Pricing decisions haven't been made yet.
Brian Abrahams: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Andrea Tan: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. This is Andrea on for Salveen. Maybe another question on the new product launches. Could you speak to what you're seeing with Pemazyre and any initial thoughts on what the drivers of momentum have been that have surpassed your expectations?
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Andrea. Thanks. Barry. The drivers of momentum are simply that this is the first targeted therapy available for patients with the FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements. Really these patients had nothing after second line therapy. So testing has been easier than we expected, next gen sequencing, identifying the right kinds of patients and getting the drug to them at the right time. Patients are not only accessing the drug, but they're staying on the drug, at least for the time being. Obviously, it's very early. But yes we're quite pleased with the number of patients we have and the amount of patients that are coming back for refills.
Mike Booth: Kevin, next question please.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. The next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from Crdit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you so much for taking my question and really congrats on the continued progress. So it's really clear that dermatology is the focus for you now. Can you provide some colors why you opted to invest in build your own dermatology franchise? I know there've been questions about whether or not youre going to do an in-house or partner out. And how large is this kind of commercial force expected to be? Then I have one follow-up there.
Herv Hoppenot: Maybe I'll take that. Herv here.
Evan Seigerman: Thanks, Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: As you know, I mean, we have been sort of following the product. So the product led us into dermatology. Where if you remember, we had studies in our alopecia areata. In fact, that was the first study we did. And then we had the studies in atopic derm and vitiligo. I think what changed our view from finding a partner and getting royalties for this is when we realize the profile of the product in atopic dermatitis is in fact very much superior to what you have available today. And the number of patients is potentially very large. And then we also realized it was probably over the past 2 years, that the benefits we are providing in vitiligo is very unique. Vitiligo is not just a cosmetic issue. It's a life issue, and we can reverse for some patients. It's a disease that is hurting them. So when we came to the quantification of what it meant, we saw this opportunity in the U.S as being very meaningful for our goal of growth and diversification. So that's where we said we could potentially do it our self. We have a team, we are putting in place. I think I described this in the past as 200 people, more or less something of that size. And it's in good shape to being built now over the next 6 months with priority voucher. And I think it's an opportunity for Incyte to have literally a new franchise. It's not changing our attention or taking our attention from cancer and immunology and the methodology is literally a separate team. So there will be two legs now that will be basically driving the growth of Incyte starting in 2021. One of them will be the, we call it IAI immunology, dermatology, and the other one will be cancer. And frankly, there is no real change in our investments or energy that we put behind our cancer hematology portfolio. It's just an addition to what we had before. Now for the rest of the world we are still in a situation where we think we will have partnership for Asia and a large part of the world for the cream. And in Europe, we are looking at what makes the most sense.
Evan Seigerman: One quick follow-up there. Beyond topical RUX, do you expect 54707 to be the next key asset in the franchise?
Steven Stein: Yes. Hi, it's Steven. So as you saw, it's another JAK inhibitor we have in our portfolio. It's relatively JAK1 selective. We are developing it currently in hidradenitis suppurativa. We believe based on research we've done that there remains an unmet need there because the available drugs aren't as effective as patients want them to be. And we're very encouraged by early data, which I showed you in terms of abscess reduction and skin pain relief. So it's an important entity to study with a compound that is clean for that indication. Beyond that, what we do with the compound still needs to be determined.
Herv Hoppenot: Yes, there are additional indication for RUX cream, we are also looking at. So the way we see is that there is a developing portfolios that is evolving, and at the same time, if you look at Eczema and vitiligo, we have two very large opportunities that are just in front of us, where we will have the first-in-class, we'll have the first JAK topical. And in the case of vitiligo it would be the first medicine to be approved for this patient. So there are two very important short-term growth driver. And then there is, obviously, other products that will be or other indications that will be coming subsequently.
Evan Seigerman: Excellent. Thank you so much for the color. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to get some color on what data points we could expect from the CITADEL program at ASH?
Steven Stein: Hi, Tazeen. It's Steven. I think you're asking for a little bit of color granularity on the CITADEL program at ASH. As you can see at a high level the program continues to advance in terms of maturity of data. We have data being presented there as in terms of an oral presentation in marginal zone lymphoma, and then further presentations in terms of mantle cell and follicular lymphoma. And the mantle actually is broken down into different presentations with prior BTK inhibitor and then the lack of prior BTK. In totality, the data continues in our view to be extremely encouraging. The response rates have been maintained over time in the independently reviewed response rates and then keeping with what they should be in those different entities. And then very encouraging is the duration of responses held up and the progression free survival as well. So we are encouraged by the totality of the dataset and this is exactly what we wanted. We wanted to have those response rates and now with further follow-up to be able to show that they're both durable and give you a appreciable median progression-free survival. So we are on track to in the U.S. to submit an NDA, hopefully in the second half of 2021. And that's where we are with that important program for delta in lymphomas. Beyond that delta has other indications we are pursuing. And obviously, in myelofibrosis in combination with ruxolitinib, we start in our Phase 3 there as part of the LIMBER program. And then also just to mention in autoimmunity and inflammation, we also studied it in autoimmune hemolytic anemia. It's a very comprehensive program for a very active compound in our view.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I had one on Monjuvi. With the application now being under review also by European regulators, I was just wondering, if you had any prior interactions with the EMA and what your confidence level is in potential accelerated approval in Europe? There's been a few rejections recently of oncology products based on single arm study.
Steven Stein: Hey, Michael. It's Stephen. Thank you for your question. We correct and we've always prefaced European regulatory discussions on single arm studies has been more difficult. As you just alluded to some recent examples in areas where they've declined, approvals in certain entities. For tafasitamab itself, as Herv even said up front, there -- and then Barry further by the real world experience, there's a -- obviously, a very strong data set to very high complete response rate that median duration of response for the CRS continues to improve. In the update, the CRS was not even reached, but the median for the combined with CRS was 34 months. So we think that represents a very appreciable efficacy combined with a safety profile. That's horrible. Obviously, our job is to convince European regulators of that, given the single arm study and the real-world evidence we have remind to say, there's a discernible treatment effect that's appreciable, and that we'd like you to approve it, given that. And we are in that process now, and all I can tell you is it's going well. I mean, it's marching through the different day, 120 etcetera questions that we need to have, and we'll see how it goes with them. It's hard to give you any further color other than that.
Michael Schmidt: Perfect. Thank you. And then just on first-line, the planned first-line DLBCL regulatory study. Looking at the abstract from First-MIND, it looks like both of the combinations look very safe. Is there anything else that you're looking for in the first-line study before completing your plans for the Phase 3?
Steven Stein: Thank you for pointing that out. So you're right. The abstract is live now for the safety component of First-MIND, which looks at Tafa plus R-CHOP or Tafa len plus R-CHOP. And you're right. Our interpretation is the same as yours. That there's a comparable safety for both. And we've already announced publicly that we go in ahead thus with the Tafa, len R-CHOP combination in the first-line study. And then we're just working at the final details with regulators on size and those sort of things end points, et cetera, but we'll be ready to go soon. And obviously a very important study not only to us, but to the community in terms of first-line diffuse B-cell lymphoma to try and improve the cure rates from R-CHOP.
Michael Schmidt: Great. Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jay Olsen from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Oh, hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I appreciate the comments on the Pemazyre launch. It seems like it's outperforming your expectations. And I was wondering I know you only promoted for cholangiocarcinoma, but are you seeing any spontaneous use in bladder cancer or other tumor types? Thank you.
Steven Stein: That Im not aware of, Jay. We really haven't dug into it all that much. It seems that just about every patient that I'm aware of comes in is for cholangiocarcinoma. Occasionally, we'll get a request for an individual patient for an individual IND for some tumor type or another, but it's very rare.
Jay Olson: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Yes. Just a follow-up on that question. The announcement to discontinue the studies in bladder cancer. [Technical difficulty] the studies that you're looking at for [technical difficulty].
Steven Stein: Mara, hi. It's Steven. Your question was breaking up a little bit, but I think you just wanted some view on our strategy in bladder cancer with our FGFR inhibitor. I think if you step back and you look at how bladder cancer, particularly metastatic bladder cancers evolve in with new datasets with checkpoint inhibitors with EV from Seattle Genetics. Clearly, there's a change now in the treatment paradigms and treatment posts in line therapy in bladder cancer. And what we want to do is, is literally do that. We feel that in conjunction with advisers that our current first-line study does becomes irrelevant given how care standards are changing. And we -- and obviously have stopped recruitment there. And we are relooking at the bladder program in totality, looking at the biology, particularly just to give you some granular detail, given EV's effect in [indiscernible] Express in bladder cancer. We want to ascertain whether if GFR3 on its own is a separate driver in the setting. And if it is, how that will play with our FGFR inhibitors. And we are busy doing that preclinical work to understand the biology right now. This doesn't change our strategy for pemigatinib agnostic program 
Mara Goldstein: Right. Okay.
Steven Stein:  which is recruiting very well, nor in the myeloproliferative neoplasm 8p11. But we feel bladder is evolving enough that we need to step back and understand the biology there.
Mara Goldstein: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And [technical difficulty] coming from George Farmer from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
George Farmer: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Nice to see the rebound in new patient starts with Jakafi after the slowdown due to COVID. Where do you see that going forward? And could you just comment on your progress with Jakafi in chronic GVHD?
Barry Flannelly: Sure, George. I'll take that. So new patient starts have actually especially within the last two weeks even come back to almost pre-COVID levels. So we're happy with that. If you recall, in the first quarter, in fact, our new patient starts, we're extremely pleased with. And until COVID hit, we look like we're going to have a very, very good year. So we're hoping to get back to that number of new patients on each of the indications. Of course, we're looking forward to the approval in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD sometime next year. And we really think that this is going to be a great benefit for patients. We know that there's the prevalent population in chronic GVHD is fairly high compared to the acute steroid-refractory GVHD patients. So we really believe that there's an opportunity for more growth there with the patients longer duration of therapy when you're treated for a chronic GVHD. So we're looking for that approval.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry. Its Steven. Just to add a little bit, you saw the abstracts go live yesterday and the REACH3 is an oral presentation at ASH. And again now a second study, large study randomized study in GVHD, that's positive. So it's a good achievement, obviously for drug -- for the drug and really important for patients. And if you look to the totality of the data in the abstract, it's superior efficacy versus best available therapy with a higher response rate, longer failure free survival and better symptom improvement. What's not in the abstract, but will be presented at the actual median is also a best overall response at any time, just to try give you comparative data to other agents. So it's an important oral presentation at ASH. And as Barry said, our intent is to get the submission in as soon as possible, given that.
George Farmer: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kenneth Atkins from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Kenneth Atkins: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. For your JAK1 inhibitors 707, what do you think you need to show in hidradenitis in the Phase 2b to have a compelling profile there versus standard of care?
Steven Stein: Yes, Kenneth. Hi. It's Steven again. Thank you. So it's a disease as we were outlining in our formal presentation that has a lot of morbidity for patients given this abscess formation in different skin falls on -- in the body. Obviously, TNF inhibitors are licensed and used there with not the efficacy that I think patients fully want. So the idea was here to try given the biology in a relative JAK1 agent to try and get further improvements in abscess formation, sinus tract, et cetera. We use -- so you got to be really careful on what you do cross trial comparisons. Yes, so for this data set, we use what's called an AN count. And we believe thats the best way to measure patient benefits here. But there are other endpoints that are used in other studies. So particularly for TNF this HISCR that's used, which is a greater than 50% reduction in AN count, but no increase in new lesions. So it's a combination thereof in terms of the lesion improvement plus ways of measuring clinical benefit and morbidity on patients. And that's why it's very step wise development. We now go into Phase 2b with a 200 patient study and we are likely to the need, a Phase 3 program to get it across the finish line. But we told repeatedly by people in the area that there remains this unmet needs. Yes. And that's what we're going to try and address in the Phase 2b that we have, enough efficacy to get there in terms of AN count reduction.
Kenneth Atkins: That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Leerink. Your line is now live.
Gang Li: Thank you very much. This is Gang Li for Andrew -- Andy. Just a quick question regarding the atopic -- Jakafi -- atopic Jakafi. So how do you see the opportunity in more severe atopic dermatitis patients [indiscernible]. Do you see that more in combination with other systematic treatment, or it's a monotherapy? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: So thanks Gang Li. So I think there's an absolute -- well, if you look at our studies 281 and 282, you see there's a high proportion of patients with moderate disease. So we think when we look across trials, we could have an opportunity there. But we really think it's going to be the best drug available for patients from the -- from steroids all the way up to biologics. So we think we have a clear opportunity there. If it's going to be used in the future with biologic like Dupixent, for example, we'll have to wait and see. Obviously, Dupixent is often used with topical steroids now because you have to have some local control for particular parts of the skin disease. So it could happen in the future, but that's certainly not our indication. We didn't study patients with severe disease, but we do believe that there's a wide range of patients who will absolutely benefit from RUX cream.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Stephen Willey from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Stephen Willey: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe one for Steven, I guess, how should we just be thinking about the go-forward dosing strategy for parsaclisib in some of these B-cell malignancies subtypes? I know that ASH abstracts kind of highlight a little bit of a response rate delta between the weekly and daily dosing, which I think also appears to be a little bit tumor type and maybe line of therapy dependent. So should we expect that you're going to be pursuing kind of a different dosing strategy in some of these different subtypes, or would you expect to have one that kind of covers the whole gamut of B-cell malignancies?
Steven Stein: It's a good question. And thank you for it because we did spend a little bit of time trying to work out the optimal dose and schedule to get the therapeutic ratio we wanted in terms of the efficacy and safety benefits that we want to do. For the class, it had a bit of a rocky run over the years, starting off with idea less early on, and particularly people were concerned about longer term toxicity and things like colitis. We knew from the get-go the drug is incredibly active. So we wanted to work that out and we spent some time doing it. So where we are now is where we think is the optimal way of doing it. And you'll see in the abstracts the totality of the information. But we start off at a high dose, 20 milligrams daily for the first eight weeks, and the idea there is to maximize efficacy. These patients when they respond, they respond early and quickly. So the vast majority, if not all of the responses happen in that time period. And then we stepped back and we looked at after that weekly maintenance versus daily. And again, look at both retention of efficacy then as well as safety. And it turns out thats best for us is afterwards to switch to the daily dosing and not the weekly maintenance. So if you look at the totality of the data there, you retain efficacy, we are getting the durability of response in PFS, we want -- but we've also been able to tone down some of the toxicity with that regimen. So I think going forward from a regular point of view, obviously you're going to have to work with regulators around the world. Yes. You'll be looking at 20 milligrams induction for 8 weeks followed by the daily schedule thereafter.
Stephen Willey: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from the line of Matthew Phipps. Your line is now live.
Robert Andrew: Good morning. This is Rob Andrew on for Matt Phipps here. So maybe just on the early stage programs with the BET and ALK2 inhibitors. Just getting started up here and maybe what are the expectations with those programs, given the monotherapy dosing? Are we clearly looking for a safety profile acceptable for Jakafi combinations, or what are the expectations there? Thank you.
Steven Stein: It's Steven. Thank you for your questions. I'll separate them out because BET has a slightly different history. So if you look at BET BRD this is a compound we had in the clinic a few years ago, primarily targeting solid tumors and working on a slightly different hypothesis around MYC inhibition, and we were at multiples at the dose we were at now. We were at 12 to 16 milligrams, whereas we had 4 milligrams now. And what we saw there in that program a couple of years ago was on target toxicity in terms of thrombocytopenia as well as other some worrying toxicity. So we had put ourselves on a clinical hold at the time for that compound. And then what happened over the ensuing year with BET as you saw the data from constellation and CPI come forward and we knew by the way, the biology was relevant in myelofibrosis. And we think there is something to that data set, and there is clearly an effect from addition of BET therapy to ruxolitinib. So we revitalized our own program there. We worked with the FDA to come to what we think is a safe starting dose to avert a lot of the toxicities, modeled off what we saw happened in an external world and we've restarted the program. What we have to do is, is demonstrate monotherapy safety, which we do in now with the BET. And we expect that to be the case, given the dosing we using and then quickly go to combination with ruxolitinib. So that's the story behind BET. In terms of ALK2, this is a very exciting program to us. We think the anemia seen in myelopoiesis neoplasms, particularly myelofibrosis is mediated through the hepcidin pathway, building a little bit on the momelotinib data there as well as the anemia seen with the use of JAK inhibitors. So we're trying to ameliorate that anemia of the underlying disease, plus potentially the JAK induced anemia, so that you can maintain dose in. And in fact, as a priority of that actually increase efficacy as well because you can stay on the combination. So again, the idea is to get to ALK2 monotherapy safety pretty quickly, and then start the combination very soon with both. ALK2 in terms of its mechanism of action may have utility in anemias across the board, in terms of hepcidin inhibition. So that's something we interested in. And then there are some entities where solid tumors may have underlying genetic mutations that may be amenable to this as well. So it's a very interesting program, a very interesting mechanism and we are going fast.
Robert Andrew: Great. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes, just to add one more thing, because I didn't just -- we are also studying a rare disease, which is also mediated by the program FOP, which is a condition where you get premature bone formation in soft tissues, a lot of morbidity from it and sometimes early death as well. It's a rare entity. But again, it's something we committed to doing as well. So we will have an FOP program as well with the ALK2 agent.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Aydin Huseynov from The Benchmark Company. Your line is now live.
Aydin Huseynov: Thank you for taking my question. I have one about dermatology. So given relatively high vehicle responses 10% to 20%, so what would be your sales speech to a dermatologist, especially when we hypothetically compare RUX cream to other standards of care, not necessarily the vehicle. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Well, Aydin, this is Barry. First of all, I think that our response from the 281 studies and 282 studies are very good and the difference of the delta between the active drug and the vehicle is very good. And as compared to other therapies, well, oral therapies for that maybe coming oral JAK inhibitors and maybe coming for atopic dermatitis, obviously, you're suppressing the entire immune system when you take an oral drug. So that doesn't seem to be the best way to go about it. We have a great check inhibitor1 that's topical, that you can apply right on the area that's most effective. So we think that's an advantage for us. And as far as just some of the evolving data that might be coming from other topical JAK inhibitors we've seen the data so far, we don't see any reason to be concerned about it. And there's still some questions about dose response of those therapies. So our sales pitch is actually we've had many interactions with dermatology, very positive interaction with dermatologist, and they feel very strongly that this is a drug that they've been looking for, RUX cream. So, I think it'll be a relatively straightforward approach. We'll talk about the science and we'll talk about the benefits that it offers to patients who are really suffering from this autoimmune disease, atopic dermatitis.
Aydin Huseynov: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I had a follow-up question on real-world use for Monjuvi. So to the best of your knowledge, has there been much or any off-label use of Monjuvi in combination with another agent like bendamustine or has it so far primarily been in line with the labeled use in combination with lenalidomide? 
Barry Flannelly: Yes, so Vikram, I don't -- well, it depends on what you call off-label. Certainly, we've been used in a whole variety of places, relapsed refractory for a second line and plus. Obviously, we're studying the drug in combination with bendamustine in the future. So we'll have multiple other studies that we'll have a chance to see what different combinations including parsaclisib that we'll try to study the drug with in the future. So we're excited about that, but I think that most hematologist oncologist are most excited about what Steven was talking about before, about our complete response rate and how high that is and long duration of response that continues to get better. So the combination of len plus Monjuvi right now has both the efficacy and safety profile that most physicians who treat diffuse large B-cell lymphoma are looking for.
Vikram Purohit: Okay. Understood. And as a follow-up, I had a question on the ASH abstract on the first-line safety data. So I believe that abstract mentions that we could see some initial efficacy data during the presentation at ASH. To the extent you can discuss it, could you characterize a little bit about what we could see there and what we should make of it and how we should interpret it when thinking about Monjuvi in the first-line setting?
Barry Flannelly: Yes. The entire intent of the abstract and presentation is safety, and that's what I'll point to. And just to be maybe a little bit repetitive on my earlier comments, given that the safety of the combination of Tafa, len or CHOP was very similar to Tafa or CHOP given that you have to -- you are aiming for cure here and maximizing cure rates. It became automatic then that Tafa len or CHOP was the way to go in terms of the first-line study. I think, given the intent to safety, that's where you should focus on what the presentation will be about. And then obviously we'll have to wait for a large first-line study to deliver here.
Operator: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor. Your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is [indiscernible] for Alethia. Thanks for taking our call. Maybe just one on your PD-1 program. How does your Phase 2 data that you presented at ESMO match up with standard of care. And can you just remind us of your strategy in the PD-1 space is crowded. Are you looking at indications that sort of less develop, are you looking at combinations or both? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. Thank you. So, again, to step back, we acquired this compound to use on its own, and then in various combinations, which we needed for within our own program, and that's what we've been doing. At the same time, the intent was obviously to get it registered, and we had a upfront, the niche tumor approach in squamous cell anal carcinoma, Merkel cell carcinoma, and MSL high endometrial. And those studies have all enrolled well. And this is the data you see come to fruition. In terms of squamous cell anal carcinoma, the benchmark is the keynote 158 study from Pembro, but the mature data set where the Pembro overall response rate was 11%. You can see our response rates a little bit north of that territory in the 13%, 14% range that's independently reviewed. In addition, there's a subgroup of patients who are HIV positive with this that have that unmet need and were addressed in our study, which hasn't been addressed in other studies. So we're very encouraged obviously by their data set and thus initiated a Phase 3. And it's right in the territory of what seen just to be repetitive with other PD-1 inhibitors in this entity plus other entities that are very similar, like cervical carcinoma. Beyond the niche tumors, we have an ongoing lung program that's now initiated globally, a lung study. And then as I said we continue to utilize retifanlimab with various internal combinations.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'll like to turn the floor back over to Mike for any further or closing comments.
Mike Booth: So thank you all for participating in the call today and for your questions. Of course, Christine and I will be available for the rest of the day, and we look forward to engaging with many of you in the coming weeks at investor, and also at medical conferences. For now, though, thank you again and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter 2020 financial results conference call and webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations at Incyte. Please, go ahead.
Mike Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2020 earnings call -- earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I'm joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session. During the question-and-answer session, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up, as this will enable as many of you to ask questions as time allows. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2020 guidance, the commercialization of our products and the development plans and expectations for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially. Including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. In addition, I would like to caution everyone that the COVID-19 pandemic is an evolving situation, and it is still relatively early to be able to assess the full effect of governmental, business and social actions and policies and overall economic conditions on our business. Accordingly, it is important to keep in mind that our statements on this webcast speak as of today. We'll now begin the call with the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, we continued to execute well across the various facets of our business, driving strong revenue growth, achieving success in regulatory actions and in key clinical programs, while further improving our sound financial position. Jakafi grew 16% year-over-year to reach $474 million in the second quarter. Jakavi and Olumiant royalties also grew nicely, up 16% and 35%, respectively. And I'm also pleased to be able to report six sources of product and royalty revenues for the first time with the approvals of Pemazyre and Tabrecta. Total product and royalty revenues were $593 million for the quarter, up 16% year-over-year. We announced two product approvals since we reported Q1, including Tabrecta, which is licensed to Novartis. And just recently, we received our first approval for Monjuvi in collaboration with MorphoSys. Monjuvi is the first FDA-approved therapy for the second-line treatment of adults with DLBCL, and we believe it has the potential to transform the treatment of patients who has relapsed or refractory disease. We also announced the positive results of REACH3, which is the largest randomized clinical trial ever conducted in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD patients. At EHA, we presented encouraging proof-of-concept data from our ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib trial well as well as updated two-year data from the L-MIND trial, which confirms the durability of responses to tafasitamab. Our financial position is also very strong with $1.6 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter. Slide five shows our ongoing revenue momentum over the last several years, and we expect recent new approval to add further to our top line. During the remainder of this year, we expect to maintain the momentum of Jakafi in MPN and look to drive additional growth in GVHD. Furthermore, we are focusing on executing successful launches of both Monjuvi and Pemazyre, and we expect Tabrecta royalties to increase following the approvals and subsequent launches by Novartis in both the U.S. and Japan. Before the end of 2020, we plan to submit the NDA for ruxolitinib cream, seeking approval in atopic dermatitis, and we also expect to initiate the pivotal program of ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib in patients with myelofibrosis. Before I hand off to Barry, I felt it's important to provide an overview of COVID-19 impact on our business. On the revenue and supply side, we have not seen any material impact to date and on the regulatory fronts, there has not been any impact on key time line. With regards to clinical development, there has been no change to key late-stage programs since we reported Q1. While the original shutdowns due to COVID-19 affected certain studies, the impact has been largely transient, and we remain on track with key time lines. For example, while new patient recruitment in our vitiligo study has experienced a slowdown early in the quarter, recruitment has since rebounded to pre pandemic levels. Therefore, we continue to expect results in 2021.  In summary, since the beginning of 2020, we have announced three products approval and announced positive results from two separate pivotal programs REACH3 and TRuE-AD. These achievements on top of strong commercial performance and excellent progress in clinical development are important parts of this transformational year for Incyte. I will now pass the call the call over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning. Jakafi sales increased 16% year-over-year. We continue to see robust demand across all three indications and a number of patients on therapy continues to grow. In April and May, new patient starts were negatively impacted due to regional shutdowns related to COVID-19. However, since June  since early June, we have seen a rebound in new patient starts. Despite the challenges of the pandemic, I am proud of our team for their efforts to continue providing the level of service and responsiveness that our customers have been accustomed to over the years. We have expanded our multichannel engagements, and our field representatives are continuing, are conducting multiple, virtual and digital programs with our customers. Turning to Slide 9. We have been successful in identifying the appropriate patients, and there are already more than 100 patients on therapy. We have not had any unexpected reimbursement issues and patient refill rates are encouraging. We have maintained a good depth of prescribers in both academic and community settings and we are proud to be able to provide these physicians with a much needed therapy to help their patients. We are also excited about the approval of Monjuvi, the first FDA-approved second-line treatment for adults with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Monjuvi is an important non-chemotherapeutic option that has a convincing clinical profile as reflected in the clinical data included in the U.S. prescribing information. With compelling response rates and a long duration of response while avoiding many of the toxicities associated with other forms of treatment. Monjuvi represents a significant opportunity to transform the standard of care for patients with relapsed/ refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Our commercial and medical teams are fully staffed with joint Incyte MorphoSys team of approximately 150 full-time equivalents. We have identified 11,000 potential prescribers, which -- of which approximately 80% are also Jakafi prescribers. Executing successful launches for both Monjuvi and Pemazyre, and we expect Tabrecta royalties to increase following the approvals and subsequent launches by Novartis in both the U.S. and Japan. Before the end of 2020, we plan to -- oh, sorry -- we expect broad market access for Monjuvi and already have patient assistance programs in place. While the challenges presented by COVID-19 pandemic are not ideal for new patient launches, we believe Monjuvi's strong clinical profile, the significant unmet need in relapsed/refractory, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, and our company's combined expertise leave us very well positioned for a successful launch. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Recently, we announced the success of our REACH3 trial, evaluating ruxolitinib versus best available therapy in patients with steroid-refractory chronic graft-versus-host disease. This was the largest randomized trial ever conducted in this patient population and the positive data reinforce the importance of JAK inhibition in the treatment of graft-versus-host disease. Ruxolitinib met its primary endpoint of superior overall response rate at month six and achieved statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in both key secondary endpoints. The modify chronic graft-versus-host disease symptom scale and failure free survival. The safety profile of ruxolitinib was consistent with previously reported studies of ruxolitinib in graft-versus-host disease. Following these results, we expect to submit the data from REACH3 for presentation at an upcoming Medical Congress, and we are preparing the supplemental NDA submission to the FDA. Turning to our LIMBER development program on slide 13. As part of our life cycle management, we have multiple strategies ongoing, including the development of a once-daily formulation of ruxolitinib, combinations with ruxolitinib and potentially new targets, and we are making progress on all fronts. The most advanced combination within LIMBER is our ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib program and we recently presented positive proof-of-concept data, which showed the additional benefit obtained from adding five milligrams of daily parsaclisib through ruxolitinib in myelofibrosis patients with an inadequate response to ruxolitinib monotherapy. Importantly, the addition of parsaclisib was well tolerated and treatment-emergent adverse events common to PI3 kinase delta inhibitors were infrequent with the addition of parsaclisib. These results warrant further study of the combination and we are planning to initiate ruxolitinib plus parsaclisib trials in both first-line myelofibrosis patients and in MF patients with a suboptimal response to ruxolitinib monotherapy. Turning to slide 14. In June, at the European Hematology Association, we presented updated two-year data from the L-MIND study of tafasitamab in combination with lenalidomide. These data were consistent with prior presentations. The overall response rate in this data set was 59% and 41% of patients achieved a complete response. The median duration of response for complete and partial responders collectively was 34.6 months, driven by the median duration of response for complete responders, which has not yet been reached. We hope and expect that the data from the L-MIND are only the beginning for tafasitamab. Working with MorphoSys, we believe that we have multiple near-term opportunities in diffuse large B-cell lymphomas and other non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, as shown in the summary slide. Later this year, we expect to have initial results from our first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma trial first line, based on results from the study we expect to select the appropriate combination, either tafasitamab plus R-CHOP or tafasitamab plus lenalidomide plus R-CHOP and move forward into a pivotal first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma trial in 2021. We also expect to initiate a proof-of-concept study evaluating tafasitamab plus parsaclisib in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma before the end of this year. Turning now to our development programs in inflammation and autoimmunity. As Herv mentioned upfront, our development timeline for ruxolitinib cream remain on track, as we continue to collect long-term safety data from our two pivotal atopic dermatitis studies and plan to submit the NDA at the end of 2020. The Phase III vitiligo trials are now recruiting very well, and new patient enrollment has rebounded since the dip at the beginning of the second quarter. We remain on track for results in 2021. We have made significant progress within our key development programs thus far in 2020. We have announced three product approvals this year and have presented positive data from multiple programs. We continue to expect to have data in-house from the ongoing pharmacology studies of once-a-day ruxolitinib in 2020. While a transient COVID related delay means the external presentation of these data won't be until next year, these data are not on the critical path, and we are still on track for an sNDA submission, seeking approval of once-a-day ruxolitinib in 2021. We also have decided to discontinue development to our perm inhibitor and its combination trial with ruxolitinib. Lastly, a reminder of the various cover trials that are underway, including studies of both ruxolitinib and baracitinib. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP non-GAAP, please refer to slides 25 and 27 in the backup section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning. Moving to our results for the second quarter. Revenue growth continued to be strong, with total product and royalty revenues of $593 million, representing an increase of 16% over the second quarter of 2019. This is comprised of net product revenues of $474 million for Jakafi, $23 million for Iclusig and $4 million for Pemazyre. Royalties from Novartis of $66 million for Jakavi and $1 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $26 million for Olumiant. We recorded revenue growth across both the products commercialized by Incyte and those commercialized by our partners, with the exception of Iclusig, where we recorded a 7% decline in revenues, as a result of some stocking that we experienced in the first quarter of the year due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  Total revenues increased 30% over the prior year quarter, driven by both the increase in product and royalty revenues, as well as $95 million of milestone revenue related to the approvals of Tabrecta and Pemazyre. Total cost and expenses for the quarter of $400 million on a non-GAAP basis represent an increase of 5% over the prior year quarter, well below the growth rate in product and royalty revenues. Ongoing R&D expense for the quarter was $250 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 6% increase from the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to our 55% share of the global and U.S. Pacific development costs for tafasitamab, the clinical trials of ruxolitinib as a potential therapy for COVID-19 and other pipeline programs progressing to later stages of development. SG&A expense for the quarter was $104 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 12% increase over the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to an increase in commercialization efforts related to Jakafi and Pemazyre in preparation for the potential commercialization of ruxolitinib cream. Collaboration loss for the quarter was $30 million, which represents our 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. Our financial position continues to be strong, as we ended the quarter with $1.6 billion in cash and marketable securities. The decrease from $2.1 billion in 2019 year-end reflects the upfront payment and stock purchase related to the purposes collaboration, partially offset by the cash flow generated during the first half of 2020. Moving on to our guidance for 2020, we are reiterating our revenue and expense guidance for the year. While there continue to be uncertainties associated with COVID-19, including risk of a broader resurgence, we believe these are capturing the ranges provided. As a reminder, the R&D guidance excludes the $805 million around consideration related to our collaboration with Novartis. Finally, at this early stage of their launches, we are not providing guidance on Pemazyre sales or on our collaboration net profit or loss resulting from the commercialization activities for Monjuvi in the U.S. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So I had two questions on the LIMBER program. First, I just wanted to see if you could talk a bit more about what you saw in the initial PIM plus RUX data that led you to the decision to discontinue that facet of the LIMBER program? And then secondly, for the RUX plus PI3K combination studies, you're looking to start in first-line and the refractory setting. I just wanted to see if you could talk a bit more about what those studies would look like from a design perspective and how you're thinking about what the initial bar for success there is going to be? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Vikram, hi, It's Steven. Thanks for your question. In terms of the PIM RUX program, as far as we know, we were the sort of last perm inhibitor left standing across R&D programs, and it's largely due to on-target effects in terms of the liver and transaminitis. And we weren't able to get the PIM dose much above 80 milligrams, and then if you look at that tolerability profile in combination with some of the efficacy we've seen, although interest in and pre-clinically very interested in, it wasn't a program that we felt had high chance of success going forward. So for those two reasons, both tolerability, in terms of the liver and reaching adequate efficacy buyers. Turning to the RUX-delta program, as we alluded to in our remarks, this is our lead program. We've shown our internal proof-of-concept data. We explored various dosing and schedule regimens and clearly, there's a delta effect. If you go back to the biology, PI3-kinase delta as a pathway is upregulated in myelofibrosis, this preclinical data that makes sense. And in terms of the clinical effect we've seen, although very strictly defined in our proof-of-concept that patients had to have been on six months of RUX and a stable dose for a couple of months. Even with that, we saw increased spleen response, as well as symptom responses. So we're initiating two studies, a suboptimal responder RUX study, as we've spoken about for people who've been on at least three months and they're not having an adequate RUX response, as well as a first line study. In terms of the endpoints, you're going to have to wait for the clinicaltrials.gov listings to go up when we start these studies before we make those public. They should be relatively obvious for the first-line study and then the suboptimal responder study that will go up on that particular listing. Thanks.
Vikram Purohit: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask you around GVHD. And can you just kind of describe next steps and timeline we should be thinking about on -- for the chronic GVHD opportunity and expanding the label for the syndication? And would you expect more -- I know you're not going to market to, but would you expect more spontaneous use in this setting even ahead of approval, given the promising REACH3 data and the unmet need that's out there?
Herv Hoppenot: So Cory, I'll start off and then the second part of your question, Barry, will take. I assume you're alluding to the REACH3 study that we have recently press released the outcomes. It's an outstanding outcome for patients and for us in terms of hitting both the primary, very strictly defined overall response rate endpoint at month six, plus failure-free survival and the PRO, the patient put it outcome in terms of the modified lease symptom score. So a great outcome for that, obviously, we will -- we filed REACH2 as well now. Now we'll be going ahead with filing REACH3 as a supplemental NDA as soon as we can in terms of getting it into the label. I just -- I don't know if you were talking also about steroid naive, chronic graft-versus-host disease, that work with itacitinib continues this year in terms of dose exploration. We're looking at various doses and schedules plus the steroid effect there before initiating further work with itacitinib here. So across the entire spectrum of graft-versus-host disease were still very active both with filing and then with itacitinib in steroid naive. In terms of your question, well, Barry?
Barry Flannelly: Hey, Cory, yeah, in terms of spontaneous use in chronic GVHD, obviously, we know that there's already some use in chronic GVHD with Jakafi and I think because we only released the top-line results from REACH3, not until there's a full presentation or publication will the awareness increase. At that time, some additional spontaneous use may occur. But we'll have to wait and see.
Cory Kasimov: Okay. And Barry, did you see any major impact from COVID on the GVHD front, fewer transplants that was presumably taking place?
Barry Flannelly: Well, we certainly saw a decrease in new patients. So, as you know, Cory, new patient starts really represents a relatively small part of the total number of patients that are on Jakafi. So we do know that bone marrow transplants were delayed. We saw a decrease, perhaps in April and May. And we know that patients that need a bone marrow transplant have to come back when they're feeling more safe and when their disease requires it. So as more bone marrow transplants go up, then GVHD will go up.
Cory Kasimov: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, guys. Thanks very much for taking my question. Maybe a follow-up question also for Barry. Can you talk about any shifts in growth patterns that you saw with Jakafi, maybe across the other two indications due to corona. I guess, I'm curious if there's any inventory impact that you're seeing or any patient level stockpiling changes in compliance or persistence? And then, would you expect to see any changes now with the pandemic rebounding in July and August to the overall patterns of Jakafi use? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Brian. Well, I don't think that the percentage of patients who are taking Jakafi for PV GVHD and myelofibrosis has really changed at all due to COVID. Now we do know, as I said, particularly in certain regions, you can imagine the East Coast, particularly New York and New Jersey, you saw new patient starts for each of these indications go down. In June and now in July, we have seen week after week, small increases in new patient starts, but new patients start to relatively small in each given quarter and each given month anyway. But we have seen week or week, starting in June, new patient starts coming back. So, again, we haven't really seen any movement in one area versus another in terms of total amount of bottles sold.
Brian Abrahams: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So as we look towards proof-of-concept data from the oral PD-L1 inhibitor later this year, can you help frame expectations on the type of data we'll see? And what level of activity you're looking for to move forward?
Steven Stein: Salveen, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So in terms of our oral PD-L1 program, we've been progressing well, and we're in this phase now where the second half of this year, from our clinical program, we'll be able to present translational data from the actual clinical specimens to show directionally the right degree of PD-L1 inhibition, T cell changes that we want, et cetera, that are supportive of continuing the program. Substantive clinical data in its entirety will be more likely next year. But all the data we have in hand and that we presented in the second half of this year and a prepared median are supportive of continuing. Thanks.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Evan Seigerman from Crdit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on a really great week with strong results today and the approval of Monjuvi late last Friday. So just on Pemazyre, the tumor-agnostic setting, can you just remind us of the status of this program, I can't remember if you mentioned it earlier, is it also delayed as with the bladder trial? And then any color on the penetration into the eligible patient population and cholangiocarcinoma following the launch earlier this year?
Steven Stein: Evan, Steven, thanks. So in terms of your question, actually, the tumor-agnostic program has not been affected by COVID much at all. It enrolled in extremely well, probably speaking to an extreme unmet need there, so it's across in a various fusions in terms of the molecular biology as well as rearrangements as well as testing if there's any activity in amplifications as well. So they're different buckets. We fill up that are histology agnostic, and that's progressing well. Now you spoke a little bit about the bladder program, the data we will be getting in the second half of the year will complete the continuous dosing experiment. But in terms of presenting the data, it will be next year. So that's the status of bladder program, and then I'll turn it over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Evan. So you talk about penetration. I think I said in my prepared remarks that there was over 100 patients treated already. And actually, we know that there's more  most of those patients have come back for refills as well as they're continuing. So the duration of therapy is something that will continue to follow. But even the $4 million that we reported in this quarter and the more than 100 patients on therapy right now is ahead of what we predicted internally.
Evan Seigerman: Excellent. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to get a sense perhaps on how you're thinking about the first-line study. Is there a particular combination of the two that you're looking at that you would prefer? As it relates specifically to lenalidomide, is it somewhat of a priority to potentially avoid having that in the combo, given its side effect profile and its possibility, or I'd like to hear your thoughts of how that might impact some patients' desire to be on therapy? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Yes. Its Steven. Thanks for your question. If you look at first-line diffuse B-cell lymphoma, the standard of care remains R-CHOP with approximately a 40%, 50% care rate. Many have tried to beat that and hasn't been easy historically in the past to do that. So it's really about upfront efficacy and improving the cure rate. That's what you have to achieve beat that bar. So  and a little bit maybe in terms of sacrificing tolerability because it's about care upfront. So we'll see. The safety data, as we said on the call yesterday, will be key, looking at either tafasitamab alone, plus the R-CHOP regimen or tafasitamab plus len plus the R-CHOP regimen. If the safety ends up and let's get the data by the end of this year, being is mostly a wash, and there's no increased talks that's talks that's worrying from the doublet with R-CHOP, that may be the way we end up going because it's about getting to the efficacy bar. As the MorphoSys CMO said with us on the call yesterday, this is still subject to getting that data in-house and then regulatory discussion on the appropriate endpoint. So those are the caveats there. But I just want to reiterate, you have to win on efficacy here. You have to improve the cure rate in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma upfront. Thanks.
Tazeen Ahmad: Appreciate that. Just maybe a follow-up, what percent of this population with the older patients, given that they might be potentially more prone to side effects?
Steven Stein: In terms of the epidemiology on age, we'll have to get back to you. I'm not sure what percent if you are asking is above 65. I'll have to find that out for you, sorry.
Tazeen Ahmad: No worries. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question today is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen & Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Yes. Thanks Barry to take my questions. Barry, just to follow-up on your comments about the Pemazyre launch and the success relative to your internal expectations. I guess, what learnings have you had on virtual launch about things that are working, maybe some things that aren't working and how are those going to get applied to the launch of tafasitamab?
Barry Flannelly: Yeah, Mark, I think we learned a lot, actually. I think we -- despite this pandemic, we learn things that really work that we'll keep doing. Virtual programs, virtual visits, virtual speaker programs, virtual advisory boards, all of these things work. For Pemazyre, we really targeted the positions that we wanted to target ahead of time that we know our GI docs that specialize in cholangiocarcinoma, liver cancer and so forth. And we were able to reach them virtually through our representatives. And then, of course, before that, our medical affairs people had relationships with these docs and our oncology clinical nurse educators help them manage the dosing and side effects, and they were each able to reach out to them. What we also learned about Pemazyre about a new launch during this time period, and I think it relates to Monjuvi very much is that docs want to hear about new launches and how to use drugs, particularly Pemazyre is being used for the first proved drug for a patient population. It's never had anything that was really effective before. And in terms of Monjuvi, the first drug approved for second-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. They want to hear about these new options for their patients who desperately need new therapies.
Marc Frahm: Okay. And then just on the initial demand you're seeing, is that all-in cholangiocarcinoma or you're already seeing some off-label use either in that tumor-agnostic indication or even maybe people who can't tolerate the available inhibitor in the bladder cancer?
Barry Flannelly: Yeah. It's the best of our knowledge, Marc. It's really all-in cholangiocarcinoma for patients that have FGFR rearrangements infusions.
Marc Frahm: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question today is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on all the progress. I just wanted to ask you a question on the Pemazyre program, and now that you have the combination data. It looks interesting, kind of, wanted to talk about your focus on monotherapy there? And then can you just talk a little bit about continued investment for AB heading into the upcoming launch for the program? Thanks.
Steven Stein: So Alethia, I'll start off. It's Steven. On your first question related to the CITADEL program. So all the studies have enrolled really well. Follicular, mantle cell and marginal zone, we presented data at various points along the route for all three histologies. We have in the range of the high activity we wanted, as well as the durability of response that we wanted. So we will get that in-house, and we will proceed with appropriate regulatory filings for monotherapy in the different parts of the world where it's relevant. They are all likely to be under accelerated approval or conditional marketing authorizations. And we'll meet, as you allude to, confirmatory programs, and those are likely to be in combination. The designs of which still need further refinement and discussion with regulators, but they're likely to include combinations with CD20 or even CD19 antibodies, given that we are treating lymphomas. And then, I'll hand the question over about the investment related to the launch.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. So, Alethia, I guess you were asking about the continuing investment in AD related to the launch, obviously, it's AD and vitiligo, because we anticipate vitiligo could be relatively soon after we get approval for atopic dermatitis. But I think Herv said multiple times that we're building a separate business unit for dermatology or autoimmune diseases. So we already have on board are a good part of our medical affairs team, our market access team. We're building out the commercial organization. So that's our continuing investment. And, obviously, we're really getting ready, because we believe that RUX cream could really transform the treatment of atopic dermatitis in the United States.
Herv Hoppenot: Regarding, just  so that's for the U.S., where the situation is very clear. Regarding the rest of the of the world, in the  in Europe, we are looking at the scenario where, in fact, vitiligo could be the first indication that we will be submitting. So the timing for Europe is slightly different from what we have in the U.S., like more than slightly, it can be a few months behind. And we are still looking at the best commercial deployment there. And frankly, we want to have  take our time. And I know some of you are asking with the model that we'll be following in Europe, and we are really going through a level of division that requires more time and we'll be able to communicate how we are going to commercialize in Europe probably early next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. I had a question just on retifanlimab and the status of where you are from a clinical trial perspective and which data from the PODIUM program are we likely to see initially? And then secondarily, is there an update on the Jakafi COVID-19 program from CRS?
Steven Stein: Yes. In terms of retifanlimab, our IV PD-1 inhibitor, the niche programs have, again, all enrolled incredibly well. Squamous cell anal carcinoma, MSI-high endometrial in the Merkel cell program, we intend to submit data from Merkel and anal cell carcinoma at a medical meeting second half of this year, and that's when that data will be public. In terms of RUX in COVID-19, just a reminder, there are two programs. There's one in conjunction with Novartis globally called RUX-COVID, those that's in patients that are pre mechanical ventilation, but have evidence of cytokine storm and is looking at RUX 5 milligrams twice daily, plus standard of care versus standard of care. It's in 400 patients. The primary endpoint for that study was the proportion of patients who die, develop respiratory failure or require ICU care by day 29. And that's progressing well. And obviously, we hope to have data, a complete study with an endpoint and report out before the end of the year. The second study we run in ourselves largely in the United States is the ventilator study. So it's again, adults with COVID-19 associated respiratory failure who are on ventilation, it has two dosage arms in terms of RUX, a 5-milligram BID arm and a 15-milligram BID arm, both with standard of care versus standard of care and that is tracking a little bit behind in terms of enrollment, largely because there's less because there's less ventilation than there was those people are trying to avoid that. So again, we hope that data before the end of the year, but it's hard to tell you exactly when at the moment, the N on that study, just to remind you, was a little larger. So that was of 500 patients because there's three arms. And the primary endpoint was a very clean one, was overall survival due to any course through day 29. So that's the status of those studies. Thanks.
Mara Goldstein: Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hi. Congrats on the progress. And thank you for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on the LIMBER program where you've tightened up the focus a little by discontinuing RUX plus PIM and you're moving RUX plus parsa into pivotal trials but you still have quite a few shots on goal. So I was wondering, which of those are you most excited about with the highest probability of success and the greatest clinical differentiation? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes, Jay, it's Steven. So it's an extremely important program to us for all the obvious reasons, plus we have a lot of scientific ownership of the myeloprotective neoplasm space, just even beyond ruxolitinib, the diseases we feel very passionately about. Just remind you, the LIMBER program has three pillars to it. The first one is the formulation work, which we spoke about in our prepared remarks. And the once-daily formulation work is going well, and we intend to file that sNDA next year. And we believe that is important in itself and also potentially from a convenience point of view, and it may lend itself down the pike to us doing fixed-dose combinations with other once-daily mechanisms. In terms of the second arm, which are ways to either enhance efficacy in a particular disease setting or safety or both. Those programs, the lead one is the RUX plus parsaclisib program. Again, we spoke about in the prepared remarks, we feel we have internal proof-of-concept data, and we're initiating both the suboptimal responder to RUX study as well as the first-line myelofibrosis study this year. The other programs that are really important to us are our resurrected BET inhibitor program, so we're doing in monotherapy work this year, just to prove safety at the dose we've chosen, and then we'll very quickly go to combination to work there. And we'll see where that leads us. Again, that could be potentially in a second-line setting as well as in the first-line setting. And then very importantly, although on the surface, looks like a tolerability play in terms of the ALK2 inhibitor, and the hepcidin mechanism improving anemia, either due to the underlying disease, myelofibrosis or due to the effect of a JAK inhibitor, not only if that works, should it improve the anemia, but then it will also allow patients to stay on RUX longer and should improve efficacy as well. So that is in, again, monotherapy safety now and should also go to combination, hopefully, by the end of this year. And then the third pillar, which for obvious reasons, we speak less about, but it's all around discovery efforts run out of Dash shop looking at other ways, other new targets, epigenetic targets or other ways that we may be interested in even in PVR itself. And those will obviously be announced if and when they get to the clinic. So that's the entirety of the program. Thanks.
Jay Olson: Okay. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
Tyler Van Buren: Hey good morning. Great to see the quarterly results, especially in the light of ongoing pandemic. I had a question on the Jakafi product revenue guidance, which was reiterated and seems very conservative. You mentioned that new patient starts have rebounded in June. You have a growing pool of total patients and robust demand in all tree indications, yet the midpoint of the guidance assumes relatively flat quarter-over-quarter growth on an absolute basis. And if you look at the top end of the guidance, it's still lower year-over-year growth rates or a deceleration in the second half. So it's just factoring in the ongoing uncertainty due to the pandemic? Or are there any potential year-over-year pressures that the guidance is factoring that we should also consider?
Herv Hoppenot: Tyler, you are absolutely right. If you look at Jakafi in the first half of the year, we grew 19% when you compare to the first half of 2019, with the growth primarily coming over 70% of this growth coming from volume, from demand. So if you were to look at this, you would think that at this point in the year we would be, if anything, bringing up the low end of the guidance. The low end of the guidance implies a flat Q3 and Q4 to Q2. So given the significant uncertainty that remains around COVID-19, the risk for a broader resurgence, we felt that this year, it's appropriate to keep the guidance to where we had set it to keep a broader guidance at this point in the year to be able to address any potential impact that we may see from impact that we may see from a resurgence in COVID-19.
Tyler Van Buren: Okay. Thanks for the additional comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Josh Schimmer from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Josh Schimmer: Thanks for taking the question. Was a positive REACH3 data reflected in your long-term guidance for $3 billion peak cells of Jakafi? And are you considering expanding your dermatology portfolio to further complement ruxolitinib cream? And if so, what might that look like? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot: Herv here, I'll take it. So obviously, the REACH3 results are very positive. And it's -- I don't say more than expected, but it's certainly a very good study. You will have the opportunity to see the results when they are published. And the question of what does it mean in terms of long-term guidance came up when we saw the results. So I think your question is totally appropriate. We have said in the said in the past $2.5 billion to $3 billion for Jakafi, you can see where this year is going. So we are ahead of the curve, if you look at it from that standpoint. What we also looked at is political uncertainty and the fact that in the U.S., there are a number of questions still open related to the health care system in general and reimbursement of products. So I think the best way to think about it is probably to see how this is evolving. Also see the data that we have in REACH3 publicly, and then it will give us with both of them an opportunity to look again at the long-term guidance if we need, and that's again, something that will be after the end of this year. The second question is dermatology. So, we are very excited. I must say, over the past few months, we have had a number of advisory board and sessions of feedback with dermatologists in the U.S. and in Europe on the profile of RUX cream. And that has made us evolve our expectation from that franchise, because what we are hearing from them is that there are no other product that is providing that level of efficacy that you saw in a TRuE-AD and obviously, the lack of systemic exposure and the level of safety that you can expect from a topical. So it's not really in the category of the other topical product, it is a product that has the potential to be transformative. So we are looking at it now with a new eye in terms of how big it could be. We still have the vitiligo study that is, as Stephen was describing, moving very quickly. So it gives us a potential submission in 2020 for AD, approval in 2021, submission in vitiligo and then approval in vitiligo. So there is already a sort of a cycle of new product that is coming for the next two years. And we are obviously looking at other products that could be complementing the franchise. Internally, we have programs ongoing with our own group of products that have potentially an immunomodulating potential so that could apply to many indication. And we are also looking at external opportunities for what would be good science applied to dermatology that could be complementing the portfolio. So there is literally a new division of Incyte that is being built now that will be starting with RUX cream, and I think could have a very important potential over the next five years to add to the growth that we have in cancer and the oncology and the hematology.
Josh Schimmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Ren Benjamin: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the quarter. Can we talk a little bit about the patent extension strategies? I see the once-daily can definitely seems to make sense and can extend, obviously, your patents there. But how do we think about these combinations that are being evaluated, particularly in the liver studies? Do they ultimately have to be developed as once-daily formulations as well to continue to extend the patents?
Herv Hoppenot: I mean, the patents extend from RUX, I would not comment on that. So what is  obviously, part of our plan is to improve our ruxolitinib from the clinical and the patient benefit standpoint, and to do it in a way that will help us extend the life of our franchise in MF and PV and potentially in GVHD. So the QD is very important for two reasons, is that by itself, it has a longer pattern than we have with twice a day. And it is also a way to do combination with other one sided products that we have in our portfolio. And when you think of two oral products being once-a-day, then you're obviously looking at the possibility of doing fixed-dose combination. And if the product you are combining with as the patent life goes beyond the patent of Jakafi, ruxolitinib itself, it's obviously increasing the exclusivity that you have on this fixed-dose combination. So you can think of ALK and parsaclisib and BET as potential partners for ruxolitinib that we are testing in the clinic, first, to establish the superiority from the clinical standpoint, and then that could give us an opportunity to develop, fix those combination if possible, that would be certainly helping maintain the leadership that we have in the field of MFPV and GVHD. So that's really the way we the way we are looking at it.
Reni Benjamin: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up with Monjuvi. Can you just remind us the gross to net assumptions that we should be factoring?
Barry Flannelly: Well, this is Barry. So we didn't really comment on the gross net assumptions. We talked about the price, the average monthly price. And obviously, we're working on that together with our partners some. Obviously, discounts are required through government programs, through CMS and so forth. But we really haven't said what the gross to net will be, we'll have to see as we go forward.
Reni Benjamin: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Aydin Huseynov from the Benchmark Company. Your line is now live.
Aydin Huseynov: Thanks for taking my questions. I have one on Monjuvi. So given this is a combinational agent given that Revlimid is already expensive drug, I think, more than $20,000. Do you expect any pay resistance or impediments, especially in budget conscious EU pay environments such as French authorities?
Steven Stein: So I'll take the first part of the question, address the United States and Herv can address outside the United States. So we think the combination of this injectable and oral drug together is priced appropriately. For the benefit that the regimen provides. If you look to other analogs, for example, particularly in multiple myeloma, injectable drugs that are combined with Revlimid or approximately the same price per month, per year, and others are actually priced higher. If you compare it to CAR T therapies, obviously, there are many different complications there, but obviously, that's in the same sort of price range per patient. And Herv?
Herv Hoppenot: And just to comment on the EU. The cycle of patent expiration for lenalidomide is different in the EU. They are generics already available in a number of countries already today, and when we look at the approval timing for approval and reimbursement timing for Monjuvi or tafasitamab in Europe, in fact, it is almost coincidental that it is when lenalidomide is going generic in many of the large countries. So what we anticipate is to be negotiating the price as we have to do in all of these countries in Europe, at the time where the cost of lenalidomide will be going down very drastically. So it should be a it's a little bit by chance, but it should be a good timing to be able to have a reasonable good price for tafasitamab in Europe.
Aydin Huseynov: Thank you. Appreciate it. And I have one follow-up regarding Jakafi. So how would you compare the performance of Jakafi versus Jakavi in Europe? Because both showed 16% growth, but Jakavi actual sales only grew 9%. And just was curious what's the MF growth in Jakafi indications, MF growth?
Herv Hoppenot: No. The comment on Jakavi in Europe versus Jakafi in the U.S., I think what we have seen since the launch is sort of a classical curve where obviously, the volumes are higher, the price are lower in outside of the U.S. that's a general statement on all of these products. And Novartis has done an excellent job to ensure that Jakafi became standard of care in MF and PV. The GVHD launch has not been yet done in Europe. GVHD, the decision was to submit together REACH2 and REACH3. So there are two large, largest ever pivotal studies that will be used for the submission Europe and outside of the U.S., in fact, in general, that will be used together. The reason to do that is related to pricing because every new indication is leading to price reduction. So the decision was made by Novartis to do it together. And now that we know the results of REACH3 are fantastic. It is certainly a very good decision. So we will see the GVHD expansion happen later than what we have seen in the U.S. but overall, I must say the growth ex-U.S. and U.S. has been first, exceeding expectations for both sides and has been very parallel in term of how MF and PV have been evolving. So it's a story of good partnerships that, frankly, now for 10 years has been working very well.
Aydin Huseynov: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from George Farmer from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live. Mr. Farmer, perhaps your phone is on mute. Please pick up your handset. Please proceed.
George Farmer: Hi, can you hear me?
Herv Hoppenot: Yes, we can.
George Farmer: Okay, great. Thanks I'd like to talk more about your strategy with parsaclisib and ruxolitinib in MS. And how do you see that combination fitting in with BMO other JAK inhibitors?
Steven Stein: It's Steven. So again, just to reiterate, the program, as we set it up. So there will be two studies. The first-line study would be in RUX plus part of -- first RUX. So if there ends up down the pipe being successful, then that particular combination would become the standard of care there. In terms of the suboptimal responder study, that is for patients who've been on at least three months of ruxolitinib at a stable dose, but are having a very carefully defined inadequate response in terms of spleen volume reduction and/or symptoms. And then you add on you add on parsaclisib to that particular patient profile and looking for added benefit, the end point for that, as I said earlier, we will announce when the study goes live and we'll go up on clinicaltrials.gov. But it's a very different patient segment, because these are people who have had inadequate response to ruxolitinib. If you play this out in your head, if the first-line study wins and is more efficacious, then there are less patients with inadequate responders down the pipe. So that's how you work out the patient flow through the various lines of therapy in myelofibrosis.
George Farmer: Okay, great. And then Herv, could you comment a little bit more on how we should think about launching RUX for atopic dermatitis in Europe, in the meantime you had said that maybe youd file vitiligo, or maybe launch ahead -- with vitiligo ahead of AD. Can you just clarify that?
Herv Hoppenot: Yeah. I said that because there was a discussion on how the price will be impacted by the sequence of launch and what we believe today, and I'm not  you never know what can happen. But at this point, what it looks like is that, if we do a sequence of atopic derm followed by vitiligo, we will end up with reimbursement that will be very much lower than if we do vitiligo first. So that's what we are now thinking about. I was saying that, because there were a lot of questions on the commercial model in Europe. And I think what seems to be emerging is that the launch in Europe may be delayed compared to the launch in the U.S., if we start with vitiligo.
George Farmer: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Stephen Willey from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Stephen Willey: Yeah. Thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe for Steven, I guess, your comments around endpoint selection in the  in adequate RUX responders trial, maybe it implies like there's still some regulatory dialogue that's ongoing there. I think AbbVie just posted details around the Phase 3 transform study in the relapsed/refractory setting, and it looks like they're using SVR35 as a primary. I guess, should we think about this as a surrogate of regulatory flexibility around the potential use of lower SVR thresholds?
Steven Stein: Yeah. I'm not going to satisfy you with my response, because you'll have to wait for the outcome when we publish it. But we did see they published their endpoint at an SVR 35% decrease in the second line. That is the established endpoint that we established in the first line, as you well know, and thats no secret, its likely to be the endpoint in any further first-line studies at the moment. So you'll just have to wait to see what we  weve completed our negotiations with regulators, and we're all set to go, but you'll have to wait until we put it up. Thanks.
Stephen Willey: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. An editorial associated with the recent Lancet publication on topical RUX and vitiligo, it does bring up the acne side effect of a potential limitation, given a lot of exposure to the face. So I was just wondering, if there's any temporal nature of acne. Is it associated with chemo exposure? Or was it more transient and then does this -- do you guys think this has any potential commercial impact, mainly on duration of therapy?
Steven Stein: Yeah. It's Steven. I'll comment a little bit. We haven't seen a temporal link per se in terms of the onset of some acne, nor has it been particularly problematic. So from the data we have thus far in the proof-of-concept study, that's the conclusion. Obviously, as we've been telling you, we're enrolling now two large Phase 3s, it'll be north of 600 patients total, with longer follow-up, and we'll see how that plays out. But it's just not something that  other than the adverse event being reported, which is important for patients, that's particularly problematic in terms of long-term use thus far.
Matt Phipps: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hey, guys. I had a question on your bispecific antibody program, MCLA-145. Maybe, Steven, just wondering what your level of excitement is for this asset and based on what you've heard from other similar product candidates. It seems like there's some interest there. Just curious where you are and when we might see initial data from the study?
Steven Stein: Yes. Thank you for mentioning our bispecific program. No, there  it's a very interesting doublet from a biology point of view. It's 4-1BB or CD137 as a target coupled with PD-L1. So 4-1BB has a long history in the past, of other companies trying it on its own and ran into toxicity, particularly LiverTox. So the coupling with PD-L1 was done as a delivery mechanism to take that 4-1BB to PD-L1 expression areas. And the theory been would avoid the associated toxicity plus then get the enhanced efficacy either additive or synergy wise, and the program is going well. We'll present data probably next year. We won't see data this year from it. But it continues to go well. There is a tremendous amount of interest from people who work in the field around it and the sort of balls in our hands, so to speak to get to a safe dose and then progress it. But we're encouraged by what we've seen thus far and the program is enrolling pretty well. Thanks.
Michael Schmidt: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mike for any further or closing comments.
Mike Booth: So thank you all for taking the time to join us on the call today and for your questions. Of course, Christine and I will be available for the rest of the day for any follow-ups. But for now, we thank you again, and we'll close the call. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte 2020 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the conference over to your host, Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incytes first 2020 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session. During the question-and-answer session, I ask that you limit yourself to one question, and if needed one follow-up, as this will enable as many of you to ask questions as time allows. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2020 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and our development plans and expectations for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and from time to time in our other SEC documents. In addition, I would like to caution everyone that COVID-19 pandemic is an evolving situation, and as it's still relatively early to be able to assess the full impact of governmental, business and social actions and policies and overall economic conditions on our business. Accordingly, it is important to keep in mind that our statements on this webcast speak as of today. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I hope that all of you and your families are safe and healthy. During this unprecedented and uncertain time, it's evident that the COVID-19 pandemic has had a profound impact on almost every aspect of people's lives and has affected businesses all around the world. Before we begin, I want to take a moment to thank the millions of people who are at the frontline, from doctors, nurses to all other essential workers who are continuing to provide their much needed services. With this pandemic at the forefront of everyone's mind, I want to start our earnings call by providing an update as it relates to the COVID-19 impact on four areas of our business, namely our commercial, supply, regulatory, and clinical operations. When we enacted our global business continuity plans over two months ago, our key priorities were to ensure that patients continue to receive their life-saving medicines that we continue to provide our customers a support they need and importantly to do this in a manner that minimizes the health risk to our employees and our customers. I'm proud of the team here at Incyte for continuing to deliver throughout this period, and I'm extremely grateful to those working on-site to maintain our critical operations. Today, there has been no impact on our commercial business, and we saw continued strong performance in the first quarter. We have ample drug supply and our manufacturing processes are proceeding without interruption. On the regulatory front, there has been no impact to-date on key timelines. We recently announced one of our three anticipated approvals in 2020, and we continue to expect FDA decision on both capmatinib and tafasitamab in the coming months. We do not expect disruption to other key regulatory timelines, including the NDA submission of ruxolitinib cream for atopic dermatitis at the end of the year. With regards to clinical development, as of today, while our late-stage programs remain broadly on track, we anticipate that short-term effects may continue to emerge across different aspects of our global clinical trial programs, including new patient recruitment. The degree of impact may vary by disease state and by severity of disease as well as by geography as some regions are more adversely impacted. In terms of our effort to help address this pandemic, we have recently initiated the global Phase III RUX-COVID trial in partnership with Novartis to assess ruxolitinib in patients with COVID-19 associated cytokine storm. In the U.S., we are also starting another trial, evaluating ruxolitinib as a potential treatment for COVID-19 patients who are on mechanical ventilation. We have also opened an emergency expanded access program, which will allow eligible patients with severe COVID-19 to receive ruxolitinib. Studies are also ongoing with baricitinib where Lilly has recently entered into an agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, which is part of the NIH, to study baricitinib as an arm in its COVID-19 clinical trial. Multiple investigator-initiated trials for both ruxolitinib and baracitinib are ongoing and planned as part of the global evaluation of whether JAK-inhibition plays a role in improving outcomes in COVID-19. Turning to our first quarter performance. The results reflect the benefit of our long-term strategy and our execution on the plans we have previously laid out. In the first quarter of the year, we continued our strong commercial execution with Jakafi achieving 22% growth over the first quarter of last year to reach $459 million and total product and royalty revenues growing by 24% year-over-year to $569 million for the quarter. Our financial position is also strong with $1.3 billion in cash at the end of Q1 2020. In the recent months, we also made significant progress on the regulatory and clinical development fronts. We recently received FDA approval of Pemazyre, which brings another inside discover molecule to market, and provides further testament to the strong R&D capabilities we have here at Incyte. By the end of 2020, with our respective collaboration partners, Novartis and MorphoSys, we could see two additional new product approvals with capmatinib as a treatment for certain patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer and tafasitamab for relapsed refractory DLBCL, both of which are under priority review with the FDA. In addition, we presented positive data from our TRuE-AD Phase III program at the revolutionizing atopic dermatitis conference, and we remain on track to submit an NDA for ruxolitinib cream at the end of the year. Despite the uncertainties brought down by COVID-19, I remain confident about our future prospects as we continue to execute on our goals. Slide 6 shows our ongoing revenue momentum over the last several years with four sources of revenue driving topline growth. We will be adding a fifth revenue stream following the recent approval of Pemazyre. Looking to the remainder of 2020, our key priorities are to maintain our revenue momentum and to drive continued growth of Jakafi in the U.S. We are also focused on executing a successful launch of Pemazyre, which Barry will cover shortly and preparing for the potential FDA approval of tafasitamab. Our LIMBER development program remains a key priority, and we are working towards the planned initiation of our BET and ALK2 programs and the expected opening of the pivotal RUX plus parsaclisib trial. 2020 is shaping to be a transformational year for Incyte, and I look forward to updating you throughout the year. I'll now pass the call over to Barry who will provide more detail on both first quarter Jakafi performance as well as our commercial activities for Pemazyre.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Slide 8 shows strong growth of Jakafi quarter-over-quarter, mostly driven by increases in patient volume. As expected, gross to net was much higher in Q1 due to our portion of the donut hole we are responsible for under Medicare Part D and the increase in TRuE-AD out-of-pocket cost or Troop that began in 2020. The chart on the right shows the total number of patients on therapy across all three indications. The total number of patients and new patients treated with Jakafi for MF, PV, and GVHD continues to grow. In GVHD, Jakafi is rapidly becoming the standard of care in the steroid-refractory acute setting. We are very pleased to have REACH2 published in a New England Journal of Medicine, underscoring the importance of Jakafi as a treatment option for patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD. In the 300-patient randomized REACH2 trial, ruxolitinib demonstrated a 62% overall response rate versus 39% seen with best available therapy. REACH2 was the first randomized trial to show a benefit in this hard-to-treat patient population and showed convincingly that ruxolitinib was more effective than investigators' choice of therapy from a list of nine commonly used options in patients in whom steroid therapy had bailed. We also applaud the FDA for granting full approval of ruxolitinib last year based on the single-arm REACH1 trial. Results from REACH3 are study evaluating ruxolitinib in the steroid-refractory chronic GVHD are expected in the second half of this year. Our long-term outlook for Jakafi remains positive. Patient demand remains strong, and as a result, we are reiterating our guidance for the full year. It is during this time, however, that we must stay focused and work even harder to engage our customers to provide them with continued support and to drive disease awareness. We have much success in implement - we've had much success in implementing our digital and virtual strategies, and our top priority is to ensure that patients are able to receive their medicine. Our commercial focus in the U.S. remains on the success of Jakafi, and we take these learnings and apply similar methods to our launch of Pemazyre. Pemazyre is the first treatment innovation for patients with cholangiocarcinoma in 25 years, and represents an important addition to our portfolio of oral cancer medicines. We have launched Pemazyre and are focusing on a targeted group of approximately 1,000 physicians, two-thirds of which are already prescribing Jakafi. This allows our commercial team to leverage existing relationships, helping to facilitate part of the promotional effort behind Pemazyre. We will also drive health care professional interaction through our virtual programs and digital promotional assets, building on some of the existing strategies we are already successfully utilizing with Jakafi. Our sales, market access and medical affairs teams are actively scheduling virtual appointments with our customers and are using the technology in place to share resources and materials in virtual meetings. All of these efforts complement our ongoing unbranded, educational campaign focused on cholangiocarcinoma. And of course, as more patients are treated with targeted therapies like Pemazyre, it's increasingly important to continue to educate and promote appropriate FGFR testing in order to enable the proper identifications of those patients who stand to benefit most from Pemazyre. While we appreciate that the commercial potential for cholangiocarcinoma may be relatively modest, every patient we can help matters. So we are also developing pemigatinib in other tumor types that are driven by FGFR alterations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry. And good morning, everyone. Starting with ruxolitinib cream, we were very pleased to share with you the positive results from our Phase 3 TRuE-AD program at the revolutionizing atopic dermatitis conference a few weeks ago. As you can see on the graphs on the left, ruxolitinib cream achieved clinical and statistical significance in the primary endpoint of investigator global assessment treatment success, or IGA-TS at week eight. Similarly, clinical and statistical significance was demonstrated in a 75% reduction in the eczema area and severity index score or EASI-75, and in the analysis of the four-point reduction in the itch numerical rating scale, or NRS4, which is what the FDA has defined to be a meaningful endpoint in terms of itch reduction. With the highest concentration of 1.5%, we see substantial and more importantly, a very rapid reduction of itch with RUX cream within 12 hours of initiation of therapy. The strength of these data show ruxolitinib cream has been able to demonstrated motive action anti-inflammator and antipyretic activities, which together could make for a very effective therapy. As it relates to safety, there were no notable safety findings, either locally or systemically that were associated with treatment. We are on track with the development timelines for ruxolitinib cream. The long-term safety data have been collected and we continue to expect to submit the NDA for ruxolitinib cream at the end of this calendar year. The vitiligo trials remain ongoing and we continue to expect data in 2021.  Turning now to Pemazyre. Pemazyre was approved based on data from the FIGHT-202 study, where treatment with pemigatinib resulted in an objective response rate of 36%, and a median duration of response of over nine months in patients with FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements. The most common adverse event was hyperphosphatemia, most of which was low-grade and manageable. The full data set from FIGHT-202 was recently published in the set we are very proud to offer a therapy for patients living with cholangiocarcinoma, where prognosis is poor and where there's been limited treatment options to date. We continue to study pemigatinib in clinical trials for bladder cancer, an 8p11 myeloproliferative neoplasm as well as the tumor-agnostic indications. Now turning to efforts in COVID-19. Cytokine storm is a severe immune overreaction that can be triggered by a viral infection and leads to serious complications, including acute respiratory distress syndrome, which is a form of respiratory failure that is one of the leading causes of mortality in COVID-19 patients. Patients with severe COVID-19 experience massive immune in filtration with associated pro-inflammatory cytokines, ultimately leading to damage. Many of the elevated pro inflammatory cytokines that perpetuate the cytokine storm, exemplified by interferon gamma, IL-6, GM-CSF and G-CSF signal either through JAK1 or JAK2. We believe that treating cytokine storm with ruxolitinib as an inhibitor of both JAK1 and JAK2, may mitigate COVID-19 associated cytokine storm and thus reduce the overall disease burden. We recently initiated our RUX-COVID program to evaluate ruxolitinib as a potential therapy for patients with COVID-19 associated cytokine storm. Our team in collaboration with our partners at Novartis initiated a global Phase 3 program. We anticipate recruiting approximately 400 patients with COVID-19 associated cytokine storm in RUX-COVID. And we'll be evaluating ruxolitinib, 5 milligrams BID plus standard of care versus standard of care alone. The composite primary endpoint is the proportion of patients who die, develop respiratory failure, require mechanical ventilation or acquire ICU care by day 29. We are also opening a second Phase 3 trial in the United States, the 369 trial that will evaluate ruxolitinib in patients with acute respiratory distressed syndrome secondary to COVID-19. ARDS is a type of respiratory failure, characterized by rapid onset of widespread inflammation in the lungs. And this trial will this trial will evaluate two doses of ruxolitinib, 5 milligrams BID and 15 milligrams BID and is expected to recruit around 500 patients. The key difference between RUX-COVID and the 369 trial is that patients in the former are not on ventilation, whereas those in the 369 trial are on mechanical ventilation. My last slide is our news flow summary. As you can see, we have begun the year well and have already announced several important milestones, including positive Phase 3 data from ruxolitinib cream and the recent FDA approval of premise. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thanks, Steven. And good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and number. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non GAAP, please refer to slide 25 and 26 in the backup section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning. Before turning to our results for the quarter, I'd like to review the accounting treatment for collaboration with MorphoSys. As a reminder, our collaboration with MorphoSys has two components. The co-development and co-commercialization of tafacitamab by Incyte and MorphoSys in the U.S. and the exclusive development and commercialization of tafasitamab by inside  outside the U.S. In terms of how we will be accounting for the collaboration, if tafacitamab is approved, MorphoSys will record will record all sales in the U.S. and Incyte will record wholesales outside the U.S. Our COGS will include only COGS outside of the U. S. as well as royalties payable to MorphoSys on net sales outside the U.S. Our R&D expense will include a 55% share of global and U.S.-specific development costs as well as 100% of any development costs, specific to territories outside the U.S. In addition, it will include any upfront and milestones that are payable prior to approval. Our SG&A expense will include only our commercialization cost for tafacitamab outside the U.S. Finally, we will record our 50% of the U.S. net commercialization profit or loss as a single line item in our financial results, as a revenue item when it constitutes as net profit or an operating expenses items when it constitutes a net loss. COGS and all costs associated with the commercialization efforts related to tafasitamab in the U.S. will be included in this profit or loss sharing line, not in the COGS and SG&A expense line. Now moving to our results for the first quarter. Revenue growth continued to be strong across all products, with total product and royalty revenues of $569 million, representing an increase of 24% over the first quarter of 2019. This is comprised of $459 million in Jakafi and $27 million in exclusive net product revenues, $56 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis and $25 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. Our total cost and expenses for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis of $1.2 billion include the $805 million related to the upfront consideration to MorphoSys, which consisted of a $750 million upfront payment and $55 million premium on our purchase of MorphoSys stock. Excluding our R&D upfront and milestone expenses, total COGS, ongoing R&D and SG&A expenses for the quarter was $371 million on a non-GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D expense for the quarter was $251 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 3% increase from the prior year quarter. SG&A expense for the quarter was $98 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a representing a 12% decrease over the entire year quarter. This was primarily due to the timing of certain expenses. Collaboration loss for the quarter was $2.1 million, which represents a 50% share of the U.S. net commercialization loss for tafasitamab. Our financial position continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with $1.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. The decrease from $2.1 billion at 2019 year-end reflects the upfront payment and stock purchase related to the MorphoSys collaboration, partially offset by the cash flow generated during the quarter. Moving on to our guidance for 2020, we are reiterating our revenue, COGS, R&D and SG&A expense guidance for the year. While Jakafi had exclusive performance in the first quarter was strong, the COVID-19 situation presents uncertainty. Therefore, we believe it is prudent to retain the full range of the previously communicated revenue guidance of $1.88 billion to $1.95 billion for Jakafi and $100 million to $105 million for Iclusig. For R&D, we are reiterating our previous guidance of $1.21 billion to $1.28 billion. As a result of reallocation funds between programs in our portfolio, we now expect this to cover also our 55% share of tafasitamab co-development costs. For clarity, this guidance range excludes the $805 million upfront consideration recoded in Q1 related to our collaboration with MorphoSys. Finally, at this early stage, we will not be providing guidance of Pemazyre sale or on our collaboration, net profit or loss resulting from the commercialization activities for tafasitamab in the U.S. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen & Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the quarter. Maybe a question for Steven. It seems like we're going to be getting a decent amount of data out of the LIMBER program over the next six, nine months. Maybe if you can set the stage there. When we see PI3-kinase data in the first half, should we think of that as setting kind of the bar for all other combos to warrant advancement or do you think the combinations are likely to be effective in kind of different patient populations, and therefore they kind of need to be evaluated all on their own?
Steven Stein: Hi, Marc, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So, obviously, as Herv alluded upfront, I mean, this remains of critical importance to us and of major focus to us. And thankfully, despite the pandemic remains on track as well. In terms of this year's execution, there are three aspects beyond everything else going on in LIMBER, one is to get the monotherapy safety components of ALK2 and the BET program done and moved to the combinations of RUX plus ALK2 and RUX plus BET. And then as you alluded to, is start the pivotal Phase 3 of RUX plus PI3-kinase delta. They are slightly different. We dont have a biomarker selection per se, but they're different intents behind the program. So if you look at ALK2, the combination there, it's important to both focus on enhancing efficacy, which we expect. But also safety in terms of anemia there and hopefully ameliorate the anemia through the hepcidin inhibition , which then would translate to being able to maintain ruxolitinib dosing and hopefully also enhance efficacy. So it's a dual play in that aspect. In terms of BET BRD inhibition, obviously, we've watched the consolidation data evolve both in the first-line and later settings. And if some maturity of that data needed, and we have to make sure there are apple-apple comparisons as much as possible in terms of patients treated, but the idea is to do the same thing there in terms of enhance the efficacy of ruxolitinib in those settings, particularly in second line and potentially in first line as well. And obviously, we'll just see where the data leads us in terms of getting that combination done as efficiently as possible. For delta, we very carefully built that data set. We've done different experiments with scheduling and dosing, we've now come down to the constant dosing being the way to go in terms of delta. In terms of the magnitude of the dose, we think we've weaved the therapeutic ratio correctly in terms of getting the efficacy we need from delta inhibition, but not the enhanced toxicity from it, and that's why we're initiating the Phase 3 studies. The bars may well end up being somewhat different in first line versus later lines. I think as we speak today, the first-line bar in terms of spleen volume response, which we set with ruxolitinib years ago remains a 35% measured reduction plus associated symptom reduction. In later line settings, we'll see as we work with regulators, whether a lower bar may be acceptable, for example something like a 20% screen volume reduction with associated clinical benefit in other endpoints like symptoms, and that remains to be worked out with regulators. So the programs are full steam ahead as much as possible given COVID-19, and we're confident that they are in a good place and then have slightly different intents to all three programs.
Marc Frahm: Okay. And if I can do a follow-up based on that. You mentioned one of the big things is the BET inhibitor getting eventually into a combination. In the press release, it says you're preparing a Phase 2, does that mean you started combination dosing already or is that Phase 2 the beginning of combination dosing?
Herv Hoppenot: So Marc, just to remind you, we had a numerous BET inhibitors in the clinic over the last few years. We put ourselves on a hold from on target thrombocytopenia a little over a year ago and then sort of resurrected that second BET inhibitors to go into the clinic now. So, what I'm saying is we know that compound pretty well. Obviously, now we're dosing at a much smaller absolute dose in terms of about a 20% to 30% dose range versus what we were in the clinic before and expected on target toxicity should obviously be much less. We just need to prove that to ourselves hopefully relatively efficiently with monotherapy and then start the combination as soon as possible, so that will be the Phase 2 component, if you will, will be when we move into the combination part. But I think the semantics arent that important, what you call it here because it's about just getting sufficient safety and then go into combination as efficiently as possible.
Marc Frahm: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask you about your work that you're doing in COVID-19. And I guess, first, do you have much insight into the time lines for RUX in the COVID-19 studies, especially CRS? And when you're thinking about standard-of-care, do you think you're going to have to build remdesivir into your protocols? And then secondly, I recognize this isn't the primary purpose of this work, but can you discuss any general thoughts you have about the potential market opportunity if RUX were to ultimately be approved here? Thanks.
Steven Stein: So Cory, its, Steven. I'll start off and then hand it over to Herve for your second question. So again, there are two studies. There's RUX-COVID, the global study with Novartis in patients who are sick in hospital with evidence of elevated cytokines, but not ventilated yet, [indiscernible] hopefully not. And then the second protocol, the 369 protocol is in ventilated patients, and we're testing two dose levels there. We knew that the standard-of-care would likely evolve and would evolve relatively rapidly, so we routed in allowing standard-of-care in combination with the treatment arm, in this case, ruxolitinib as well as the standard-of-care arm to be as dictated on the day. So it's open to whatever would have evolved and very much had prepared for remdesivir being the potential standard -of-care, which it looks like it is now. So there's no issue related to that. What we will have to watch from a statistical point of view, obviously, is that the arms full with appropriate numbers of both patients. But given where we're conducting the studies in Europe with Novartis and here in the United States with us and the sites that are involved, we expect that to be the case, and remdesivir would be rapidly adopted as a standard-of-care and wouldn't be a problem. There's no interaction to worry about in terms of drug-drug interaction with that particular antiviral and ruxolitinib. So we're ready to do that. And then for the market opportunity part, I'll hand it over to Herv. 
Herv Hoppenot: Yeah. Thank you. So first, I mean, obviously, we hope that it would be a relatively short-lived phenomenon. So frankly, we don't see COVID-19 as a commercial opportunity of any magnitude for ruxolitinib. We moved very fast. I mean, there is a very strong preclinical rationale. There is a lot of work that was done already with JAK inhibition in CRS from CAR-T treatment. So there is a very good science. We had the certainties, both at Novartis and Incyte, work together to put the program in place. And frankly, it was very interesting to see the speed at which we were able to work on this with Novartis, where we made the decision to go into the protocol on the phone with Velcea [ph] in a few minutes. We had the team's work over the weekend to get the protocol be prepared so that it could be submitted. And the speed at which everything moved was really driven by the emergency of trying to find a solution for this pandemic on the COVID-19 situation around the world. We think over time -- and then we put in place an already access program in the US that will be ease up already and will be providing the opportunity for all patients to receive ruxolitinib as part of this protocol free of charge. So that's where we are. The Phase 3 studies are starting. We will have the results, I assume, in Q3 and then we will work with the FDA to see what we do from there. But from our side, we don't it as a meaningful market opportunity. Over time, I think it's really trying to deal with the situation that we are all facing.
Cory Kasimov: All right. Great. Thanks so much for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The first one maybe for Herv. How are you thinking about capital allocation and BD strategy in the context of your launch outlook? You've got three this year and potentially three to four next year. And then given the pipeline outlook as well? And then a second question here with Pemazyre. Can you discuss how the groundwork around the launch in cholangiocarcinomas that you up for bladder cancer? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot: Yeah. So I'll let Barry speak about Pemazyre. On the capital allocation and the BD strategy, I think we are very much in a mode that has been demonstrated by what we have done over the past few months. I mean, we are trying to continue to build a portfolio that will grow our revenue line, continue to grow the revenue line at a fast pace over the next five, six years, so that we have a diversified portfolio in 2025 -- in that window, 2025 to 2030. I think the agreement with MorphoSys is a good example of that. It's synergistic from the commercial standpoint. It's dealing with the customer base that we know very well in hematology. It's adding a new product to our hematology portfolio, and it has a large potential to contribute to our revenue growth. So we will continue to look for that type of opportunity. There is a dermatology field that is also now the second divisions that we have -- that we are building. So it could be another place where if there are good opportunities in that field where we could also invest. We have a strong cash position now. We also have a very strong cash flow. So that's really the drive for our capital allocation and strategy is to continue to grow the revenue and diversify the portfolio with a target in the years 2025 to 2030 as a sort of where we want to see the impact of these new products and these investments.
Barry Flannelly: So the second part of your question, Salveen. So Pemazyre launch is going very well. We are very proud of the company that we got approved on a Friday night by the FDA, and we had drug in our distribution center. By Sunday, and we shipped out drug on Monday. So descriptions are coming in for Pemazyre. And to-date, we have no indication that there's been any problem with market access or payers not paying for it. So in our sense, it's actually going very well despite the fact and we're doing a virtual launch, and we've learned lots of things. We've been doing virtual activities, digital activities, for Jakafi for a while now, and we're getting even better on it for Pemazyre. So that's going very well. For bladder cancer, the most important thing for cholangiocarcinoma and then for bladder cancer is that physicians are, in fact, testing for FGFR alterations. And we think that as we continue to work to educate health care professionals on making sure they're testing in cholangiocarcinoma situation for FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements, that, that will then have us set up very well from moving to bladder cancer because, again, the most important thing is to identify the most appropriate patients that could benefit from Pemazyre in bladder cancer, when we have the data available.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. I guess a question on the commercial side for Barry. Just wondering if you're seeing any changes in prescription patterns for Jakafi exiting first quarter and maybe early in second quarter as a result of COVID-19, things like accelerations of refills or fills, longer duration scripts, any impact on compliance in either direction? And I'm wondering also if you're starting to see any impact to GVHD as transplant practices evolve. Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Brian. So for the first part of your question is have we seen any changes in the amount of drug that patients are getting, and the answer is no. Generally speaking, all of our patients on Jakafi get a 30-day supply, that's particularly for MF or PV and that's there was only about 3% of patients that actually might receive a prescription for more than 30 days supply, and that hasn't changed. At least in the first quarter, and now moving into second quarter, we haven't seen any changes for that. As opposed to new patients starts, again, first quarter we had a very good first quarter. New patient starts were very good. And in fact, that should be able to carry us through for the next couple of quarters until we get back to a more normal state. So we're very confident in that sense. You know, there might be some indications those high-impact areas, whether it's for GVHD, MF or PV. So places like New York City, for example, you might see a slowdown in new patients start. But in fact because we are on oral therapy that's well-known, has been on the market for GVHD and of course, for MF and PV for long period of time. Those refills and those patients are coming back and thats why we are still confident in our guidance that we provided today.
Brian Abrahams: Thats really helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now live.
Tyler Van Buren: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I had another question on rux for COVID-19. So, I guess, recently had a call with Palm Nages [ph], who is the Head of an ICU COVID-19 taskforce and she was discussing the history of immunomodulators and respiratory distress syndrome. And clearly, CRS here manifesting a respiratory distress is a little different than CRS that you see with cell therapy. And see mentioned that immunomodulators historically have every single therapy or every single trial has failed in respiratory distress syndrome. So I guess, I want to ask you guys why maybe that history is not relevant here and why COVID-19 is different?
Steven Stein: Yes, Tyler, it's Steven. Thanks for your question. And it's always good -- to have these learnings from prior studies invoked. You know, I think, the central difference here and I have to be careful of just catching semantic labels to things that then apply to other things. If you look biologically and pathophysiologically at whats going on, on the information we have out of China and now other places, in these patients there is elevation, moderate elevations of cytokines that have been documented like IL-6. There is evidence of acute phase reactants going up like [indiscernible] C-reactive protein and ferritin as well. And then -- we have evidence that with drugs like ruxolitinib, you can use appropriately suppress dose. And then -- the question is, will they translate to a clinical improvement in that setting. So just to be clear, it's not across the board for every single patient with this entity. These RUXCOVID is for sick patients in hospital, who are pre-ventilation, but have biochemical evidence of cytokine storm or cytokine elevation and acute phase reactants been positive, and then are randomized to ask the question very clearly. And in this setting, induced by COVID-19 does [indiscernible] those cytokines result in the clinical improvement. And it's different from ARDS due to other entities that in the past may have caused it. And that's why I think it's a key question to ask. And then you've seen the IL-6 data evolve. I mean now the question is beyond -- direct IL-6 inhibition there's a more broad inhibitor like JAK inhibitor like ruxolitinib or in  or baricitinib, able to modulate this cytokine elevations and then have a clinical benefit beyond that will be answered in the these randomized studies. So I think your word of caution is good, but this is a different entity, and we have to be careful of some of the semantics.
Tyler Van Buren: That's helpful. And maybe just a brief follow-up. As we think about JAKs inhibition in comparison to IL-6 is there any reason to believe that JAK inhibition will be better?
Dashyant Dhanak: Yes. This is Dash. I will take that question. So, yes, in principle, as Steven mentioned, with something like an IL-6 antibody, you're only really blocking the one cytokine that's led to be involved in the disease process with something like JAK inhibition -- excuse me, you're now targeting multiple cytokines, which you know all signal downstream through, the JAKAFI pathway. So in principle, we would argue. And I think there's data out there to support this, that by going further downstream of targeting multiple cytokines, you should have a big event effect than targeting a single, protein that we know involved in the process.
Tyler Van Buren: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I had a couple on tafacitamab. And so first, I first, I wanted to see if the MAA submission is still on track for mid-2020, in the EU? And secondly, I wanted to see if COVID-19 related disruption is having any impact to your build-out of the team and infrastructure, you'll eventually need to be commercializing tafacitamab in Europe. And lastly, for the initial Phase-I data I believe we're expecting, in first-line DLBCL by the end of the year. What can we expect to see there? And how should we frame our expectations for what the benchmark, should be there?
Steven Stein: So Vikram, its Steven. I'll do your first and third question. And then the commercial question, someone else will take. So just to cut to the chase, in terms of the MAA filing, yeah, it's completely on track. And we have had no problems getting that together and getting ready to submit it appropriately. In terms of first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, the Phase I looks at the regimen of tafasitamab the Care Standard, R-CHOP. And its safety profile there versus tafa plus R-CHOP alone without the LIM addition. That is ongoing and that we should have data by the end of the year to then enable a decision on which of those two regimens should potentially be used against R-CHOP, in a larger randomized Phase III first line study. So that remains on track to be done, the safety component.
Herv Hoppenot: And maybe I can speak about Europe and maybe Barry can speak about the U.S., which is coming sooner. So in Europe, we are at the stage of the submission. So we are sort of targeting next year. And as you know, we have in place a team in haematology, today already. We will be expanding that team and we hope and we expect that the expansion will take place after the confinement has been lifted in that case. If it's not the case, obviously, it will lead us to a different direction. Regarding the U.S. and the prep for the U.S., maybe Barry can say a word more.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So obviously, we're co promoting with Morphosys. So MorphoSys has their team fully in place already, sales, medical, market access and so forth. We actually have our medical affairs and market access team in place. And in fact, they're actively bringing on our salespeople. As far as COVID-19 goes, in our current situation, it's a very good time actually for them to train and become experts in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and tafacitamab, if they're not already there. So training continues to go on in action with health care professionals goes on, as we continue to prepare for this launch. But -- and we don't think it will interfere with it and even if we have to a lot of our launch of tafacitamab virtually. We're fully prepared to do that as well.
Vikram Purohit: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Matt Phipps: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions, two quick ones on the I-O programs. Just the decision to not start a stage three non-cell lung cancer trial, I think that's probably prudent. But how do you think you get a return on investment with your PD-1 antibody? And then as a follow-up for the oral compound, when you see data late this year, is there a potential to kind of quickly advance this to later stage trials, if you hit kind of a pharmacodynamic and safety profile? Are we going to just move to a kind of mid stage expansion indications going more?
Herv Hoppenot: Yeah. Maybe I can take the first question on the antibody on the PD-1 antibody 012, and Steven can speak about the perspective on the project for and the rest of the portfolio of on the oral products. I think if you remember, I mean, the rationale at the beginning, that is still totally true is that it is very useful as a portfolio to have a PD-1 antibody that you can combine with other products that would be potentially used in the same patient population. The typical example would be FGFR in bladder cancer, but there are many other combination that are being done and I think that rationale is a absolutely true. On top of it, we have the so-called niche indication program that where we could have in the relatively short-term potential for an approval of the product. So this is ongoing and doing well. And then we had this program in lung cancer and where we have one of the two Phase 3 studies in lung cancer in first line non-small cell lung cancer is ongoing. And we decided not to do the other one, mainly because the design of the study was such that it would be problematic to gain FDA approval without doing a study that was extraordinarily large or very risky. So we are in a situation where we believe there is a clear rationale of having an antibody anti-PD-1 in our portfolio, where we have a short-term opportunity with some of the niche indication. And we have to take a little bit more time, the potential to have that product approved in the first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, and that would give us overall an ROI that would be very satisfying on top of strategic opportunity also to have a springboard for our oral PD-1 program. So I will let Steven speak about the oral program.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Herv. In terms of the oral PD-L1 inhibitor, the number we call 550 been in the clinic for a little over a year now, obviously, started off with the first-in-human dose escalation to get to a recommended Phase 2 dose. That we know is in the pharmacologically active range in terms of PD-L1 inhibition and what we want to see in the tumor microenvironment as well. And then move on to treating tumors, which, in broadly speaking, we call benchmarking. But looking at areas that are potentially I-O naive settings like lung, melanoma, where we can treat those patients in that part of the world, and that's going on now to get that data to see the efficacy bars, the efficacy signals that we get from the drug in those various entities. Once we're able to look at that this year, internally, we would then decide, do we have proof of concept, where it exists and where to go. And the way we then approach it, which is the meat of your question is what are the rapid registration approaches then once we have internal proof-of-concept and where we want to go and chase those various entities, and then look more broadly, given that it's an oral therapy, given that it lends itself to maintenance and adjuvant settings, again, if we've achieved proof of concept, have the efficacy we've seen, look at those bigger Phase 3s in those sort of settings and then include potentially large tumor types as well. But the program continues to progress well. And we're enrolling patients as we speak in the benchmarking setting to work as quickly as we can to proof-of-concept. And I think we've demonstrated once we hit that and once we're comfortable internally, we could move to later trials very quickly.
Matt Phipps: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Tazeen Ahmad: Good morning. A couple of questions. Going back to Jakafi estimates for the year. On reiterating your guidance, I just wanted to get a little bit of color on your thoughts maybe about mix, can you give us an idea of what percent of sales right now are coming from Medicaid? And what part of maintaining guidance assumes that, that proportion stays the same. And I'm asking this question. Because the unemployment rate that we temporarily has picked up higher, how does that come into your calculations about revenue streams from Jakafi for the rest of the year? And then a pipeline question, if I might also ask, what have you been able to learn from the launch of BALVERSA? And the reason for this question is more to get a sense of how you're thinking about hemi second indication in urothelial and if there's any learnings you've gotten from that? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot: Sure, Tazeen. So as far as our mix of patients, so I guess, in this situation, we're fortunate that most of our patients are in fact covered by other government programs, Medicare Part D, Va, DOD, Tricare and so forth. Our commercial patient population is about 30%, 35% that makes up. And yes, Medicaid is really only about 4% of our payer mix right now. Could it go up? Sure. But again, if it's like 30%, it's going to go up 10%, we really don't think it's a big factor at all. And as we go forward with our forecasting for the rest of the year and the guidance that we provided today, we'll have to see. Obviously, there's uncertainty there. But nevertheless, we think we're okay with reinforcing our current guidance. As what we learned from BALVERSA, I don't know what we've learned. We haven't heard a lot from Janssen or at least I haven't heard left from Janssen, they don't seem to be releasing their sales on BALVERSA themselves. And the most important thing perhaps is that they're continuing to educate on testing for FGFR alterations that could help us in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Curious about your work in dermatology. What are the gating factors to filing your topical RUX NDA for atopic dermatitis? And then what are your plans to build your dermatology commercial infrastructure? And for vitiligo, how is that study enrolling? And how has it been impacted by COVID-19? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Jay, Steven. Again I will do your first and third question and someone will take your middle one. So in terms remember, the atopic dermatitis studies have completed enrollment. Obviously, we've presented the data now, and we alluded to it in the prepared remarks. And we're moving full steam ahead to get that file in place. We were slightly worried about the impact of COVID-19 on the ability to go to sites, monitor and grab the data. But we havent had any problems to date and thats why we said on the prepared remarks, we remain on track to do that submission by the end of this year. That remains the plan, and it's full steam ahead on that. It's why the end of the year, it's to wait for the safety follow-up. So we need that adequate range of safety follow-up from the last patient as to make the complete submission and get it in by the end of the year. In terms of the vitiligo studies, they were enrolled really well. There's a minor impact from COVID-19. But as Herv said on his remarks, which I think are really important to remind you, different parts of the world have impacted at different times. And again, our studies remain on track there, and we remain on track to deliver those studies in 2021 as planned.
Herv Hoppenot: On the commercial plan, so what we have said and it's still very true today is, in the US, we are in the process of building a team. So we have already an excellent clinical development team that is in place. We are looking at all the other components of what will be a commercial group that is of high-quality with a lot of experience in the field with market access, with medical affairs and with the commercial group. So all of that is that is ongoing. You heard the timeline. The submission is planned for the end of this year. So you can expect the end of next year as being the potential launch date, and so we are on track to doing that. Outside of the US, frankly, we are looking at many different optionalities, which could be going alone in Europe or having a partner and both options are still open, and we have discussions on going to identify what would be the best way to do it. I can tell you following the excellent data we had in atopic dermatitis. It certainly stimulated a lot of interest. And I would say for the rest of the world, we are more certain that we will need a partnership instead of building, and we are also looking at the right timing for putting these partnerships in place for Asia and some other regions of the year. So the plan is really being executed now, and it's in good shape. And for the US, as we said, I mean, the build-up of the commercial team is already starting with the first component with market access and some marketing people.
Operator: Thank. Our next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Michael Schmidt: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just going back to bladder cancer, could you just remind us of peers profile there and how you think it might compare not only to Balversa, but also to other recently launched drugs such as itacitinib [ph] genetic process. And then the second question was going back to tafacitamab and the US launch. We've obviously seen some early FDA action recently. And I was just wondering, more curious about potential overlap here in terms of marketing with your current Jakafi target market and the utilization of that sales force for launching itacitinib in the US?
Steven Stein: So Michael, it's Steven. I'll take your first question and thank you for it. So again, in terms of bladder cancer and FGFR3 being the driver there, obviously, we have the monotherapy data, both with intermittent dosing and continuous dosing coming in and looking at it. We already spoke on call a couple of weeks ago that there has been some COVID-19 impact and our ability to gather that data in house and present to it. So it's more likely in early 2021 that we'll have that monotherapy data for you. We have an ongoing first-line study in combination with a PD-1 inhibitor with pembro. And obviously, you alluded to how does it fit in, in terms of the Seattle drug. And we'll have to see. Again, this is a targeted agent for FGFR3 and there may be evolving cash standard, and we'll have to watch carefully, and we may have to change the first-line study as that market evolves and that profile of treating patients evolve. But we're on track in terms of getting that bladder data early next year. What's very important to us, though, is the tumor-agnostic program, given the potential ability to impact multiple different cancers with multiple different histologys is enrolling incredibly well and there weve seen a little to no COVID-19 impact there. We're able to find those patients and get them into that study, and that's going to be important to our overall life cycle management of the drug. And then for your next question, I'll hand it over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Yes, Michael. So your comment about the FDA and approvals, we're prepared anytime between now and the PDUFA date to launch tafacitamab and yes, actually, the nice thing about tafacitamab and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma overlaps completely with our current target population for myelofibrosis, polycythemia, vera and GVHD.
Michael Schmidt: Great. Thank you and congrats on the progress.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now live.
Mara Goldstein: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate it. Just on GVHD and Jakafi, do you have a sense of how the duration of treatment has evolved at this point? And then, I just had a question on the LIMBER program. And when you look at the totality of that program, do you see it enhancing the overall number of patients that can be brought into the MF population.
Herv Hoppenot: So, I will take it for part and hand it over to Steven for the second part. So, duration of therapy, all we really have to go by it. It's a little bit harder to get the duration of therapy for GVHD than it is for MF and PV for example. But so, we just go by the clinical trials and approximately six months is what we believe for the duration of therapy for acute steroid-refractory GVHD
Steven Stein: And for your second question in terms of the LIMBER program and the potential ability to reach more patients with MF, I think the clean answer is yes. So, let me give you an example. So if you look at ALK2, one of the main reasons patients -- the small number of patients that discontinued therapy is due to the development of anemia that becomes unmanageable if the ALK2 effect on hepcidin inhibition works and manages that, then patients won't experience that. We'll be able to stay on drug and get extra benefit from it. In addition, it would open up potentially patients who can't go on drug, being able to be treated then with the combination. So that's one good example. If you look at our formulation work, the XR formulation, the once-daily formulation, I mean there's potentially convenience there in terms of once-daily being better for patients, although that hasn't been an issue to date, but that's a potential upside. In addition, if ultimately that drug has a -- because of its PK effect and having the less [indiscernible] that ends up having a flatter profile in terms of the induction of anemia, that's another issue where in MF patients there may be increased use there. And then lastly, I'll just add, beyond everything, whether it's with BET or with Delta, if you have the desired enhanced efficacy, then treating physicians will overall be more likely to use your product in that setting. So the clean answer on, yes, if we get everywhere we want to get, I think, is pretty clear.
Mara Goldstein: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from George Farmer from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
George Farmer: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Wondering, Herv, if you can comment a bit more on the PD-1 strategy. What are your commercial expectations in front-line lung cancer and can you elaborate at all on any more -- on any of the niche indications that you had mentioned?
Herv Hoppenot: So yes, as we said, the niche indications are relatively small in terms of the number of patients for each of them. They are potential way to have to product approved which could be very important for many other aspects of the program and the combination with some of our pipeline products, et cetera. In the first line non-small cell lung cancer, as you know the approach we have is a mid- to approach in the first-line treatment of patients receiving chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer. So it will be chemo plus 012 versus chemo and if this is successful and allows us to get FDA approval in that indication, it will give us a position where it will become an alternative to existing treatment in that setting. And frankly, it's such a large number of patients that we believe it can be productive from the revenue standpoint. It is also an opportunity to develop our oral PD-1 in the right setting, because as you can imagine, if you give chemotherapy to a patient, it's not the right place to use an oral PD-1 versus an IV PD-1, while after the chemotherapy is over, they are 18 months of treatment with single-agent injectable antibody that could be obviously better managed with an oral product. So there is a scenario where it will help us organize the treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer, where you receive chemo plus an injectable PD-1, and then you can have the consolidation of the next months of treatment being done with an oral product. So there is a number of ways where this can fit very well with our portfolio. And where by itself, it is not a small number of patients in first-line lung cancer. There are a number of ways where we could gain market share, just by having the approval in that indication.
George Farmer: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Reni Benjamin from JMP Securities. Your line is now live. Hello, Reni, perhaps your phone is not mute, please pickup your handset, if you can hear me, we cannot hear you.
Reni Benjamin: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the quarter. Maybe for Steven, can you talk a little bit more about the data collection and validation disruptions on-site 201, is that something that's particular to that study and shouldn't impact other studies? Or if it could impact other studies like a true the -- what kind of measures you have in place to prevent that from happening? And then as a follow-up, maybe for Barry, I keep getting amazed like by the growth in MF. Every time I think we're hitting a plateau. You continue to find more patients. I see that it looks like about 8,000 patients for MF; 4,500 for PV; and 1,500 for GVHD roughly. Can you just talk a little bit more about how much growth you might potentially see in the MF and where these patients are coming from? Thanks.
Steven Stein: So Ren, it's Steven. I'll start. So across the board, there has obviously been a COVID impact on the program. In particularly, obviously, in places like New York City in terms of the ability to get studies done there and access sites to get data. And I think for fit 201, the particular issue was to try to get it ready to present it in a median in the second half of this year in time, just to meet those median time lines, and we realized from a site access point of view in terms of getting it in, we're just not going to be able to do that in a timely manner. So that's the issue peculiar to that related to the particular median and nothing more than that.
Herv Hoppenot: Barry?
Barry Flannelly: So Ren  yes, so MF continues to be the backbone, even though PV continues to grow faster quarter-over-quarter in terms of new patients or total patients, but MF certainly hangs in there, 8,000 patients might be right. We think the prevalent population is 15,000. Obviously, we have about 3,500 to 4,500 new MF patients a year. But I think mostly it's because we're starting new patients earlier, physicians recognizing that when they start earlier, that's when their survival benefit really comes through. And obviously, the duration of therapy, we have many patients that have been on therapy for eight years or more, in fact, so it's really starting patients earlier, getting all the new patients that are newly diagnosed and the duration of therapy.
Reni Benjamin: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Christopher Marai from Nomura. Your line is now live.
Christopher Marai: Yeah. Hey, good morning. Just a follow-up on some of your GVHD comment. For Jakafi, I was wondering if you could elaborate on the number of patients treated, whether that's just the acute setting or the acute and the chronic setting? And how do you look at growth going forward given the emerging competitive landscape there for Jakafi and GVHD?
Herv Hoppenot: So the number of patients in GVHD, so if it is approximately 1,000 patients, maybe so far that are on it. Obviously, there is spontaneous use of Jakafi in chronic GVHD. So it's -- some of those patients included there. We think the chronic indication that's coming if we get data at the end of this year. Towards the end of this year for REACH 3, it's very important for the continued growth in that patient population. But Jakafi, as we said at the beginning in the prepared statements that it's fast becoming the standard-of-care in acute steroid-refractory GVHD. Some of the other studies, some of the other drugs that are being developed in acute GVHD or chronic GVHD so far that has been necessarily pivotal data, compelling data that would -- we would think  we would interfere with the current use of Jakafi in steroid-refractory or in chronic GVHD.
Christopher Marai: Okay. And then just thinking about your PD-1 antibody in some of those combination that you alluded to, when might we start to see some of the first combination data and perhaps what combination data would you be looking at as potentially most exciting relative to, I guess, combinations with your current internal pipeline? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yeah. Thank you. Christ, its Stephen. Hi. So as Herv said, the three niche tumours are on track, swelling cholangiocarcinoma, MSI-high endometrial and the Merkel. And then lung program, the -- what we call the sort of clone study is on track as well. But in addition, and thanks for bringing it up, there are multiple studies ongoing, looking at combinations preparing for the future here, if you will, on how to use the PD-1, so both with external compounds like JAK inhibitors. But internally as well, one that would be of particular importance to us is the FGFR combination. Those are enrolling now. And I expect we will present data in the next year. So it's more likely in 2021, you will be seen the data in medium. But we will getting enabling safety work with older than as we speak over this calendar year.
Christopher Marai: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Weve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mike for any further or closing remarks.
Michael Booth: So thank you all for your time today and for your questions. Of course the IR team will be available throughout the day for any follow-up questions you may have when we look forward to talking to you at our investor conferences in the coming weeks. But for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. And stay sage and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Incyte Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash who will join us for the Q&A session. During the question-and-answer session, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and, if needed, one follow-up as this will enable as many of you to ask questions as time allows. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2020 guidance, the commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. It is also important to note that our recently announced collaboration with MorphoSys for the global development and commercialization of tafasitamab is subject to clearance by antitrust authorities and, therefore, any statements we may make about the collaboration and tafasitamab are conditioned on such clearance. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike. And good morning, everyone. So, 2019 was another year marked by strong commercial performance, including surpassing $2 billion in annual revenue for the first time. In addition, we continued to advance our R&D portfolio and make progress towards our strategic goal of diversification and growth.  During the year, we achieved 13 of the 15 key goals we laid out this time last year, including the approval and successful launch of Jakafi in steroid-refractory acute GVHD.  While the results of the GRAVITAS-301 trial of itacitinib was disappointing, we announced positive result of the Phase III REACH2 trial. We submitted the NDA for pemigatinib based on strong updated data, and we are very pleased to recently report positive top line Phase III results from rux cream in atopic dermatitis.  In addition to our internal portfolio, we continued to seek external assets that could complement our business. Our recently collaboration with MorphoSys for tafasitamab represents a strong fit with our portfolio and we expect to be able to capitalize on our commercial expertise in the US and Europe.  Turning now to our commercial performance in 2019. We had another year of robust top line growth. Product and royalty revenues grew 22% year-over-year, with growth coming from all four sources. Jakafi was up 21%, Jakavi royalties up 16%, Iclusig up 13% and Olumiant royalties doubled to $80 million. Slide 5 shows the revenue momentum over the last several years. Product and royalty revenues have more than tripled since 2016. Jakafi, with a four-year CAGR of 29%, remains a significant revenue driver and non-Jakafi revenues have shown over a 50% compounded growth over the same period.  Two new molecules, both of which were discovered at Incyte, are currently under priority review at the FDA. And these are highlighted on slide 6. Both have breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA.  The PDUFA date for pemigatinib is May 30 and we expect the FDA decision on Novartis application for the approval of capmatinib in around six months' time. The capmatinib economics to Incyte include royalties in the range of 12% to 14% on global net sales by Novartis and over $500 million in potential milestone. Tafasitamab, from our recently announced collaboration with MorphoSys, is a sub molecule currently under FDA review. We see CD19 inhibition with an Fc-engineered antibody as a unique mechanism of action that is fundamental to the treatment of B cell malignancies. We believe that tafasitamab can become a very important part of our oncology portfolio, and provides both near-term opportunities with a potential launch in DLBCL where the BLA was submitted late last year and the MAA is expected to be submitted mid this year, as well as significant potential upside in the medium to longer term.  Tafasitamab fits very well with our current commercial hematology footprint and, therefore, enable us to capitalize on our significant commercial capabilities in US and Europe.  Turning now to the key development and commercial priorities for 2020. We have the three potential new product approvals this year that I have already mentioned and we also expect to submit the NDA for rux cream in atopic dermatitis before the end of the year.  We also expect to continue the momentum within our LIMBER program, with the initiation of the first pivotal combination development trial, as well as important data from the once-a-day formulation of ruxolitinib. On the commercial side, we will work to drive continued Jakafi growth in all three indications, while also ensuring that we are ready to pursue successful launches of pemigatinib and tafasitamab.  I will now pass to Barry Flannelly for more detail on both 2019 Jakafi performance as well as our commercial preparations for pemi and tafa.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv. Good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Jakafi grew 23% year-over-year to $466 million. Patient demand continued to drive the uptake of Jakafi and growth was strong across all three indications. Jakafi has grown consistently in total patients treated and net sales for each of the past several years, fueled by growth across all indications.  The 2020 net product revenue guidance we provided for Jakafi today reflects a continuation of this growth in patients and in top line sales to a range a of $1.88 billion to $1.95 billion.  Slide 11 also highlights the key priorities for our US team this year. These priorities include continuing the growth of total patients treated in myelofibrosis; increasing the number of patients on therapy in polycythemia vera, where we recently launched a nationwide disease awareness campaign; and continuing the momentum in GVHD, where we have seen strong traction since the launch in the steroid-refractory acute setting.  We look forward to the presentation of data from REACH2 in the Presidential Symposium at the EBMT meeting next month and to the results of REACH3 in the second half of this year. REACH3 is the randomized, Phase III trial of Jakafi versus best available therapy steroid-refractory chronic GVHD. In addition, we're also planning for the potential launches of both tafasitamab and pemigatinib. We expect to be able to leverage our commercial expertise for both compounds and we will be ready to launch immediately if approved by the FDA.  I'll turn the call over to Steven for our clinical updates. 
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry. And good morning, everyone. At the beginning of 2019, we had laid out a list of key R&D goals for the year, and I'm pleased to say that we achieved most of what we set out to do.  While the recent results of GRAVITAS-301 was disappointing, we were able to report multiple successes last year. Some highlights include the positive top line result reported for the randomized REACH2 trial of ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease; the submission of an NDA for pemigatinib in cholangiocarcinoma; and the initiation of pivotal trials for ruxolitinib cream in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo.  We recently announced that the first of two Phase III trials evaluating ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis met its primary endpoint, and I'll cover this on the next slide.  We were pleased to announce that our pivotal Phase III TRuE-AD2 study achieved its primary endpoint of proportional patients with an IGA treatment success following eight weeks of therapy. This is the first of two identical pivotal trials, and we expect the results of TRuE-AD1 later in the first quarter.  In terms of study design, TRuE-AD2 recruited approximately 600 patients with mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis. Inclusion criteria included an age range of 12 to 75 years of age, an IGA score of two to three, and a percentage body surface area affected of 3% to 20%. Patients were randomized 2 to 2 to 1 to 0.75% rux cream b.i.d., 1.5% rux cream b.i.d. and a vehicle cream respectively and were on therapy for eight weeks, at which point all eligible patients could either switch to or continue on 0.75% or 1.5 rux cream b.i.d. for the long-term safety extension period. In the Phase II TRuE-AD2 study and for both doses, the efficacy data is measured in the primary and secondary endpoints, as well as a safety profile or consistent with previous data from our Phase II program, which as a reminder were presented at EADV in 2018 and have since been published in manuscript form in JACI. As required by the FDA for dermatologic studies, long-term safety data are being collected, and we continue to expect to submit the NDA for ruxolitinib cream in Q4 of this calendar year.  I wanted to take this opportunity to briefly walk through the summary clinical development program for tafasitamab. With MorphoSys, we intend to pursue development in both relapse/refractory and frontline diffuse large B cell lymphoma, as well as in relapsed/refractory CLL and other non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. For relapsed/refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma, L-MIND was the basis for the BLA submission seeking approval of the combination of tafasitamab plus lenalidomide. The B-MIND Phase III study is also underway, assessing tafa versus rituximab, both on top of bendamustine. The futility analysis for B-MIND was passed in late 2019 and primary completion is estimated for 2022. Tafa has also been evaluated in front line diffuse large B cell lymphoma.  The safety portion of the first MIND study is expected to be completed later this year whereupon we expect to start the pivotal portion of the program. As it relates to relapsed/refractory CLL and other non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, based on some promising data of tafa in combination with a PI3 kinase delta inhibitor in the COSMOS trial, we expect to initiate a trial of tafa plus our own PI3 kinase delta inhibitor parsaclisib in 2020.  Moving on to our LIMBER project on slide 16, which is our initiative focused on expanding our leadership within MPNs BEyond Ruxolitinib. Later this year, we expect initial bioavailability and bioequivalence data for once-a-day ruxolitinib, which is an important step towards a potential launch in 2022.  We expect to begin proof-of-concept combination trials of ruxolitinib at both our BET and L2 inhibitors during this year. And we also plan to initiate a pivotal trial combining ruxolitinib with parsaclisib in myelofibrosis patients, with a suboptimal response to ruxolitinib monotherapy based on encouraging proof-of-concept data.  This initiation would mark the first pivotal trial within the LIMBER program.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Steven. And good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to slides 25 and 26 in the backup section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning.  Our fourth quarter results reflect continued strong revenue growth across all products, with total product and royalty revenues of $579 million, representing an increase of 24% over the fourth quarter of 2018.  This is comprised of $466 million in Jakafi and $24 million in Iclusig net product revenues, $65 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis and $24 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly.  Our total cost and expenses for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis of $434 million increased by 10% from the prior-year quarter. As you can see, the growth rate in total costs and expenses was well below the growth rate in product and royalty revenues.  Ongoing R&D expense for the quarter was $282 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 3% increase from the prior-year quarter. This was primarily due to our existing pipeline programs progressing to later stages of development, and was partially offset by our election to end additional co-funding of development of baricitinib with Lilly.  SG&A expense for the quarter was $123 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 27% increase over the prior-year quarter. This was primarily due to an increase in the commercialization efforts related to Jakafi. Looking at full-year 2019 results, total products and royalty revenues of $2.08 billion grew 22%, while total costs and expenses stayed relatively flat at $1.55 billion on a non-GAAP basis.  As a result, non GAAP operating income increased by 88% from $325 million in 2018 to $610 million in 2019. Looking at the trend from 2016 through 2019, the growth in our product and royalty revenues has exceeded the growth in both our ongoing R&D expense and SG&A expense on a non-GAAP basis, leading to higher operating leverage and reflecting our commitment to disciplined management of our financial resources.  Moving on to 2020, I will now discuss the key components of our 2020 guidance. Please note that the guidance we provide today does not include the financial impact of our recently announced collaboration with MorphoSys, which has not yet closed, and also excludes the impact of any additional potential future strategic transactions. For the full-year 2020, on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, we expect net product revenue for Jakafi to be in the range of $1.88 billion to $1.95 billion, driven by continued growth across all indications.  For Iclusig, we expect net product revenue to be in the range of $100 million to $105 million. As in previous years, we will not be providing guidance for milestone or royalty revenues.  We expect our gross to net adjustment for 2020 to be approximately 16% for Jakafi, with the adjustment in the first quarter of the year being higher relative to both the previous quarter and subsequent quarters.  We expect the GAAP R&D expense to be in the range of $1.21 billion to $1.28 billion and non-GAAP R&D expense to range from $1.08 billion to $1.15 billion. The increase compared to 2019 is primarily driven by our existing pipeline programs progressing to later stages of development. We expect the GAAP SG&A expense to be in the range of $505 million to $535 million and non-GAAP SG&A expense to range from $447 million to $477 million. The increase compared to 2019 is primarily driven by efforts to support the expansion of our commercial portfolio and investment in infrastructure to support the continued growth of the business.  Both in the case of R&D and SG&A, the non-GAAP expense guidance excludes estimated stock-based compensation expense.  I will now turn the call back to Herv for further discussion of the year ahead. Herv Hoppenot Thank you, Christiana. So, 2019 was a strong year in terms of business performance and pipeline progression. And as you can see on slide 23, 2020 is shaping up to be another busy and important year for Incyte.  In my opening remarks, I laid out our key priorities for the year. And here, we have highlighted the five key regulatory updates that we expect, which are the FDA decision on pemigatinib, tafasitamab and capmatinib; the MAA submission of tafa and the NDA submission of rux cream. We also look forward to providing numerous other data announcements as the year progresses.  Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks and please give your instruction and open a call for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Thanks very much for taking my question. And congrats on the continued commercial performance and on the TRuE-AD2 results.  On topical rux, I was wondering if you could talk about your expectations for whether there might be ultimately a boxed warning on the label with respect to class safety. What, if any, impact you think that might have on dermatologists' view and uptake of the agent ultimately?  And I guess, along those lines, any type of work that you have done or expect to do over the course of the program to fully characterize systemic exposure and maybe the relative importance of that as you think about a future label there and adoption? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Brian, Steven. Thank you for your question. The data that we've already presented both at EADV and then published in a paper in JACI shows the safety profile to date for our topical rux cream. Obviously, what you referenced in terms of box morning has to date largely applied to compounds that give you substantial systemic exposure. And what we've already published, we have little to no systemic exposure. We have a very clean safety profile. So, given all of the above, we don't think that we're going to be in that territory of having a box warning. Obviously, ultimately, it's up to the FDA and not to us. But, again, given the little to no systemic exposure seen to date, the very clean safety profile, we don't expect that. And then, we'll update the safety as this year goes along, with more long-term data. But that's our expectation currently.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks, Steven. I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. This is for Herv and Christiana. With the MorphoSys deal, assuming this closes, you'll have about three products probably launching in the next year-and-a-half or so. So, I'm just wondering kind of the appetite for continued M&A and should we expect that you might do more larger deals like the MorphoSys deal for late stage assets? Or do you think you're kind of done on that end of the pipeline and we should really be more focused on kind of smaller, earlier stage deals going forward?
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Marc. Thank you for the question. So, in terms of the bidding strategy, it hasn't really changed from what it was before the MorphoSys deal. We are continuing to look at external assets to complement or supplement our internal activities. And the focus is similar to what it was before, looking at programs that could help diversify and continue to grow revenue, programs that allow us to capitalize on our existing capabilities in oncology, hem, MPNs, of course, and more on the bolt-on type of transactions versus larger deals. And when you look from a capacity point of view, we ended the year with $2.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. The pro forma for the MorphoSys transaction is $1.2 billion. So, we still have capacity to continue to look for those bolt-on type of transactions.
Marc Frahm: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
Tyler Van Buren: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. With respect to the TRuE-AD results, in the press release, there's one line which appears pretty deliberate and was repeated in the press release this morning where you guys state that the overall efficacy and safety profile of ruxolitinib cream is consistent with previous data. And I know you guys can't speak about the data. But I guess just with respect to that statement, could you say that it's consistent with the effect size compared to vehicle as we think about it relative to prior data?  And then, just as a quick follow-up, just can you talk about the potential conferences that you guys might present data at? I'm assuming that you would wait for the results from TRuE-AD1 as well.
Steven Stein: Tyler, it's Steven. Thanks for your question. So, just the back part of your question first, the TRuE-AD1 results will come sometime this quarter and, obviously, we are awaiting them and we expect them to be in line with TRuE-AD2 and then, again, with the proof-of-concept data. What we're trying to communicate as much as we can without actually giving the actual results because we have to protect future meetings when we want to present the data as soon as possible is that, directionally and quantitatively, the active arms, the 0.75% and 1.5%, were in line with the primary and secondary efficacy endpoint seen in the Phase II data and the vehicle was as well, which is very encouraging. So, when we went from 150-patient proof-of-concept study to a 600-patient Phase III in TRuE-AD2, we're seeing the same quantitative results in terms of the primary and secondary efficacy, as well as the safety. And that's as much as we can say to try and protect both the presentation and a future manuscript, which we hope to be able to do. 
Tyler Van Buren: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JP Morgan. Your line is now live. 
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask on Jakafi. Just with regard to your 2020 guidance, looks like it implies growth of  I think it was 12% to 16%. Can you just qualitatively discuss how much of this is coming from GVHD versus the longer-term indications of MF and PV?  And then also, can you just comment on what happened with the Jakafi RESET study in ET? It's in the press release that recruitment was discontinued. So, curious what happened on that front. Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Hey, Chris. It's Barry. I'll let Steven handle the RESET study. But as far as the growth goes, we're very encouraged by the approval and launch in acute steroid-refractory GVHD for Jakafi. That continues to now add a significant portion to the overall net sales. But myelofibrosis continues to be the largest portion of our net sales, while PV, the total percentage of patients continues to increase at a faster rate than MF. But those two indications, MF and PV, will drive the indications.  Obviously, we've talked before, whether it's acute GVHD or chronic GVHD, the total population in the United States in the steroid-refractory setting is about 3,000 patients. And obviously, you know that it's a much larger patient population. So MF and PV will continue to drive the growth towards $3 billion, ultimately, but GVHD is now a significant contributor to that.  Steven?
Steven Stein: Cory, in terms of the RESET study, so that's looking at ruxolitinib in a central thrombocythemia, the study design was a little bit complicated because of the composite endpoints. So, the endpoint that was required in negotiation with the regulatory agencies was to obtain control of blood counts in terms of both the white blood cell count and the platelet count together, and not an event endpoint like thrombosis. So, what was required in terms of eligibility was patients coming on who had either intolerance or progressed on hydroxyurea, had a white blood cell count above 11,000 and had no prior exposure to anagrelide because the study was randomized against anagrelide. And trying that for more than a year, in fact, longer, we were just unable to enroll sufficient number of patients in a timely manner. We looked at various amendments to try and get around this, but ultimately because of that composite endpoint, we couldn't do that in terms of either the white count or prior anagrelide.  So, the current thinking is to change it to a publication strategy, finish up the study and publish it. But it will not be of registration quality in terms of its size.
Cory Kasimov: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Vikram Purohit: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, I had a question on your commercialization plans for rux cream. So, you previously noted that you're still thinking through your options when it comes to whether you'd like to pursue commercialization independently or to find a partner for Europe. And I just wanted to see if you're thinking here has evolved or changed at all based on the first set of Phase III data you saw based on the recent readout.
Herv Hoppenot: Herv here. So, the recent readout is obviously improving our optimism regarding the chance of getting regulatory approval in the US, where you know we have decided to go by ourselves. Regarding the rest of the world, as I said previously, things have not really changed. There's a high probability we'll have a partnership regarding Asia. And in Europe, we are still in the process of looking at what options we have, either going alone, licensing out completely or some form of a partnership and each of the three option is still open regarding Europe.
Cory Kasimov: Okay, understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Evan Seigerman from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live. 
Evan Seigerman: Hi all. Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on the progress. So, I noticed in the press release, there was updates on the low-dose itacitinib trial in ulcerative colitis and also parsaclisib in Sjgren's disease. Can you help me understand why the UC trial was continued and what you saw in the data from the Sjgren's trial not to warrant continuation?
Steven Stein: Sure, Evan. It's Steven. Thanks for your question. In terms of the low dose itacitinib in inflammatory bowel diseases, particularly ulcerative colitis, again, it was around operational dynamics in a competitive space. So, we were unable to enroll sufficient numbers of patients to keep progressing the study, as well as, given the competitive space with other compounds with similar mechanisms being way ahead, we elected at the end of last year to no longer pursue that program.  In terms of Sjgren's, again, a difficult medical condition in terms of measuring endpoints and getting sufficient spread versus standard of care or even placebo. We've not seen enough of the activity to warrant going forward into a full registration program. It was a proof-of-concept study. And in our opinion, we didn't get to the proof of concept we wanted to pursue registration further there. Across inflammation and autoimmunity, one of the beauties of the program is we have this pipeline of targeted therapy agents, immunooncology agents, all of which were primarily in the beginning developed for either hematology or oncology indications, but because of their mechanism of action, either in terms of JAK inhibition or B cell inhibition with delta inhibitors, they lend themselves to conditions in the inflam autoimmune setting where those mechanisms are important. So, we have the ability to conduct multiple proof-of-concept studies very efficiently and then make decisions to go forward or not. And in those two instances, it didn't meet our own internal expectations to pursue registration programs.
Evan Seigerman: All right. Thank you for the color. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now alive.
Jay Olson: Thanks for taking the question. And congratulations on the financial performance in 2019. You delivered impressive non-GAAP operating margin growth last year. And since you're now investing in multiple new product launches over the next year or two, do you expect to continue growing operating margins at the same rate? And where do you see them going longer term?  And then, maybe if I could just ask a follow-up question on q.d. Jakafi, do you expect any clinical benefits versus b.i.d. Jakafi? And if so, would those benefits appear in the label? Thanks.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Jay. It's Christiana. Let me take the part on the margins. As you can see, both in the case of 2019 and with the guidance that we provided for 2020, we are looking to continue to invest in supporting our portfolio, both from the R&D and commercial side, but the growth on the expense front is slower than that of the top line, which is what we had indicated in the past. And as you can see, we are in line with what we have said. We'll continue to invest in our activities in the company on the R&D front. As we have discussed in the past, we will be looking to invest based on the quality of the programs. And if data supports moving programs into development and later stages of development, we'll continue to do that. But the trends that we see is continuing to have growth on the expense side being below that of the top line.
Steven Stein: Jay, in terms of your question for the once-a-day formulation, so the work with that is progressing very well. The intent is to follow a 505(b) route in terms of, first, obtaining sufficient bioavailability in terms of PK of a different strength and then moving on to prove those individual different once-a-day strength meet the bioequivalence in terms of the ratios on the FDA guidance for each of the strengths you're matching it up with.  So, there's no in the beginning  it's not built around clinical differentiation, if you will. It's built around BA/BE route to obtain approval in that 2022 time frame.  We do know from a publication in 2011 with a single once-daily strength, 25 mg XR strength, not surprisingly, the PK profile was flatter. So, there was less of a Cmax, which we think is related to the anemia seen in myelofibrosis. And there may be, ultimately, less anemia with these products.  That will need to be proven down the pike once we've finished the once-a-day formulation work. Once we've taken it to the BA/BE route and gotten approved, then we could potentially do clinically differentiating work to see if there is a flatter profile with all the strengths and, ultimately, less anemia and then make that claim and get it in a label. So, it's a very step-wise approach.
Jay Olson: Great. Thank you very much.
Herv Hoppenot: If I may add on q.d. strategy  the strategy around the q.d., there is, obviously, this practical aspect of q.d. That is this potential clinical benefit maybe on anemia, which was discussed, and there is the ability to combine with other mechanism that have a once-a-day regimen. So, this project by itself has a lot of potential positive consequences on the management of the lifecycle of Jakafi.
Jay Olson: That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now alive.
Andrea Tan: Great. Thanks for taking our questions. This is Andrea on for Salveen. The first one, as you look to the upcoming launch for pemigatinib and cholangiocarcinoma, can you talk a little bit more about how you've approached building out a solid tumor sales force and the efforts that might be needed for patient or physician education to improve the disease awareness as well as the need for diagnostic screening? And then, I have a follow-up.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Andrea. This is Barry. First, we're actually launching in cholangiocarcinoma and this patient population that has FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements. We're already educating, providing healthcare professionals, getting them ready to, in fact, always test cholangiocarcinoma patients for various mutations, alterations and so forth. So, those educational efforts are ongoing now.  In terms of FTEs that we've put in the field, we do have a few more FTEs in the field, but the way it works in the United States, we have now 147 representatives across the United States and they call on community oncologists and academic centers across the nation. Even though there's people who are specific to hem and solid tumor, most of the community oncologist offices throughout the United States treat both. And certainly, geographically we hit all of the centers. So, we will have a dedicated team that's specifically trained on solid tumors, and particularly pemigatinib and cholangiocarcinoma and, of course, the need for NGS testing or diagnostic testing to remind all of these healthcare professionals that are treating these patients. But, in fact, we have oncology clinical nurse educators who are providing educational services. We have medical science liaisons that are all trained. So, each of the teams have already been trained and we have ongoing training for the sales force.  So, we think we're in solid shape and we're going to continue to educate all healthcare professionals about the need for diagnostic testing to best help these patients.
Andrea Tan: Got it. Thanks, Barry. Maybe just another one for you then on the MorphoSys' potential launch. Just what additional add to the infrastructure is needed there and where do you see points of synergies or components that can be leveraged from your existing network?
Barry Flannelly: Well, Andrea, as you know, until we close, we can't really plan together with our future partners at MorphoSys. So, we've been thinking about this a lot. And independently, we've been planning about what we actually need, but the ability to guide  now, on the other hand, we certainly have a great deal of experience in hem malignancies, certainly here in Wilmington, Delaware and throughout the United States. So, we're very confident that we know the space, the lymphoma space very well. We just have to take time, wait a couple of more weeks to actually get together and sit down with our partners on MorphoSys about the real details that we can do.
Andrea Tan: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is alive.
Alethia Young : Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on all the progress. One, can you just talk a little bit about the status of the CITADEL program and when we could expect data there?  And then, basically, kind of your thoughts and your increased conviction  and I saw some data, obviously, from parsaclisib and ruxolitinib, but just maybe talk a little bit about your increased conviction in that combo and then also the other kind of combos in the LIMBER program as well. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Alethia, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So, the CITADEL program has three components in terms of B cell malignancies. There's a follicular lymphoma study, 203 CITADEL; a marginal zone lymphoma study, 204; and then, a mantle cell lymphoma study, 205. Essentially, we've completed recruitment across all those studies. There may be just a few patients left on one to be done. And now, we're in the follow-up phase. As we've presented this data multiple times because they're open label, single-arm studies, we're very encouraged by the high activity of parsaclisib across these B cell malignancies. And now, it's really a wait for the duration of response data. And then, they all could be potentially accelerated approval routes in the United States, given the designs of the study. And we may have to then go on and do confirmatory studies as well.  So, we'll get the bulk of all of their data with a long follow-up through this calendar year and then look at potential submissions across the board. But we're very encouraged by that program and what we've done with it. In terms of the myelofibrosis combinations, as we announced in our prepared remarks, the most advanced is the rux plus PI3 delta combination. We also presented that data a number of times. We now have the updated data set looking at the experiments we did in terms of weekly versus daily dosing. And we're most encouraged by the daily dosing arm of the proof-of-concept study, and that's why we'll be going forward this year in a pivotal registration route with that combination. We still have to work out the details with regulatory agencies, but the likely population, as we said in our prepared remarks, are patients who have been on rux, probably for approximately three months, but don't have a sufficient response and are then randomized to rux plus PI3 delta versus rux alone in some sort of registration fashion with sufficient numbers. And given the effect we've seen from the addition of delta in that population to date where we saw further clean volume response, particularly with the daily arm, as well as symptom response, obviously, we're encouraged by going forward to a pivotal program there.  In terms of the rest of the LIMBER program, it's also a big year as we announced at JP Morgan. We're beginning and we've resurrected our BET program based on the external environment and what's happening with BET inhibitors in myelofibrosis. So, we're a go with our own BET inhibitor this year. We'll do the monotherapy safety work and go as quickly as we can to combination with rux there. And then, our L2 to program as well, which is targeted around alleviating the anemia through a hepcidin mechanism in combination with rux and that'll also go to combination this year. And then, we'll get further proof-of-concept data for rux plus PIM inhibition.  So, obviously, an extremely important development program to us, given the importance of rux in myeloproliferative neoplasms in general and an active year in terms of initiating a pivotal study, getting further proof-of-concept study and starting two new mechanisms.
Alethia Young : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Your line is now alive.
Mara Goldstein: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. Just to circle back on the previous question on the rux plus parsaclisib in myelofibrosis. Can you characterize what that proof of concept was and also what is considered an insufficient response to rux in the clinical trial, but also in clinical practice today?
Steven Stein: Hey, Mara. Thanks your question. It's a good question because, as you look across not only us, but everybody else doing studies in this arena, you have to be very careful of doing cross study comparisons and make sure that you actually do an apple-to-apple comparisons, particularly in terms of how people define the population they study, in terms of the amount of prior rux exposure, what constituted either refractory or disease that's progressing and how much was allowed and then was rux actually discontinued versus was it continued.  And the reason I mentioned the latter is just to be clear, is that if you discontinue rux and then allow patients to rebound, if you will, in terms of their spleen and symptoms, just reintroducing rux again you'll see quite a substantial effect. And we've documented that before and published that. So, you have to be very, very careful of the populations you're looking at. Our proof-of-concept work from a definition point of view with rux plus PI3 delta was defined as patients who had been on at least six months of ruxolitinib for at least two months of stable dosing and then were showing insufficient response in terms of spleen or symptoms and then allowed to come on to the combination without discontinuing rux. With that, we showed a further detriment in terms of spleen volume reduction. That was better with daily dosing rather than weekly dosing.  If you're asking the exact quantitative excursion in terms of spleen volume response, that's a good question. In the frontline setting, obviously, given our own approval in the setting, we have now established the endpoint of spleen volume reduction of 35% or greater done through a measurement like MRI, for example, which is not subjective as the probable end point that regulators will use going forward as well as validated symptom scores. In the latter line setting, one could argue that that may be too high a bar to get to and maybe 20% or more improvement in spleen volume reduction with concurrent symptom improvement may get you across the finish line or other endpoints like transfusion independence. But that's sort of where the field is right now. I think for the moment, first line studies will still require spleen volume responses as a primary endpoint with symptoms as a secondary end point. And we've established with our own label what that bar is with the COMFORT studies and that's what people will have to use going forward.  In the other settings, there may be somewhat more creative end points that you could do as long as you prove to regulators and patients that you're actually getting clinical benefit.
Mara Goldstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Christopher Marai from Nomura Instinet. Your line is now live.
Christopher Marai: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'm wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on the vehicle performance in TRuE-AD that you saw. Just being cognizant that the Eucrisa Phase III saw some variability in that vehicle performance. How do you feel, I guess, given that type of variability about chance for success of TRuE-AD1?  And maybe, if you could, just remind us of some of your coloring assumptions around that? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Chris, it's Steven. So, if you look at the atopic dermatitis arena in general, they're awesome vehicles that on their own, without "active ingredient," will have a response rate because of the emollient effect of different vehicles that will then result in improvement in the underlying condition.  Our vehicle is cream based, just like our actual active product. And you saw in the proof-of-concept 150-patient study, our vehicle response rate was 10% or less percentage point. Just to give you by way of comparison a number, but not to make a direct comparison, Eucrisa in their registration studies had to use an ointment-based vehicle because of their constitution of their active product. And their ointment-based vehicle response rate was north of 20%.  So, we don't expect  and that's why, earlier when we spoke, we said our results are consistent with our proof-of-concept data to date directionally and quantitatively. We expect the same vehicle cream response rate in our TRuE-AD1 and TRuE-AD2 studies that we saw in our proof-of-concept work. And that's where we stand right now. Obviously, we want to share this with you as soon as we can in an appropriate meeting.
Christopher Marai: Thank you. I appreciate that. And just one last on ruxo guidance. How much GVHD acute or chronic is sort of in those numbers? Thanks.
Steven Stein: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question. I didn't repeat the question.
Christopher Marai: In terms of your rux guidance for the year, how much of that, if any, accounts for use in GVHD? Thank you.
Barry Flannelly: Well, we were hoping for a particular number of patients. I think I said before that there is 3,000 patients total, so refractory GVHD, acute GVHD is about 1,500 patients. We think we are approaching about 1,000 patients  it's hard to actually for GVHD because the drug oftentimes is given in a hospital and we don't get as much detail as you do when you get a prescription on the outside. So, GVHD is an important part of the guidance for this year. But, overwhelmingly, it's the continued growth in myelofibrosis which is really going very well and the continued growth for patients with polycythemia vera, again, which is continuing  going very well. But Jakafi in acute steroid-refractory GVHD is becoming one of the most used, if not most used drug, other than steroids in treatment of these patients.
Christopher Marai: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you. And thank you all for your time today and for your question. So, we look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor and medical conferences. But for now, we thank you again for your participation to the call today. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Corp.'s Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Booth: Thank you, Brook. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and by Dash who will join us for the Q&A session. During the question-and-answer session, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and, if needed, one follow-up as this will enable as many of you to ask questions as time allows. Before we begin, however, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2019 guidance, the commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike. And good morning, everyone. Incyte continues to execute well across all aspects of the business and we have delivered multiple positive updates from our late-stage portfolio in recent weeks and our product and royalty revenues continue to grow at a remarkable rate for a company of our size. Product and royalty revenues in the third quarter grew at 24% over the same period last year, totaling over $530 million and including $433 million in Jakafi sales which increased 25% in Q3. Sales of in Iclusig in Europe as well as royalties from Jakavi and Olumiant also increased year-over-year. At the beginning of 2019, we set out an ambitious list of R&D goal for the year and I'm pleased to report today that we have already achieved a majority of them. The NDA for pemigatinib, seeking approval as a treatment for patients with FGFR2-driven cholangiocarcinoma, has been submitted to the FDA and the positive updated data that supported the submission were presented in September at ESMO. We recently reported that REACH2, the Phase III trial evaluating ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute GVHD, met its primary endpoint of superiority over best available therapy. These data further reinforce the efficacy of Jakafi as the standard of care treatment option for these patients following FDA approval in this indication in May. We were also pleased to provide 52-week follow-up data from our randomized Phase II trial of ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo at EAGV. These data show that patients treated with higher concentration of rux cream experienced continued improvement in their disease with additional time on therapy. And we have already launched a global Phase III program for rux cream in vitiligo with results due in 2021. We still have some key items we expect to deliver before the end of the year. But for now, I'll turn the call over to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv. And good morning, everyone. Net product revenues for Jakafi were very strong in the quarter, totaling $433 million. This is an increase of 25% when compared to the same period last year.  Growth was primarily driven by patient demand, which grew 18% year-over-year and there were no appreciable effects of inventory in the quarter. Because of the strong demand for Jakafi today, we are very pleased to be increasing both the bottom and top end of full-year 2019 guidance for net sales of Jakafi to a new range of $1.65 billion to $1.68 billion. We're seeing good demand for Jakafi in all three approved indications. More than 50% of eligible myelofibrosis patients in the US are currently on Jakafi. And total patients on therapy increased approximately 5% year-over-year. We continue to be encouraged by the growth we see in this indication, especially in its eighth year since approval. Patient growth in polycythemia vera continues to be higher than myelofibrosis. And within the eligible population, Jakafi has reached more than 20% penetration. We saw an opportunity to increase disease awareness in both PD, patient and physician community; and in an effort to augment patient voice, we recently launched a pilot television and social media disease awareness campaign. This pilot was conducted in several key target markets where it has been very well received and we have now expanded the education campaign nationwide. This is the first full quarter of sales since approval in steroid refractory acute GVHD. And while early, the launch is currently outpacing our internal expectations. Importantly, we're seeing comprehensive access in both the inpatient and outpatient treatment settings and we continue to see strong uptake and broad utilization across bone marrow transplant centers. I'll now turn the call over to Steven for the clinical update.
Steven Stein : Thanks, Barry. And good morning, everyone. Continuing with graft-versus-host disease, we were pleased to report the positive outcome for REACH2, the randomized trial of ruxolitinib versus best available therapy in steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease. We plan to share these data with the FDA for inclusion in the Jakafi label. And we look forward to sharing the detailed data with you at an upcoming scientific meeting. REACH3, the randomized trial evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory chronic graft-versus-host disease is ongoing and has almost completed recruitment. A recent interim efficacy and safety analysis conducted by an independent data monitoring committee recommended that REACH3 should continue without modification with results expected in 2020. Moving on to pemigatinib for cholangiocarcinoma, slide 11 shows the data that were presented at ESMO and which formed the basis of our recent New Drug Application. As you can see, in cohort A, the overall response rate was 36%. Median progression-free survival was 6.9 months and median overall survival was 21.1 months. Importantly, the vast majority of patients have some degree of tumor size reduction as evidenced by the 82% disease control rate and as illustrated in the waterfall plot on slide 11. We believe that pemigatinib offers a meaningful improvement over the current standard of care in the second line, which typically results in single-digit response rates, median progression-free survival of 3 months and an overall survival of approximately 6 months. The most common adverse event of all grades was hyperphosphatemia, which is an on target effect of FGFR inhibition that can be managed with a low phosphate diet, phosphate binders and diuretics. Hypophosphatemia occurred in 23% of patients which was likely due to the treatment for hyperphosphatemia. Serous retinal detachment was seen in 4% of patients, which is mostly grade 1 or 2. If you recall, the only potential curative therapy for cholangiocarcinoma is surgery, but approximately 70% of patients are diagnosed with unresectable disease. So, the need for new therapeutic options for these patients is clear. My third slide summarizes updated data from the randomized Phase II trial of ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo, which were presented a few weeks ago at EADV. These data showed continued improvement and re-pigmentation with additional time on therapy as objectively measured by VASI scores. For example, in patients dosed with 1.5% b.i.d. and followed for 52 weeks, the facial VASI75 was achieved in 52% of patients, up from 30% of patients at 24 weeks. And the facial VASI90 was achieved in 33% of patients, up from 12% at 24 weeks. The global Phase III program of ruxolitinib cream in patients with vitiligo is ready and rolling, with the facial VASI75 at 24 weeks being the primary endpoint and we expect the result to be available in 2021. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for a financial update. 
Christiana Stamoulis : Thanks, Steven. And good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to slides 19 and 20 in the backup section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning. Our third quarter results reflect continued strong growth with total product and royalty revenues of $534 million, representing an increase of 24% over the third quarter of 2018. This is comprised of $433 million in Jakafi and $21 million in Iclusig net product revenues, $58 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis and $22 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. We also recognized $18 million in contracts revenues under our collaboration agreement with Zai Lab, resulting in total revenues for the quarter of $552 million. Our total costs and expenses for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis of $365 million decreased by 1% from the prior-year quarter.  Ongoing R&D expenses for the quarter was $251 million on a non-GAAP basis, unchanged from the prior-year period, reflecting our decision to reallocate capital from the co-funding of baricitinib and the development of epacadostat to our other late stage development programs. SG&A expenses for the quarter was $90 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing a 6% increase over the prior-year quarter. Moving to our guidance for 2019, given the strong performance of Jakafi in the first nine months of the year, we are increasing Jakafi full-year guidance to a range of $1.65 billion to $1.68 billion. Our guidance for both current R&D and SG&A remains the same as we continue to invest in our commercial operations and our clinical development portfolio and we expect certain of these expenses to be more backend loaded into Q4 2019. I will now turn the call back to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christiana. So, our last slide reminds you of our progress to date in 2019 as the well as the remaining key news flow events we expect during the year. These expectations includes NDA submission by Novartis for capmatinib in patients with MET exon-14 skipping mutation in non-small cell lung cancer.  Capmatinib is another development candidate discovered in Incyte laboratories and has the potential to be an important product in lung cancer. It was really positioned in the Novartis third quarter material as a key approval for them in 2020. And for Incyte, capmatinib also has the potential to be a meaningful contributor to our top line with over $500 million in potential milestone and 12% to 14% royalties on global net sales. We're also looking forward to having the result of the GRAVITAS 301 trial of itacitinib in first-line acute GVHD in-house at the end of the year. Itacitinib has the potential to be another key contributor to near-term revenue growth.  With this strong execution across our late-stage development programs, we're making significant progress toward our strategic goals of adding diversification to the top line and further accelerating revenue growth. And that concludes our prepared remarks and we're now happy to take your questions. Operator, please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Salveen Richter of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Thanks for taking my question. So, with regard to the early uptake and feedback for Jakafi in GVHD, what does that suggest for the trajectory here? And have there been any gating factors? And then, a follow-up for Herv, given the progress of your pipelines in both oncology and IAI, how are you thinking about business development opportunities?
Steven Stein: Sure, Salveen. So, GVHD, as I said, the uptake has been very good since the beginning. We think the opportunity for itacitinib is ultimately where the opportunity is live. Jakafi is giving patients benefit right now. We believe it will give benefit in acute GVHD as we are now and then in the future for chronic GVHD and we await the results of GRAVITAS-301 for itacitinib and a potential worldwide for that drug.
Herv Hoppenot: So, Salveen, on the progress of the late-stage portfolio, obviously, you know our strategic goal of diversification and growth. That's really what we are aiming at. And, obviously, a lot of it is starting to take place with pemigatinib. We spoke a little bit about capmatinib, which is not always the most known of our pipeline products that Novartis  has been licensed to Novartis. So, we are on a good track to succeed on getting these products to market over the next few years. At the same time, we're, obviously, looking at BD opportunities that would fit with our portfolio. We're mostly looking at oncology, hematology type of assets. And it's a continuous process where we're reviewing opportunities and we're expecting  we hope to be able to gain some additional products to fuel the growth of the top line in the next few years.
Salveen Richter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Marc Frahm of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 
Marc Frahm: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe for Barry. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned that the awareness campaign PV, you're having some success. Can you maybe define that a little bit better? Are you already seeing an uptick in sales within those regions or is it more qualitative measures? And then, what type of budget are we talking about, now that you're expanding it nationally and trying to broaden that success? 
Barry Flannelly: Well, the way we measure uptake, it's very early. As we said, we did it in five key markets across the country first. And what we saw there was really the uptake in social media sites. For example, TakeActionPV is what we direct patients to go to or healthcare professionals to go to get more information. There is education materials there, materials they can download to track their symptoms. And we saw spikes in those first five key regions. Now, as we expanded across the nation, which only started October 1, so we don't really have all that much data yet, but it certainly has grown dramatically on those sites that we're sending patients to. The budget nationwide is relatively small. This is a 30-second commercial. We're placing it at time periods that we think patients will see it, but at the same time don't cost a fortune. So, it's not going to the Super Bowl, but it is, in fact, we think being very effective as an educational tool for patients and healthcare professionals.
Marc Frahm: Very good. And then, maybe a sort of follow-up on kind of market dynamics for Jakafi. Maybe some comments on what the initial impacts of fedratinib's launch that you may or may not have seen yet.
Barry Flannelly: I think it's early. We haven't really seen much of an impact yet. We know that Celgene is really positioning it as a second line agent just by their pricing strategy that they came out with and then, very particularly, their marketing materials that we have seen are positioning it as a second line drug. Maybe you also are aware that the only two clinical trials that they have ongoing now, a single arm trial and a Phase III trial compared to best available therapy, are both after Jakafi. So, clearly, they're positioning it for a second line drug and we haven't seen the impact yet on Jakafi. And we're fully confident because we have long-term follow-up data, eight years of data, more than 50,000 patients treated in the United States with the drug. So, the safety profile is there. And, of course, an overall survival advantage that I don't think that fedratinib will ever be able to achieve, particularly with their JAKARTA study because it was never followed up on.
Marc Frahm: Right. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Tyler Van Buren of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Tyler Van Buren: Hey, guys. Good morning. Great to see the sold results on the quarter. Just had a couple follow-up questions to Marc's line of questionings. As you look at Jakafi in MF and PV, can you give us an update on duration of treatment for both of those indications? Also, as we think about long-term in terms of PV, could we see ultimate penetration of the patient population to reach kind of that 50% level that we're seeing with MF? And perhaps, just some updated thoughts on the long-term guidance that you guys gave for last year? I believe it was $2.5 billion to $3 billion by 2027. If we see the continued growth in PV and GVHD, that seems exceedingly achievable. So, I'd be interested to hear your updated thoughts.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Tyler. This is Barry. We're still confident of the $2.5 billion to $3 billion long-term guidance. So, that's clear. In terms of persistence, its' what we've said all along, to be honest with you. I think we have to turn to the clinical trials for persistence. When you look at PV, when you look at the response data, you saw 83% of patients were still on therapy at two years. And in the COMFORT trial, you saw that 50% of the patients were still on it three years. So, that's still our touchstone for persistence. In PV, we continue to grow year-over-year this year. We grew total patients in PV 15% year-over-year and that continues to exceed the continued growth in patients in MF. So, we see that, in PV, we'll catch-up to the MF patients sooner or later and we certainly are confident that the clinical profile of Jakafi and polycythemia vera patients could hit the 50% mark at some point.
Tyler Van Buren: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Abrahams of RBC. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams: Hi there. Thanks so much for taking my questions and congratulations on the strong quarter. On GVHD, can you provide any perspectives on the REACH3 stopping rule at the interim and maybe frame expectations now that that readout has been pushed out to next year? And related to that, I'm curious your latest views on the potential impact of JAK1 versus pan-JAK inhibition on the potential for efficacy in GVHD and the bar for the itacitinib read-out now that you guys have more clinical and commercial experience in this space. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Yeah. Hi, it's Steven. So, in terms of REACH3, we don't normally guide to interim results, but this time working with our partner, Novartis, we obviously did expect to potentially have some results by the end of 2019. As you can see, the study at interim made it through the interim analysis by the IDMC and they recommend it to continue the study to completion without modification. The recruitment itself is about to finish. We literally have only a few patients left. There is always a higher  by the nature of an interim, there is always a higher bar to achieve at interim analysis to close the study because you have to be very careful that you do it appropriately. So, we're not at all worried. We remain extremely confident in the data set.  The primary endpoint in the chronic graft-versus-host disease study is an overall response rate at month 6, but there are numerous secondary endpoints that are important here including failure-free survival, symptom improvement, overall survival and others. So, sometime in 2020 we'll get those results. We remain extremely confident in that. And as I  just to reiterate, it was a little unusual for us to guide to an interim, but again working with a partner, that's what we did. In terms of reading through to itacitinib in a more JAK1 agent relatively more  hits JAK1 more than the other JAKs, we saw our proof-of-concept data for itacitinib. It was strong across the spectrum of disease. But it was even stronger in steroid-nave acute graft-versus-host disease, which is why  which led to GRAVITAS-301. In addition, patients with steroid-nave acute graft-versus-host-disease are immediately post bone marrow transplant or allogeneic transplant tend to be sicker, tend to have cytopenia, particularly low white cell counts and low platelets. So, to have a relative JAK2 sparing agent that doesn't cause as much cytopenia as the others is potentially beneficial from a therapeutic ratio point of view. But in terms of the biology of the disease, it ameliorates the biology appropriately and again we remain confident in that.
Brian Abrahams: That's really helpful. Thanks, Steven.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Schmidt of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Michael Schmidt: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I just had a follow-up on GVHD as well. I think you said the launch is outpacing your internal expectations. Just wondering if you could help us with a little bit more information around what treatment share do you have at this point and maybe what percentage of top line sales was contributed by GVHD?
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Michael. Well, treatment share, I'm not exactly sure. I think that we're the most used agents maybe already in the second line setting, but I can't be sure of that. Trying to get information on GVHD is a little bit harder than MF and PV since it's all hospital used. So, that's it. So, I think, last year, I said something like  with spontaneous use and then with the approval, we'd hit somewhere around $80 million for this year. I think we're ahead of that, but I can't give you an exact  the number for that. But we're very pleased with the uptake in GVHD. And we think with now the REACH2 data, it will even be stronger in the future.
Michael Schmidt: Great, thanks. And then, maybe a bigger picture question for Herv. So, regarding the earlier stage pipeline, I guess you're pursuing both new immuno therapies as well as targeted oncology drugs. And, obviously, there's been some very interesting data generated in the last couple of years, specifically with TKIs going after driving mutations, including pemigatinib, obviously, but there are other targets as well. On the other hand, I think many would agree that the success rate for new immunooncology drugs has been rather mixed, I guess in that context. I was just wondering how do you see your bigger picture patent strategy evolve longer-term going after both areas.
Herv Hoppenot: Thanks for the question. Because as you see, it's very important and it's a field where the effect of the decisions we made over the past two years are always seen with a delay. So, we were  obviously, with the very heavy share of the research effort in immunooncology and immunity in general, which led to a number of other project beyond oncology, and what has been happening over the past two years is a rebalance where we have now more targeted therapies or targeted  targeting oncogenic mutation type of projects that are the larger part of our portfolio. At the same time, we're keeping immuno projects today. So, I would say it's a balance and it's probably in the 60-40 or 40-60 kind of ratio where maybe, in the past, it was more heavy on the immune aspect. And, Dash, if you want to speak about it.
Dashyant Dhanak: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. Just to sort of echo what Herv was saying, I think you're right, at some level, the promise in immunooncology has been tampered by clinical data. However, we still think there's plenty of opportunities out there in both the targeted and the immunooncology space. You'll remember or you'll know from our sort of access to modalities that we have both for molecule and biologics capability. So, having both of those options open to us does keep the entire area open. And we have a number of programs that we think will enter the clinic in the coming months that target both going after a very sort of traditional targeted therapeutic approach, as well as an immuno approach and then combinations thereof.
Michael Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Cory Kasimov of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First one for you is on expenses. So, SG&A and R&D both came in pretty meaningfully below expectations for the quarter, but guidance was unchanged, which would imply a decent step up in 4Q just to get to the low end of your range. So, is that something we should be anticipating? And maybe to the extent you're willing to qualitatively comment on trends into 2020, do you have any kind of preliminary big picture expense thoughts going forward? And I have one follow up.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Cory. It's Christiana. Thank you for your question. First of all, big picture in terms R&D and SG&A costs, we continue to invest, aggressively invest in our clinic and development portfolio as well as on our commercial operations. What you're seeing with R&D this year and the expenses coming on the lower side is that we were able to reallocate expenses that were previously for epacadostat and baricitinib to our other stage development programs. So, that allowed us to be able to push forward the other development programs without seeing an increase in R&D. Going forward, however, as we have discussed in the past, we are looking to invest in R&D based on the quality and the progress of the program. So, based on data and merits of the programs, if those programs progress through later-stage of development, you would expect that to drive R&D expenses. In terms of Q4, we reiterated the guidance that we provided on both R&D and SG&A because there is a timing factor for some of the expenses on both lines that we expect to be more back-end loaded into Q4 of 2019 and, therefore, we continue to be comfortable with the initial guidance that we have provided.
Cory Kasimov: Okay. That's helpful. And then, my follow-up is a quick one for Steven. How much patient follow-up will you wait for in that FIGHT-201 pemi bladder study before potentially top lining that data?
Steven Stein: Hi, Cory. It's Steven. So, typically, across the board, ballpark follow-up in these sort of studies required by regulatory agencies is around 12 months, but that's for your last responder. So, what I'm saying is you complete recruitment if that very last patient to respond to you typically require about 12 months. So, if you think, we've just recently completed recruitment on the study, we're looking that data sometime mid-2020 or beyond to get a complete view of that picture across the board on our bladder data.
Cory Kasimov: Okay, perfect. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: The next question is from Evan Seigerman of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the progress. So, Christiana, one for you. How would you characterize your capacity to transact? I know Herv mentioned some high level thoughts on BD and then I have a follow-up on that. Just, basically, what are some characteristics of assets that you would consider bringing in house. So, one for, Christiana, and one for you, Herv.
Christiana Stamoulis: So, in terms of the capacity, as we have discussed in the past, we have a strong balance sheet. We currently have $2 billion of cash on our balance sheet. That gives us the opportunity to consider bringing in external assets to our internal portfolio. In terms of the nature of the assets, we are looking at programs that could contribute to revenue diversification and growth in the mid-term timeframe. So, continuing to add to growth as we are getting closer to the Jakafi potential patent expiry period. So, bringing additional growth drivers then, obviously, makes a lot of sense for us. So, do you want to?
Herv Hoppenot: Yeah. The type of assets is very clear. The first is, obviously, hematology oncology, anything that would be good science, that would be innovative, that would provide a benefit that is unique in the field of cancer treatment could fit with our portfolio where we have a very strong hematology franchise both in Europe and the US and where we have this emerging solid tumor franchise also in the US and a little bit later in Europe. So, that makes sense. In terms of timing, we're looking at the window between 25 and 30 and it's very obvious why. Because that's where we will need more diversification. So, some of the aspect is to complement our MF and PV franchises where there are new mechanisms that can be complementary to what we have in our portfolio and where obviously our leadership in MF and PV could be reinforced by external assets if any benefit could be shown from this. And then, we have a little bit of a longer view on the non-oncology aspect. As we said, we will be commercializing our rux cream in the US. We may have partnership, if needed, but we will be leading the commercialization in the US. We will be partnering our dermatology assets outside of Europe and US and we're still looking at what the best strategy for Europe. So, there, there could be also potential BD aspect to the dermatology franchise. We're very confident in the benefit we are showing both in atopic dermatitis and, as you saw, in vitiligo. It's a fairly striking data with the long term follow-up. And we believe there is a true value in this franchise and complementing it with external assets could be an option. It's not absolutely mandatory because we believe in the US we can build the team to successfully commercialize, but there could be some complement to it. So, it's very clear. It's hematology oncology for 25 to 30 where  that's where the contribution to the top line would be the most valuable. It's lifecycle management of MF and PV. And potentially, if we find the right assets in dermatology or somewhere in non-cancer immunology, it could be also another dimension.
Evan Seigerman: Okay. And then, I just follow up there. Are we talking $1 billion, $2 billion or really how would you give color on that in terms of what you'd pay?
Christiana Stamoulis: So the main focus is on what I would characterize as tuck-in type of assets that we can bring in, either through licensing or M&A. So, we're agnostic in terms of the structure, whatever makes sense.
Evan Seigerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Olson of Oppenheimer & Co. Please go ahead.
Jay Olson: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter and all the progress. I had a couple of questions. Could you comment on what were the best available therapies to Jakafi in REACH2 and is there overlap between those best available therapies in REACH2 and REACH3? And then, just to follow-up on pemigatinib. Could you provide some additional color on how the enrollment is going in FIGHT-205 and FIGHT-207 and also the bladder cancer continuous dosing cohort?
Steven Stein: Yeah. Hi. Jay, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. So, both REACH2 and REACH3 are randomized studies against best available therapy. Just to mention, REACH2, that we've just said, reported out as positive and will be presented at an upcoming medical meeting. To our knowledge, it's the first randomized study in graft-versus-host disease that has reported out as positive. So, that's really good news, obviously, for patients and for us.  The therapies themselves are listed on clinicaltrials.gov, but just to give you a sense, there are slight differences because they are different disease entities. For REACH2, they include things like anti-thymocyte globulin, extracorporeal photopheresis, there is mesenchymal stromal cells, low-dose methotrexate, mycophenolate and even EMTO inhibitors like Everolimus can be used. For REACH3, there's some overlap, but they also in addition  because chronic graft-versus-host disease include therapies like rituximab and imatinib as well as ibrutinib which is approved in chronic graft-versus-host disease. The complete list is available on clintrials.gov. In enrollment, to the second part of your question on the studies you mentioned for the entirety of the pemigatinib program, obviously, includes our completed first part in cholangiocarcinoma and then the ongoing first line study there. Then the large bladder cancer program and then the tumor agnostic as well as smaller entities that we don't speak about much, but very important to patients is an 8p11 myeloproliferative neoplasm. We don't guide to exact dates in terms of enrollment other than when we start and sometimes when we end the studies. But just to give you a sense that the agnostic study, 207, which you mentioned has started enrollment and we'll be looking at different driver mutations there. And then, we expect to complete, as I just alluded to, the second line bladder study before the end of this year and have data latter part of next year. And then, we're about to start the first line bladder study. So, that gives you a sense of the cadence of enrollment and the entirety of the program.
Jay Olson: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: The next question is from Reni Benjamin of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Reni Benjamin: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the questions. And congratulations on a great quarter. I guess, just as a follow-up regarding the REACH2 data, Steven, is there anything there that kind of increases your confidence in regards to REACH3 or are the two diseases really separate and distinct, acute versus chronic?
Steven Stein: Reni, thank you. It was great to see a randomized study against best available therapy being positive. And again, as I just said, we look forward to sharing those results to you. So, it further does increase our confidence in what we already know, say that ruxolitinib is a really good drug for steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease. Chronic does have a slightly different pathophysiology as it's more a disease of fibrosis with more skin manifestations as opposed to more apoptotic disease in acute where there's more sort of cell death in the liver and GI tract. But there's enough overlap and our proof-of-concept data was strong enough that we remain confident in chronic graft-versus-host disease. We do think, although the pathophysiology, there's a little bit of a difference, there's a good read through and we're confident in getting that data next year.
Reni Benjamin: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, the vitiligo studies have started, can you give us any sort of a sense of  if its enrollment is on track and on schedule and have all the sites open?
Steven Stein: Yeah. So, you're correct. The vitiligo studies have started. As you saw in my formal presentation, we just presented the 52-week data at the EADV with continuing improvement, quite dramatic in patients through one year. The studies have just recently started. But I will tell you, it's a pleasant surprise to us working in dermatology, these studies accrue really, really well. So, with sites open quickly, we have dictated dermatology centers across the globe who are good at doing clinical research, who put patients on quickly and we're up and going with gusto and very positive about it.
Reni Benjamin: Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Alethia Young of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the quarter. One, maybe Steve, can you talk a little bit about best supportive care for REACH3 and how it varies across the world? And do you think there's any kind of variability there that you should consider in the trial that is ongoing? And the second question probably is more for maybe Herv. I guess I'm just curious how you think about kind of long-term margins for the business and where we are exactly in kind of the peak cycle for Jakafi. It seems like there's still a lot of room to move and you're building in PV kind of an awareness and there's penetration that could be had, but maybe if you can frame that from a high level perspective, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Hi, Alethia. It's Steven. So, you do allude to something we see in graft-versus-host disease, not only across the world, but even within the United States and even within cities themselves, there are treatment differences in patterns at bone marrow transplant centers and how people have treated this condition to date and continue to, both in terms of preparative regimens and actual regimens, which is exactly why for best available therapy we have to account for a number of therapies. So, there's no dramatic differences across the world compared to just, as I said, even within the US itself. We always, as a matter of course, do analyses and look at differences if there are any between different parts of the world to explain response rates, et cetera. So, those analyses will be done. Typically, you do the US, Western Europe and rest of world analyses and we'll look at those. But nothing to be concerned about.
Herv Hoppenot : Yeah. Regarding the cycle, the sort of medium to long term cycle of the business, obviously, the growth of Jakafi in the US is very key to the entire P&L of Incyte. As you can see, this quarter, Incyte is growing even faster than the previous one versus last year. And our Q3 last year was a little bit lower maybe than it should have been. So, the ratio of the 25% growth for Jakafi US maybe slightly higher than the true trend. Although the year, I think we are more in the 20%, which is still very, very strong for sort of a seventh, eighth year of commercialization. And we see a lot of potential for continued growth of Jakafi in the US in MF. It is still volume growth. Patient volume is increasing in MF. And in PV, as we said, there is larger potential for two reasons. It's because treatment rate is still on the low end, below 50%, and the duration of treatment for every patient studied on Jakafi is very much longer than what we have in MF. So, what we see is sort of chronicization of the disease in MF that is leading to this growth potential that is obviously higher. We are not changing the long-term guidance very frequently, but we have made a lot of progress throughout the number that we gave a few years ago of 2.5 to 3, and that's something we are very confident in. Regarding the P&L itself and the margin, as Christiana said, we are investing in R&D based on the quality and the required work for the assets that we have. And so, it may be fluctuating, as you have seen. When epacadostat did not work as planned, to say the least, you could see that it has a positive impact on the R&D, which is obviously the paradox of our industry, is that if you stop a project, it will improve margins. But, obviously, our goal is not to manage the margin short-term proactively, but to maximize the value to the company and the shareholders by doing the right clinical development for each of the assets that we have in our hand. At the same time, you may have seen, from 2014 to today, is that we are in the trend of improving ratios in the P&L where the growth of the top line has been not every single quarter, but on  if you look at it on a cumulative fourth quarter in a row, that margin has been improving over time. And that's why we're where we're today, the P&L has the shape that it has to today. So, that's something we will continue to look for, but it may include quarters where investment will increase because some of the assets that we have are requiring an increased investment at some point. So, overall, the way we have been sort of looking at this is, certainly, growth of the top line is driving our ability to invest in R&D and they are the two components to create value that will be sustainable for the long term for Incyte.
Operator: Our next question is from Vikram Purohit of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vikram Purohit: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, I wanted to go back to long-term Jakafi and the tail on that franchise. And I had two questions on Jakafi lifecycle extension program. So, I believe earlier you'd alluded to possibly getting some extended release data in 2020. So, I just wanted to see what the status of that program was, if it's in the clinic yet or not? And then,. secondly, I believe the last time we saw some Jakafi combination data was at ASH last year in combination with the PI3K molecule. So, I just wanted to see when further data from that combination could be available as well as from other combinations like pem and itacitinib in the MF setting. Thanks.
Steven Stein: Vikram, hi. It's Steven. So, thank you for your question related to ruxolitinib lifecycle management, which we view as something for ruxolitinib itself as well as for myeloproliferative neoplasms in general. There are three pillars to the program and you mentioned all of them. So, firstly, in terms of formulation work, which you brought up, that's been ongoing this year. It involves an extended release approach in terms of formulation and bioavailability and bioequivalence work. That is underway. It's been going well. As you just said, complete in 2020 at some point. And then, we'll use it to have regulatory discussions probably through the middle of 2021. We'll find an appropriate meeting to present that. But I'll remind you that we actually presented some ruxolitinib XR data in 2011 with the 25 milligram XR tablet. So, we have already and that work is ongoing and progressing well. In terms of the second pillar, combinations, we are running, as you said, the PI3-kinase delta combination. That's the most mature of them. We also have a rux plus pim combination and a rux plus itacitinib combination ongoing. We'll have ourselves  data inhouse to look at ourselves with rux plus delta approximately end of this year and we'll find an appropriate meeting to present it at in 2020 and make decisions  go-forward decisions or not in either first or second line on myelofibrosis when we look at the completeness of the data. We'll also  should have enough data with pim and itacitinib also to present in 2020 at an appropriate meeting. And then, the third pillar, and very important, is new targets to look at in MF and PV in collaborations with academia and different vendors, including epigenetic screen, to look if there are any new targets there and we haven't announced anything publicly yet. But that's a very, very active endeavor as well.
Vikram Purohit: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from George Farmer of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
George Farmer: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could comment a bit on pemigatinib and how you believe this molecule differentiates from other FGFR inhibitors?
Steven Stein: So, it's Steven. I'll go first. Dash may want to add something to it. We're in FGFR1, 2, 3 specific inhibitor. We know the PK and PD effects of this compound really well. We've done both intermittent dosing as well as continuous dosing. And we've got a very good PD marker, pharmacodynamic marker in hypophosphatemia. So, we can dose to that and, as I said earlier, manage appropriately. All compounds, obviously, chemically are different. Obviously, the only approved FGFR inhibitor currently is itacitinib, the Janssen compound, and that does hit FGFR 4 as well and may explain some of the difference in safety profile that we see. But we'll wait for the full data sets to bear that out.  As regards the other compounds, I don't know enough to comment on. I don't know if Dash wants to add anything.
Dashyant Dhanak: Yeah. I think you covered the major points there, Steven. We feel that pemigatinib is probably the most selective FGFR inhibitor out there. We're focused on FGFR 1, 2 and 3. We don't really touch the other isozymes. It varies in biochemical assays or cellular assays, et cetera. We have what we think is a great PK profile clinically. So, overall, we feel it's a balance of optimal selectivity for our target proteins as well as the clinical profile to sort of leverage that selectivity in an optimal way.
George Farmer: Great, that's helpful. And I know it's early days, but do you have any sense for duration of therapy in the steroid refractory acute setting with Jakafi?
Dashyant Dhanak: Well, we can only go on again the REACH1 trial and we believe, in fact, in the duration of response of 173 days that's in our label where therapy isn't changed and the patients don't come off for whatever reason. So, that's what we're going by.  But we don't really have, from a commercial standpoint, a follow-up yet on what the true nature is, but we do know that it's successful, that patients seem to be staying on it for a long time. As you know, in graft-versus-host disease in general, but it's particularly in acute graft-versus-host disease, physicians, bone marrow transplant docs, want to taper off drugs like steroids and even like Jakafi over a period of time, but just so they can do it safely and make sure they fully manage the effects of GVHD before they do so.
George Farmer: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Mara Goldstein of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Mara Goldstein: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. Just on a couple of questions, one is on the promotional sensitivity on Jakafi and the PV indication, you mentioned that you thought that that category could get 50% penetrated. So, I'm wondering where the resistance is among the prescribing community. And is that something that is subject to also greater promotion? And then, just secondarily, if you could update us on the status of the commercial organization for pemigatinib as you have NDA filed for cholangiocarcinoma?
Barry Flannelly: Sure. So, Jakafi is actually promotionally sensitive across all indications. It's both MS and PV can sometimes  most of our treating physicians and healthcare professionals don't see these patients that often. Sometimes, they're often worried about some of their other patients that might have lung cancer or pancreatic cancer. So, they don't pay enough attention to the symptoms, in fact, that these patients are experiencing and other indicators that their disease might be getting worse. So, we have oncology clinical nurse educators. We have, obviously, our MSLs and we have our sales representatives that are continuing to try to educate healthcare professionals that they need to look more closely at these patients, particularly PV patients who are suffering and that's one of the reasons we do our educational campaign, obviously, to encourage patients themselves to go out and, in fact, advocate for themselves if they don't feel like they're getting the appropriate treatment. Your second question was  oh, the commercial footprint for pemigatinib. So, we do plan, in fact, to add a few more people in 2020 to get ready for the pemigatinib launch. So, we're going to keep the full amount of current FTEs against Jakafi for MF and PV. We're going to increase slightly the number of FTEs that we have that are targeting graft-versus-host disease in bone marrow transplant centers and then a few FTEs that will be concentrated on pemigatinib. We also have a couple of oncology clinical nurse educators and, obviously, our market accessing people that are, in fact, fully ready for and fully trained on pemigatinib and cholangiocarcinoma for the launch in 2020.
Operator: Our final question is from Christopher Marai of Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Christopher Marai: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Just maybe touching up some of the ruxo lifecycle management plans, if I recall, previously, Incyte had a BET inhibitor in the pipeline or have been looking at that target. And [indiscernible], there was some great data for [indiscernible] in myelofibrosis and had the potential to potentially work in a second line, but also maybe augment [indiscernible] in first line myelofibrosis. And I was wondering if perhaps you could comment on your [indiscernible] how you might be looking at that particular target? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yeah, Christopher. Hi, it's Steven. So, I'll just remind you, we ourselves had a BET BRD program. So, obviously, we had pre-clinical data that showed that rux plus that target had enhanced or potentially enhanced efficacy in myelofibrosis and we ran into toxicity in terms of  a non-target toxicity in terms of thrombocytopenia and currently put ourselves the program on clinical hold with the regulators. You alluded to a competitor, BET BRD program which showed, you're right, some interesting data and have an abstract in for future medical meeting that they may show more and we'll follow that closely. We are interested in anything that enhances rux activity and we'll keep looking across that. Our own programs are there for us to use should we need to resurrect them.
Christopher Marai: Okay. [Technical Difficulty] the toxicities I think it sounds like the competitor had, but, as you noted, that was something you're still investigating. Any improvement on the therapeutic index there? Maybe any mechanistic reason why if you think yours might be different from the competitors? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yeah. So, I won't address them directly, but it's known that that BRD inhibitors have on-target thrombocytopenia that can be profound. So, you have to read the therapeutic ratio carefully in terms of potentially dosing to get there. I can't speak to the competitor compound there.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Herv Hoppenot for closing remarks.
Herv Hoppenot: Okay. Thank you. Thank you all for your time today and for your question and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor and medical conferences. But for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation's Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Mike Booth: Thank you, Jessie. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks and by Dash who will join us for the Q&A session. During the question-and-answer session, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and if needed one followup. This will enable as many of you to ask questions as time allows. Before we begin however, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2019 guidance, the commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, and from time to time, in our other SEC documents. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike and good morning, everyone. So at the beginning of 2019 we set out to achieve a series of specific goals and in the first half of the year we have already executed on a number of those commercial and clinical objectives. Q2 2019 was another strong quarter with 21% growth in total products and royalty revenue when compared to the same period last year. Sales of Jakafi grew by 18%, Iclusig revenues increased by 23% and Jakavi and Olumiant's royalties collectively demonstrated growth of 36%. In May, we announced that the FDA granted full approval of Jakafi for use in patients with steroid refractory acute GVHD. Our team was pretty alert and we launched Jakafi in this new indication immediately. There were two additional important updates within our development portfolio during the second quarter. Capmatinib data in patients with non-small cell lung cancer harboring MET exon-14 skipping mutations were presented at ASCO and Novartis continues to guide to an NDA submission in this indication in the second half of this year. If approved, Incyte would become eligible for 12% to 14% royalties on global net sales by Novartis and could receive over $500 million in potential milestones over time. Following our prior announcement of the Phase 2 trial of ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo has achieved its primary endpoint. The data was presented at the World Congress of Dermatology. The data was well received and we believe ruxolitinib cream has the potential to be transformative for the treatment of the millions of patients with vitiligo. We are preparing for Phase 3 development in this indication which we expect to initiate by the end of this year. We therefore begin the second half of the year with strong momentum and we look forward to reporting on several other important clinical and regulatory milestones in the coming months. One of Incyte's core strengths is our discovery engine. Several years ago, in order to capitalize on this we tasked a separate group of scientists to review potential uses for our molecular target outside of oncology. These efforts are now bearing fruit. In addition to our portfolio in hematology and oncology, we now have a separate and growing clinical portfolio in inflammation and autoimmunity indication. As you know, we are currently running proof of concept trial across several molecules and indication and the two most advanced products within the IAI Group are the evaluation of ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis and vitiligo. The data to date have been comparing in both indications and we look forward to future updates from ruxolitinib cream and as well as our proof of concept IAI program. We believe that adding this exciting new potential growth driver on top of our well established oncology franchise could further accelerate and diversify our revenue line and better position Incyte for sustainable long term growth. I will now turn the call over to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv and good morning everyone. Patient demand for Jakafi continues to be strong. In the second quarter demand grew by 14% year-over-year while net sales grew by 18%. As a result of these encouraging results and given the early data from the launch in GVHD, we have increased the lower end of our guidance. Our full-year 2019 guidance for net sales of Jakafi is now $1.61 billion to $1.65 billion. We are encouraged by the initial interest and excitement from healthcare professionals at bone morrow transplant centers across the nation as they learn about the approval of Jakafi for the treatment of patients with steroid-refractory GVHD. The data supporting the approval has also been very well received. It is early to fully quantify the impact of GVHD launch and overall Jakafi performance, but indicators from BMT centers are good and we are seeing an increase in new GVHD patients on Jakafi. For example, we have previously outlined the constrained nature of this opportunity which exists at a relatively small number of bone marrow transplant centers in the U.S. and our initial data indicate that over 80% of these top-tier centers have purchased Jakafi since FDA approval. Insurance coverage has also been encouraging and we are not aware of documented denials to date. And we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress over the coming quarters. I'll now turn the call over to Steven for the clinical update.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry and good morning everyone. Incyte is currently running six key late-stage development projects. These have the potential to treat a significant number of patients across numerous indications. Ultimately, these projects aim to transform Incyte into a company with multiple approved products in the United States, Europe and Japan over the next several years. We have made good progress over the last few months and we remain on track to achieve the clinical milestones that we have previously laid out. I'd now like to touch on two key data presentations made during the second quarter. In June, the Phase 2 data of ruxolitinib cream in patients with vitiligo were presented at the World Congress of Dermatology in Milan. As previously announced the trial achieved its primary endpoint of a facial VASI50 versus vehicle at week 24. Here you can see the improvements by dose over the course of the trial. The highest facial VASI50 scores were achieved using 1.5% ruxolitinib cream daily and twice daily. Importantly, ruxolitinib cream was well tolerated and was not associated with any clinically significant application site reactions or serious treatment related adverse events. As you know, the facial VASI75 represents a more complete clinical response in patients with vitiligo and this is why we have chosen this as a primary endpoint in our global Phase 3 development plan. On this slide you will see the facial VASI75 data from our Phase 2 study. These data show a clear dose response and at the 1.5% dose of ruxolitinib cream used twice per day was the most effective in treating vitiligo lesions. Our plans for Phase 3 development are moving forward and we continue to expect the initiation of pivotal development before the end of this calendar year. We intend to initiate two Phase 3 trials with 300 patients in each. The trials will evaluate ruxolitinib cream at a dose of 1.5% twice a day versus vehicle and our plan is to use facial VASI75 at 24 weeks as a primary endpoint of both studies. Note that at this dosing schedule in the Phase 2 trial 30% of patients treated with ruxolitinib cream achieved a facial VASI75 score whereas none of those patients treated with vehicle achieved a facial VASI75. We are hopeful that ruxolitinib cream will be the first vitiligo therapy approved by the FDA and that it may provide these patients with a meaningful improvement in their disease. The vitiligo data are very important to Incyte. Ruxolitinib cream is a first-in-class agent with a potentially disease modifying mechanism of action in a large indication with a clear unmet need. The transformative effect of ruxolitinib cream could have in the treatment of vitiligo has therefore placed even greater momentum behind our IAI franchise and development efforts. Let's move on to one of our out-licensed molecules, capmatinib, which has been developed by Novartis. At ASCO in June, updated data in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer harboring MET exon-14 skipping mutations from the GEOMETRY trail were presented. These data showed that almost all patients experienced reduction in tumor volume when treated with capmatinib and by RECIST these data showed overall response rate of 68% in first line patients and 41% in second and third line patients. The data also showed a manageable safety profile. As a reminder, capmatinib was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation and then Novartis expect to file an NDA by the end of this calendar year. I'll end my update by reminding you about the expected key news flow events during 2019. We continue to expect to submit the NDA of pemigatinib in second line cholangiocarcinoma before the end of this year. We are also planning for the presentation of updated data on the FIGHT-202 trial which will form the basis for the NDA submission later this year. We have multiple Phase 3 trials running across various types of graft-versus-host disease and expected to deliver top line results by the end of this calendar year. REACH2 is evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease and REACH3 is studying ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory chronic graft-versus-host disease. Both of these trials are being conduction in collaboration with Novartis. GRAVITAS-301 is evaluating itacitinib, our wholly-owned JAK1selective inhibitor in patients who are treatment nave acute graft versus host disease. If GRAVITAS-301 is positive, we would expect to seek approval for itacitinib in the United States, Europe and Japan based on these data. 2019 has been an excellent year of research and development execution thus far and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christiana for a financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thanks Steven, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to Slide 23 and 24 in the back half section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning. Turning now to Slide 17, our second quarter results reflect continued strong performance across all products with total product and royalty revenue of $510 million representing an increase of 21% over the second quarter of 2018. This is comprised of $410 million in Jakafi and $24 million in Iclusig net product revenues, $57 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis and $19 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. We also recognized $20 million in contract revenues under our collaboration agreement with Innovent resulting in total revenues for the quarter of $530 million. Our total costs and expenses for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis of $379 million decreased 3% from the prior year quarter. Ongoing R&D expense for the quarter was $237 million on a non-GAAP basis representing a decrease of 7% from the prior year period. This decrease reflects the impact of our decision to stop co-funding baricitinib development and lower costs related to the epacadostat program partially offset by costs to advance our other internal development programs. SG&A expense for the quarter of $93 million on a non-GAAP basis decreased 3% from the prior year quarter. This decrease reflects the timing of certain commercial activities which this year are expected to take place in the second half. Moving to our guidance for 2019, we are increasing the low end of our Jakafi revenue guidance from $1.58 billion to $1.61 billion based on our results in the first half of the year. We are reiterating both R&D and SG&A expense guidance as we continue to invest in both our commercial efforts and in our clinical development portfolio. I will now turn the call back to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christiana. So our next slide outlines our progress to date in 2019 as well as our remaining key news flow events we expect during 2019 including news from our partners. With this literally exciting latest program we are taking important steps toward our strategic goals of further diversifying the organization and driving sustainable revenue growth. That concludes our prepared remarks and we are now happy to take your questions. Operator, please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, great. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions and also for such efficient scripted comments. I always appreciate it. So my first question is regarding GVHD. Can you just help us better understand the key gating items and levers that we need to think about with Jakafi's launch in this setting and should we be looking at this as a growth driver for the company in the near-term as more of a place setter for itacitinib? And then I have one followup.
Barry Flannelly: Sure Cory, this is Barry. Well as far as gating levers go, you know one of the most important things is access and we havent had any problem with access at all. You know, it's early, but we really think the launch is going very well, both -- we have some qualitative and quantitative measures. Qualitatively we know that even centers that have been using Jakafi for GVHD before they might have been using it third or fourth line or even later, and now they've moved it up to second line. Quantitatively, we know that orders from the 150 or so bone marrow transplant centers have increased. We dont always know exactly why they are ordering it, whether it is for MSPD [ph] or GVHD, but we can assume that most of the new orders are actually all for GVHD. We know that specialty distributor orders are up and those are generally as opposed to specialty pharmacy, specialty distributors shipped to hospitals and we know that those are up pretty substantially. We really think that with this year and I think I've said this before, of our top line net sales GVHD will account for about $80 million and that's spontaneous use as well as use once we have the approval. Is it a growth driver? Pretty sure, it's a growth driver. As we get more data and new indications for Jakafi, but also ultimately for itacitinib as we gain approval in the first-line setting in both acute and chronic GVHD.
Cory Kasimov: Okay, that's very helpful Barry. And then my followup probably for Herv, but I'd be interesting in getting your broader thoughts on and healthcare reform and all the noise that's out there, and to the extent there's something that's enacted that incorporates Part D, can you just remind us of your potential exposure there? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot: No, thanks for the question, and usually it's top of mind for many people, it's a situation Medicare sales for Jakafi in the U.S. I think we said are around 50% of our total business in the U.S. for Jakafi today. So that gives you an idea of the size of our Medicare exposure. The way we look at it is, first we know that there are a number of patients in the U.S. on Medicare who are not taking Jakafi because of the co-pays that they have to contribute today. So the goal for us of any kind of reform is first to reduce the co-pay because it will be good for us, but also because of humanitarian reason I think it's one of the effects of current system in the U.S. is that there are number of people who cannot afford the co-pays the way it is defined today. So one of the good thing of what we have seen in the draft of the Senate document is a significant reduction in the co-pay for patients. It is very difficult for us to quantify what kind of effect it would have on the number of patients who could now afford to be treated with a product like Jakafi. And it's not just Jakafi, I mean it's really touching all cancer treatment in general and we think it will be a huge positive for these patients as the co-pay is reduced. And frankly we wish it would be further reduced. I mean, the counterpart of that would be for us the contribution to the catastrophic coverage and the net-net of the two frankly is difficult to quantify. What we think, what I think personally is that as we move forward for the next 10 years, you know, for a company like us with innovative products coming to market over the next 10 years, the fact that patients part of the payments for this innovative treatment is reduced is fundamentally a very good thing because it will give excess to more people in the U.S.
Cory Kasimov: All right, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams: Hi there, thanks so much for taking my questions. I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the Phase 3 vitiligo trial design. Chris, if you could talk a little more about what shape your choice of endpoints there for the Phase 3, the F-VASI75, whether that was driven by regulatory feedback or more about meaningfulness to patients, how we should be thinking about timelines and potential timelines for enrollment there? And then what your goal would be for potentially maximizing this differentiation versus other topicals from those studies? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Brain, hi it's Steven. Thanks for your questions. So re the Phase 3 design and the primary endpoint and whether it is regulatory or patient driven or both, as you can see, as you set the bar higher as regards VASI scores, whether it is 25%, 50% or 75% obviously the relative percent gained in achieving the efficacy endpoint is somewhat lower. But it is meaningfulness right? So once you get up to 75% re-pigmentation you are proving to regulators that you've achieved something meaningful as well as to patients, so it's both in that regard and it is both driven by discussions with regulators and obviously taking patient input into regard. You'll see the  the vehicle response rate is zero at that time at 24 weeks. What we expect and what we know from the cream and how it behaves is over time actually these numbers go up. So remember this study actually goes on for a total of two years. We will eventually have 52-week data and data beyond that and there is every expectation given the way it works in the natural course of this disease that those numbers will increase over time at 52 weeks and beyond. So it is a bit of both and it will set a standard for future studies in terms of achieving that endpoint. In terms of timelines, again I'll just be repetitive, the vehicle response rate is zero, so we dont require a great deal of patients to conduct these studies. We require two studies as per the regulations, but there are only 300 patients each given the very low to zero vehicle response rate. So we're looking to enroll 600 patients. I expect it will enroll quickly. We just can't give you exact timelines at this juncture. Differentiation wise, we know from the atopic dermatitis program that, and that has extensive now patient numbers in the exposure data that the cream is extremely well-tolerated. In atopic dermatitis there is resolution of of the itch in 48 hour or less. There is no burning on application. So, you know we have  as long as we achieve the efficacy we fully expect from our Phase 2 program we have a differentiated profile from a tolerability point of view. Thanks.
Brian Abrahams: That's really helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Carter Gould with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Gould: Great, good morning. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe one for Steven, just digging in a little bit more on to GRAVITAS-301, just kind of wondering around kind of your assumption and the importance of showing a separation on non-relapse mortality when you think about sort of the target product profile and as we think about that Phase 3 readout? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Carter, hi, Steven, thanks for your question. So GRAVITAS-301 for everybody else is itacitinib and steroid naive acute graft-versus-host disease. It has two very important endpoints; the overall response rate as well as non-relapse mortality. So that's - that's due to anything other than disease relapse, so either infections or progression of graft versus host disease. In terms of the primary endpoint and overall response rate, the study is powered to show a 16% or greater increase in overall response rate that's public and we've made that available. In terms of non-relapse mortality, it's a 40% relative reduction in non-relapse mortality at six months, and that we fully expect from our enabling proof of concept data to achieve both those endpoints. We need to achieve both to get the study across the finish line and work towards a submission for both. So those are the endpoints we aim for, the proof of concept data easily exceeded those, so we have room to move.
Carter Gould: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. So with regard to your Phase 3 topical ruxolitinib trial in atopic dermatitis that's reading out next year, the study ongoing is in adults with surface area limits. Can you just help us to understand the market targeted by this study and when you look at the adult population versus the pediatric population and then your plans for studying pediatric patients given you have a Phase 1 study ongoing? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes. Salveen . Hi, thanks for your question. So you're correct, the current program looks at patients 12 years and above and that it covers mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis and that covers the vast majority of patients suffering from the condition. We do want to eventually, once we achieve adequate safety data to enable the work study younger patients, but we need to first prove that there is no issue in terms of safety in that population. But as I said, it doesn't represent the majority of the patients there. The body surface limits are just somewhat practical in nature. Remember we are applying a cream and that you just can't apply it to the entire body, but again this encompasses patients with a majority of atopic dermatitis and we are comfortable with the way the program is set up. Thanks. 
Salveen Richter: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Marc Frahm: Hi, yes. Thanks. One thing that wasn't touched on in the regulatory or in the recent R&D update, it's maybe - could you touch on the essential thrombocythemia kind of enrollment update or trying to maybe cut the trial off and get a publication out that could support something like guideline inclusion? And then, given the fact that those have been kind of going slower than expected, but were part of long-term guidance, do you need to update that long-term guidance for Jakafi?
Steven Stein: Hi, Marc, hi, it's Steven. I'll do the first part and then I'll ask Barry to address the -- contribution to guidance. So, you are correct and we said this on numerous calls that given the eligibility criteria required to get onto the study in that patients have to have a high white cell count and be post hydroxyurea and then be further randomized to either ruxolitinib or anagrelide, it hasn't been an easy study to enroll at all and we said, you know it's taken longer than expected. So we are very much considering whether as you said, this should be changed more into a publication strategy. We are currently working with the regulatory authorities on another amendment that may help enrollment and that's allow prior anagrelide and we'll see if that will help enrollment or not. It's too early to tell in terms of that. Remember, the vast majority of patients with essential thrombocythemia are controlled with hydroxyurea, so it was really always for the patients who weren't in that space. It's the last myeloproliferative neoplasm that we don't have an indication for. We know from spontaneous use, anecdotal reports and others, that the drug has efficacy there and that's why we conducted the Phase 3 program, but it could well be turned more into a publication [indiscernible] Elistin [ph] top strategy. I'll ask Barry to answer your next question.
Barry Flannelly: Hi, Marc. So we're very confident in our long-term guidance of $2.5 billion to $3 billion. We - even without ET, but as Steven said, we do have some spontaneous use of Jakafi for patients with ET. I think that will continue, but the vast majority of sales really come from continued growth in MF, PV and GVHD.
Marc Frahm: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Michael Schmidt with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is Kelcy [ph] on for Michael. Thanks for taking our questions. First, so we've heard from physicians that patients stay on Jakafi for a pretty long time. I guess, in this context, how could the potential approval of fedratinib in the coming months maybe affect Jakafi patient duration? And then secondly, we were just hoping if you could provide a little more color on the FGFR tumor agnostic program, maybe just kind of remind us what bar needs to be cleared with that data set to potentially warrant an agnostic label? Thanks so much.
Barry Flannelly: So thanks, Kelcy, this is Barry. I'll take the first part of the question and hand it over to Steven for the second part of the question. So for the potential launch of fedratinib, we believe that patients will continue to stay on therapy as long as they benefit from Jakafi which is both in MF and PV quite a long time. So I think that's the most important thing is that patients get the most benefit out of Jakafi before they move on to something else. As far as the efficacy and safety of Jakafi as compared to other JAK inhibitors including fedratinib we're very confident that Jakafi is the best-in-class drug and that patients should start on Jakafi before they move on to something else. So we don't think it's really going to affect as much at all. Steven?
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry. Thanks for the question. So this is a very important part of the pemigatinib program. So remember the cholangiocarcinoma study is complete. We expect to file in the second half of this year. The bladder cancer work is ongoing and should complete enrollment also second half of this year and hopefully would be part of a submission next year. And then the third pillar here is the tumor agnostic program. We also have an ongoing effort in a very rare myeloproliferative neoplasm that's driven by FGFR 1 chromosome 8p11 translocation. But in terms of the tumor agnostic program, you're right the -- there is, you can't be specific in terms of a bar, but let me just give you a sense of some of the tumors. If you look at endometrial carcinoma, is about 10% of those patients that have FGFR two mutations or fusions. Glioblastoma is also about 10% for FGFR 3, squamous cell non-small cell lung cancer about 5%, FGFR mutations or fusions rectal cancer about 2%, and squamous cell head and neck also about 2%. All of those are allowed to come on the program. The guidance from regulators to date has been, if you already have an indication, you have an established drug that hits -- an oncogene has already been shown to work and at that juncture will have cholangiocarcinoma and hopefully bladder cancer as well, then there is obviously precedent in the most recent ones probably checkpoint blockade with MSI-high tumors with checkpoint blockade they got an indication. In terms of de novo indications there is obviously NRTK inhibitors now that are given across the board where the histology is agnostic. So you need to see reasonable response rates that are durable. Some of those tumors I mentioned, you would require a higher number than glioblastoma for example, where there is a lot of unmet need. So it would be a little bit on case-by-case basis. As long as the genetic mutation is a driver, the drug hits that driver mutation and causes a response rate that's durable, we expect with the cumulative data set to possibly get a tumor agnostic indication there. The opportunity from a patient point of view, actually if you add all those up, becomes bigger than the whole for all the other tumor types. So it's a very, very important program to us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, sounds really helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Harrison: Great, good morning, thanks for taking the question. I guess, I wanted to ask about GRAVITAS-301as well, but more on the commercial side, could you just talk, I guess two parts here, could you talk a little bit about, given that there are a bunch of cheap generics available, what sort of efficacy differential do you think you need to be able to achieve to have solid pricing premium there and uptake? And then just briefly comment on what sort of sales force expansion, you think you need to have to maximize the syndication? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot: I'll let Steven start off with the beginning, and then I'll pick up on the sales force and potential for the drug.
Steven Stein: So, Matthew, let me just go back to your important question around endpoints in GRAVITAS-301. We spoke about them briefly earlier. So remember, there are two important endpoints. There is the overall response rate at day-28 and then there is non-relapse mortality and obviously this is a steroid naive acute graft versus host disease. So it's a combination of itacitinib and steroids versus steroids alone and you alluded to steroids being a cheap generic, and that's exactly why the studies conducted and powered to show an appreciable difference in both. So just let me remind you on the overall response rate, we need to see a 16% absolute improvement in response rate or better and then it has to be coupled with six months in non-relapse mortality that was relatively speaking 40% or better to get both to justify the use of a JAK inhibitor in addition to steroids and that population. I'll ask Barry to address your commercial question.
Barry Flannelly: So with the endpoints that Steven laid out, I don't think there will be much of a problem getting premium pricing at least compared to generics like steroids, if that's what you're implying. Non-relapse mortality is a significant endpoint and again I think we'll be able to have an adequate price for this drug. As far as the sales force goes, in the in the United States we mostly have it covered to be honest. We might have expansions for other drugs that are coming, including itacitinib and pemigatinib that we'll think about in a little bit, but in Europe and Japan, then we will need to have a sales force that increases to certain amount.
Herv Hoppenot: Yes, just a word on Europe, in fact we did, we did the calculation recently and the Iclusig sales force that we have today there is in fact very much targeting that same centers that are doing bone marrow transplant. So there would be some increase, but it would be relatively marginal regarding the European side. And in Japan, we would love to have itacitinib in GVHD as our first product to launch in hematology, because again the number of centers is relatively limited compared to the overall need for sales force in hematology. And it would be something that would be feasible with a number of reps, of commercial people that is really small compared to the traditional Japanese sales force that you need for oncology. So Europe, we are almost there. So there is a marginal increase. And Japan it would be very reasonable. So it's an indication for us that would be a driver of the top line growth, but would be also very good contributor to the bottom line.
Mike Booth: We can get the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.
Alethia Young: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the progress. I just wanted to go to the PI3-kinase. I know you have data coming next year and obviously there is some PI3-kinase as they're starting to emerge again. So I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on how you're thinking about what the reasonable profile for this drug could be and kind of some of your thoughts heading into the data in 2020? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Alethia hi, Steven. Thanks for your question. In terms of the PI3-kinase delta program in lymphomas, I'll also remind you by the way, we have the RUX combo ongoing in myeloproliferative neoplasms as well, particularly MF. But in terms of lymphomas, which I think is the meat of your question there are three registration directed approaches. One is against follicular lymphoma, the other against mantle cell and the third one against marginal zone lymphoma. They are all enrolling really well. They will complete enrollments in the second half of this year. We'll get data, as you alluded to in 2020 and we expect, based on activity we've seen to date high response rates that are durable. And then each of their own will be submitted as potential indications. There is a potential to lump together lower grade lymphomas. So you could do follicular and marginal zone together for example. Mantle cell is probably standalone. There is a crowded space as you alluded to in terms of mechanism of action, there are BTK inhibitors, BCL2 inhibitors, CAR-T therapies, et cetera, but all those conditions remain incurable. All have unmet need attached and we've seen regulators even more willing lately in areas of unmet need to approve additional agents. So we remain confident in the approach, thus far. And there will probably be more in the accelerated approval, conditional approval camp. So you will likely see should the datasets justify them confirmatory studies being set up more likely combination work, but that's the entirety of the program. All the data on those studies in 2020. Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot: And just, sorry, just a quick followup on that. As far as safety goes, I mean do you think that's what really is going to differentiate, I mean kind of what have you been doing there with those and kind of help with that as well? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Yes, Alethia I think you're right. We took a timeline hit because of that. We did some very careful work with scheduling and dosing because we knew the drug is highly active, even B-cell tumors literally melt away with PI3-Kinase delta inhibition, but in the long-term toxicity particularly colitis. So we looked at induction daily dosing for eight weeks and then switching to weekly, and then we looked at induction daily dosing for 20 milligrams daily for eight weeks and switching to lower dose daily, and we've done a lot of work in that regard. It looks like both of those schedule and dose changes ameliorate the safety profile quite substantially. For example, we see little to no colitis at this date, at this juncture. We still have to wait for the complete dataset. I think it's likely at this juncture that you'll see, this 20 milligram daily for eight week induction to get the maximum effect, maximum response, and then likely switch to lower dose daily dosing of like 2.5 daily, and that should get us to the therapeutic ratio we desire and you alluded to, because it will be critical. You'll have to hit that efficacy bar and then have tolerable safety profile. Thanks.
Alethia Young: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tyler Van Buren with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Tyler Van Buren: Great, thanks guys. Good to see all the progress over the course of the quarter. I had a question with respect to REACH3in chronic GVHD that we'll see by the end of the year, much like you did for GRAVITAS-301 where you spoke about the parameters for overall response rate and non-relapse mortality, could you speak about the powering assumptions or what you need to achieve for success in REACH3 and your comfort with what we will see on best available therapy and what you would expect it to show?
Steven Stein: Sure. Thank you. It's Steven. So, we haven't given out the statistical analysis plan powering assumptions for REACH2 and REACH3 like we have for GRAVITAS-301, but I can talk to the meat of your question. Remember both REACH2 and REACH3 are randomized against best available therapies. It's not wide open. There is a specific list for each trial that's available on the clinical trials carve listing [ph]. For REACH3 best available therapy in chronic include therapies like extracorporeal photopheresis, low dose methotrexate, mycophenolate, M2 inhibitors and a few others including BTK inhibitors. So you are correct. I mean the study has to beat those best available therapies. We know from our - again our proof of concept data with ruxolitinib in the setting that we get higher response rate that's what's been published to date with best available therapies. All those therapies I mentioned while not approved have had Phase 2 studies done and shown 30% to 50% response rates. But in totality, we'll have to beat the response and the durability for the response, but we haven't shared the powering assumptions publicly yet. Thanks.
Tyler Van Buren: Okay, thanks. So just as a followup on REACH2, is there any kind of, I guess what incremental data in that study do you think is most important to continue to facilitate uptake of Jakafi in that setting?
Steven Stein: I'll talk from a clinical perspective. I dont know if Barry will want to add anything afterwards. The -- again it's different from REACH1. REACH1was a single arm study. You've seen the data and as I've already said we got a full approval from the FDA on that data set. So it's actually nothing more required in the U.S. from a regulatory point of view for REACH1. But obviously, this is an important dataset that will be randomized against best available therapy. We will get a sense of what the response rate is in that randomized setting with Novartis. They'll be using that globally for a file in steroid refractory acute and we'll get a sense of the safety versus best available therapy. But I don't expect to see a different data set in terms of response or durability of response that we've seen from REACH1 and we actually don't need it from a regulatory point of view. From Barry, if you want to add anything?
Barry Flannelly: Yes. No. Obviously so what Steven said it's another solid data set that for those people that might still have some hesitation, BMT, healthcare professionals that might have some hesitation about introducing a drug like Jakafi it will just give them more confidence that in fact this is an important drug to be used in the treatment of this devastating disease.
Tyler Van Buren: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Schimmer with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Schimmer: Hey, thanks for taking two quick questions, first, can you quantify how much of the Jakafi quarter-over-quarter growth came from MF versus PV versus GVHD versus improvement in gross to net? And then on that topical franchise I get asked a lot whether topical drugs can be premium priced, if so, what kind of price band are you thinking that would account for both a vitiligo indication which is less common and for atopic dermatitis indication that might be more common? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Sure. So, Josh. Thanks for the question. So for the quarter, so MF continues to be, if there is about 14,000 patients in any given quarter MF accounts for about 7,000 patients, PV accounts for about 5,000 patients, and others is about 2000 patients in any given quarter. So, the growth, so new patients in total patients for MF grew quarter-over-quarter, for PV grew quarter-over-quarter, for other grew quarter-over-quarter and we can't always break that out for GVHD. How much was accounted for in gross to net was 4% quarter-over-quarter. So, as you know the gross to net in the first quarter has the biggest impact and then it gets better in the second quarter. As far as premium price, I'll turn it over to Herv and see if he has some comments.
Herv Hoppenot: So, the situation is the following, is that we have a Phase 3 ongoing, two Phase 3 ongoing in atopic dermatitis with two different concentration being compared to a placebo. So vehicle versus two different concentrations, so that would read in 2020 somewhere next year and we are initiating the vitiligo Phase 3 study. So your comment is -- your question is really about the pricing, is the pricing identical between two indications where for one of them vitiligo we have a first-in-class disease modifying effect, and another atopic dermatitis where there is a fair amount of competition. I think it's important to remember that the duration of treatments are very, very different between the two indications. You heard from Steven that the vitiligo the 24-week data that has been published is one aspect, but the 52 weeks. If the trend continues, we'll show that the duration of treatment should go beyond 24 weeks, where in fact the treatment in atopic dermatitis is in many cases just a few weeks per year if you look at it over a 52 weeks period. So this entire pricing question is not resolved yet. We need to have more data point to be able to make the right decision between the two indications and the different concentrations, and frankly, it will be something that will be done probably during the -- when we see the data in atopic dermatitis. Can we have a premium price on the topical formulation is an excellent question. I frankly believe looking at the Vitiligo data that is accumulating that there is a case to be made about the economic value of this topical ruxolitinib formulation, because it is frankly giving a level of efficacy that is better than what we can see from the data we have, what we can see with alternative treatments that are in fact fairly expensive, so there is, there is a value case that could be made around the vitiligo indication.
Josh Schimmer: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Stephen Willey with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Willey: Yes, good morning, thanks for taking the question. Just a quick question on Jakafi guidance and then one for Steven. It looks like the high-end of the new range implies, I think less than 4% sequential growth going forward. Just want to make sure that there is nothing implied in there from a discounting or headwind perspective?
Barry Flannelly: This is Barry. Thanks, Stephen. So, no, there is no discounting. We think that the low end of the guidance is 16% growth year-over-year in net sales. The high-end guidance is 19% growth year-over-year. We're confident by lowering the lower end of our guidance that will come in at the upper end of our guidance.
Stephen Willey: Got it. And then maybe just quickly for Steven, is it your expectation that the competitive landscape of FGFR inhibitors including pemigatinib are going to have shared mechanisms of acquired resistance?
Steven Stein: Yes, it's a good question. There is obviously erdafitinib approved now in bladder cancer. We should be the first in cholangiocarcinoma, but there other inhibitors out there. They all have slightly different profiles in terms of the specificity and whether they are more promiscuous for other receptors. And because of that the resistant profile that may ultimately emerge may be different for each of them. It's just too early to know. I mean, we are highly encouraged the collection of biopsy and sequencing of patients that have progression it is just not that easy to do. And if you witness historically other diseases, I mean, take chronic myeloid leukemia with the introduction of tyrosine kinase inhibitors there you got the entity of T315I mutations forming which is a new disease for which a drug like ponatinib works. Right? So, you will see what develops. We just don't know at the moment what the resistant mutation profile will look like for our drug versus the others. I suspect there may be slight differences because each of the agents it's slightly different receptors upfront, can't give you more at the moment.
Stephen Willey: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Lawson with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Lawson: Thanks for taking the questions. Just on pemigatinib, just how should we think about the durability you would need to see in the pan tumor setting, should we think about that as kind of individual case-by-cases or can we kind of think about it as a collective durability?
Herv Hoppenot: Sorry, we just, yes, we have Steven.
Steven Stein: Sorry Peter, we've got a microphone issue for a second. So, just in cholangiocarcinoma first then I'll talk about the pan-tumor thing. Remember it's a second line study. The standard of care currently is chemotherapy with 10% to 15% response rate and very short progression-free survival of a few months. So in that setting, versus that we would have to beat the response rate and then the progression-free survival data. Pan-tumor wise as I said, if you look at the different entities, endometrial carcinoma, glioblastoma, you're going to have different progression-free survival durability that you need to see and each one will be a case-by-case to get to the point you made. It's just hard to comment now. Thanks.
Peter Lawson: And just a followup on the PI3K, the dose changes and intermittent scheduling, do you think that kind of hinders the potential uptake in what could be a crowded marketplace in follicular and MZL?
Herv Hoppenot: I think it's a good question. You know, we did toy with purely scientific data driven with weekly dosing, which may or may not have had a compliance issue. But as it turns out, it's looking like and we'll have to back this up with data in the future, that it will still be daily dosing and it will just be a different dose. So it will be a 20 milligram induction for 8 weeks, followed by a lower daily dose. So there is not going to be a scheduling issue that I think will hinder uptake. I think what we're doing with the higher dose induction is the right thing because most - just about all the responses take place in the first eight to nine weeks. So you maximize your response and then you scale back to still hold the tumor and check but manage the tolerability. I don't see an uptake issue with that.
Peter Lawson: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Evan Seigerman with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all, thank you for taking the question and congrats on the progress. One on pemigatinib, so can you just remind us of the opportunity in cholangiocarcinoma? And more broadly, how do you compete against J&J and the potential bladder cancer opportunity? And then one for Christiana, you had mentioned that you have some ability to potentially do some BD [ph], can you remind us of your estimated capacity and how this could potentially fit into the strategic priorities of Incyte? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Yes, Evan, thanks it's Steven. I'll go first. So if you look at the cholangiocarcinoma opportunity intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, about 13% to 20% of patients have FGFR2 translocations. So we estimate about 2000 to 3,000 addressable intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma patients in major markets globally with that particular mutation and we should be first there. You're right that J&J erdafitinib has the indication in bladder first. This is probably about 15,000 patients globally with the FGFR3 mutation there, but just a few issues. So we'll see. If you look at their label in terms of tolerability obviously they hit the efficacy bar they wanted, but in tolerability they have, as I said upfront to different profile in terms of hitting different receptors and they did have an ocular tolerability issue of around 20% to 25%. We'll see if we are able to compete there in a better way and that we will achieve the efficacy desired, but have a better tolerability profile. So that's one way of differentiating as long as you have the efficacy. And then, it terms of lifecycle management, we have different approaches going forward on what is needed from a confirmatory study point of view. And you'll see we will be, and it's already up on clinical trials out doing the first-line study in bladder cancer and they are not. So that's one other way should that work, we will differentiate and potentially get a jump on the market there.
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi Evan, it's Christiana. I'll take the question on the BD [ph]. First of all, as we have previously discussed, our focus is on diversification and long-term growth. So when you look at our internal pipeline late-stage pipeline is shaping up very nicely to help us achieve that objective. At the same time, we have $1.7 billion as of the end of June of cash on our balance sheet and that gives us the ability to opportunistically look at BD supplement our internal activities. So when we look at BD it would be in line with the same corporate objective of adding to diversification on the top line and driving long-term growth and focus more on the mid-term type of timeline.
Evan Seigerman: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Jay Olson with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Jay Olson: Well, hey, congrats on the quarter and thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to follow up on pemigatinib. I think you said you would submit NDA filing later this year. I was wondering if you were going to present an updated cut of the Phase 2 cholangiocarcinoma data later in the year and also could you comment on which sales force you would use to promote pemigatinib, would that be your Jakafi sales force, and can you just talk about the overlap there?
Steven Stein: So Jay, it's Steven. You're correct, the pemigatinib files, we have the data, we have it in hand, we are presently preparing the submission and will go in the second half of this year in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma that has the FGFR2 mutation. With that, although we can't give you the exact meeting, but there'll be an oral presentation of the data at a meeting in the second half of this year that will be, have the content of what's in the NDA with that as well.
Barry Flannelly: Yes and so Jay it's Barry. So we're still working on exactly how we're going to roll out the sales force next year to support pemigatinib, but it will add a few people to our 120 sales reps that we currently have and we'll keep basically the same number of FTEs and MF, PV and GVHD and have a certain number of FTEs that are dedicated to the promotion of pemigatinib. You know that in fact hematologists and oncologists throughout the United States, basically treat everything at least in the community setting. So we're really calling on many of the same offices today as we will with pemigatinib.
Jay Olson: Great, thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. We have one final question coming from the line of Andrew Berens with SVB Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Berens: Hi, thanks, good morning guys. So I have a question or a couple of questions on the GVHD franchise and then maybe I could sneak one in on the derm franchise too. I was wondering with Jakafi approval in GVHD has there been any changes to the formulary treatment of Jakafi? And then also I was just wondering if itacitinib is approved in the frontline setting, how does that change the opportunity for Jakafi in the refractory setting?
Barry Flannelly: Hi, this is Barry, Andrew. So in fact for does it change anything for acceptance and access for patients and Jakafi with GVHD. No, I mean, we've always had great access from the payers for Jakafi for PV and MF, and as far as we can tell in the launch, we've really have had no restrictions whatsoever. Many of the insurers actually have no utilization management for Jakafi in GVHD. Whether they'll write them in the future or not, we dont know. But generally speaking, patients with getting bone marrow transplants have access to all drugs. As far as it itacitinib goes, we think that itacitinib it's going to be used in first-line setting. We think it's going to help many patients in that setting for both acute and chronic GVHD. We do think that both of the drugs can live together, but obviously itacitinib will have worldwide, and that will be very important to us to launch in countries around the world. So, will patients get ruxolitinib after they get itacitinib, it's certainly possible.
Andrew Berens: Okay, thanks. And then maybe just the question on the derm franchise is for Herv, I'm just wondering how you're thinking about developing that opportunity outside the U.S.?
Herv Hoppenot: Thanks. Yes, what we said in the past, is that the case is getting more and more convincing on the U.S. side too obviously for us to book the sales, to diversify our portfolio, to do promotion and a lot of the commercial work in the U.S., our self. As the size of the required is really this study the question is still very much open for the rest of the world. I think you can imagine, Asia is a part of the world where we would probably benefit from having a partner and the question about Europe is really 50-50 at this point. We are looking at different options of collaboration that could help us, and we have time before we make that decision because we will get the atopic dermatitis, there let's say midyear and the fighting in the in the second half of the year. So from thereto European approvals there will be another 12 months at least. So we are basically two years away from the - at least from the launch in Europe, probably more. And we want to take that time to have a full understanding of the financial and strategic implication of that decision for Europe.
Andrew Berens: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. So I'd like to pass the floor back over to Herv for any additional concluding comments.
Herv Hoppenot: So thank you all for your time today and for your questions. So we look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor and medical conferences, but for now we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Again, we thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte First Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead, Mike.
Mike Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Christiana Stamoulis, who will deliver our prepared remarks. And by Dash who will join us for the Q&A session. Before we begin however, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2019 guidance, the commercialization of our products and the development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and from time to time, in our other SEC documents. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike and good morning, everyone. So we have excellent progress in the first quarter of 2019. Net product revenues of Jakavi continued to be strong, delivering 20% growth over the first quarter of last year and last week, Novartis reported strong sales of Jakavi, ex-US, also up 20% on a constant currency basis with continued double digit growth across all operators. Including Jakavi and Olumiant royalties, sales of Iclusig and the milestones from Innovent, we reported total revenue of 498 million, up 30% compared to Q1 last year. On the right side of slide 4, you will see some of the important progress from across our development portfolio. Our GVHD development work is on track and we recently completed recruitment in to the GRAVITAS-301 trial we tested in patient with treatment naive acute GVHD and we plan to announce the plan result from this trial before the end of 2019. We are also on track to submit the NDA seeking approval of Pemigatinib in cholangiocarcinoma in the second half of 2019. And we expect that the data supporting the NDA will be presented at the medical meeting in the second half of the year. This morning, we announced the successful completion of the phase 2 trial of Ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo patients, which represents a robust proof of concept in a second indication beyond atopic dermatitis, where we are already in phase 3. Based on the phase 2 results for Ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo, we are also moving forward with phase 3 developments in this indication and we look forward to sharing this data with you at the medical meeting in the coming weeks. Novartis continues to plan for the NDA submission for Capmatinib in the second half of the year and updated data from the GEOMETRY trial have been accepted for oral presentation at this years ASCO in June. Exciting data from two of our early stage projects were presented at AACR earlier in April, the presentations of our oral PD-L1 inhibitor program as well as a PD-L1xCD137 bi-specific, were developing in collaboration with Myers were very well received and I believe that unlimited of the importance of discovery science for long term value creation. Today, we also announced that we will no longer participate in co-founding pathogen development with Lilly. We intend to make a reallocation of this capital to late stage development program during 2019 and 2020, as we now believe that certain projects such as the acceleration and expansion of Ruxolitinib cream development and the acceleration of our opportunities in our later stage portfolio wont increase funding. We continue to believe that pathogen has an impact place in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and potentially in other autoimmune and inflammatory conditions. But with our cumulative investment already earning us a substantial royalty rate, we believe that now is the right time to opt out and to reallocate capital to support exciting project to help us reach our strategic goals of diversification and growth. With that, Ill turn the call over to Barry for an update on the US business.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv and good morning, everyone. Jakavi continues to perform well and Q1 performance was in line with our expectations and with full year 2019 guidance for net sales of $1.58 billion to $1.65 billion. Jakavis sales increased by 20% over Q1 of last year, driven by demand in both approved indications. We saw total MS and total PD patients grow by 8% and 18% respectively in the first quarter, versus the same period in 2018.  Slide 7 shows the sales bridge for Q1 2018 to Q1 2019. The growth of Jakavi was mostly driven by volume. And you can see that amounted to an increase of $42 million compared to Q1 of last year. You'll remember that the negative effect on gross to net is highest in Q1. It is also important to note that drug manufacturers are now required to contribute 70% of the coverage gap or donut hole as compared to 50% in previous years. I'll finish by reminding you of the May 24 PDUFA date on our SNDA for Ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute GVHD and that we are ready to launch immediately should the FDA approve Ruxolitinib in this indication. Our field force has already been sized and structured to support the launch. Our REACH development program also continues as planned. The results from both REACH 2 and REACH 3, the global phase 3 trials of Ruxolitinib which we're running in collaboration with Novartis in steroid refractory acute and chronic GVHD are expected by the end of this year. I'll now turn the call over to Steven for the clinical update.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry, and good morning everyone. Incyte is currently running six key late stage development programs, as summarized on slide 10. These have the potential to treat a significant number of patients across numerous indications. More broadly speaking, these programs aim to transform Incyte into a company with multiple approved products in the United States, Europe, and Japan over the next several years. Today, we are focusing our attention on four of them, as these are the projects that we expect to generate important updates during 2019. Barry has already highlighted our ruxolitinib program in steroid refractory graft versus host disease. And I will touch on the remaining three in my remarks. We are pleased to announce today that the phase 2 trial of ruxolitinib cream in patients with Vitiligo successfully reached its primary endpoint, and that the plans for phase 3 development are now underway. This was a randomized dose ranging and vehicle control phase 2 trial in more than 150 adults with Vitiligo, and we look forward to sharing the data with you at a medical meeting soon. Vitiligo is an inflammatory disease of the skin, which results in patches of de-pigmentation and the potential for significant impact on patients lives. It is estimated that there are 2 million to 3 million patients in the United States with this disorder and there are no currently approved FDA treatments. Many patients try steroids or phototherapy. But these options have not shown significant or long lasting re-pigmentation of the skin. We expect to initiate phase 3 development by the end of this year. And we are hopeful that ruxolitinib cream will be the first therapy approved by the FDA and will provide these patients with a meaningful improvement in their disease. We believe that there are significant opportunities within our pemigatinib program. We expect to file the NDA for second line FGFR2 translocated cholangiocarcinoma in the second half of this year. And we are also planning to share the data that supports the proposed NDA at a medical meeting in the second half of 2019. The second indication we are pursuing for pemigatinib is FGFR3 mutated bladder cancer. And we are currently recruiting the continuous dosing cohort of the pivotal phase 2 trial. We expect that this cohort will reach full recruitment by the end of this year and we are hopeful that the SNDA for this indication could be submitted in 2020. The first line phase 3 trial in cholangiocarcinoma is now open for recruitment and plans for first line bladder cancer study are also in preparation. We are also opening a registration directed phase 2 study in a tumor agnostic setting, which could further expand the number of patients eligible for the therapy and therefore the potential of the molecule. Moving back to our development efforts in graft versus host disease, and the GRAVITAS program, which is investigating itacitinib in first line treatment. GRAVITAS-301, a phase 3 trial in treatment naive acute graft versus host disease has now completed recruitment. And we expect results to be available before the end of this year. In January, we launched GRAVITAS-309, which will evaluate itacitinib in patients with treatment naive, chronic graft versus host disease. It is important to note that in major markets globally, approximately 15,000 new graft versus host disease patients are diagnosed each year. The unmet need here is clear and we are encouraged by the potential of JAK ambition to treat this often deadly disease. Ill end my update by mentioning two very exciting opportunities in our early stage portfolio, both of which were recently highlighted at AACR. We have discovered a series of novel, orally available PD-L1 inhibitors, and the first molecule 86550 is now in the clinic. Its mechanism of action, which binds, [indiscernible] and internalizes PD-L1 is novel and could result in a differentiated clinical profile versus injectable monoclonal antibodies. We are in the early innings, but we look forward to sharing clinical data for this program next year. Through our collaboration with Merus, MCLA-145, a PD-L1, CD137 bi-specific antibody is ready to enter clinical development and we expect to have the first patient dosed with MCLA-145 this quarter. This is also a very exciting mechanism with the bi-specific direct CD137 agonist activity to the tumor micro-environment by its selectivity for PD-L1. This may limit systemic CD137 agonist activation, while targeting two important immune moderate pathways. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christiana for financial update.
Christiana Stamoulis: Thanks, Steven and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. Before moving to our results for the quarter, I would like to discuss a change in our methodology for non-GAAP reconciliation. After reviewing our non-GAAP reconciliation and at the request of the SEC, beginning with the first quarter of 2019, we will no longer be adjusting our revenues or research and development expense for upfront consideration and milestones that are part of our collaboration agreements with new or existing partners. This new methodology is reflected in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation on slides 25 and 26 in the backup section of the deck, and in the press release that we issued this morning, In addition, Id like to further discuss our decision to end the additional co-funding of baricitinib development with Lilly. As you know, under our agreement with Lilly, we have the right to base their royalty of 11% to 20% on global net sales of Olumiant. We also have the right to receive a 9% incremental royalty if we could fund 30% of the post BOC development costs per baricitinib indication. Based on the cumulative investment made to date, we have already earned a substantial incremental royalty rate, especially in rheumatoid arthritis and have now reached the point, given the acceleration and potential of certain key internal projects, where we believe that the best decision is to add additional co-funding of baricitinib development and reallocate capital over the balance of 2019 and in 2020 to other projects. Through 2018, we were entitled to receive the full 9% incremental royalty in addition to the 11% to 20% base their royalty. With our decision to end our co-funding effective at the end of 2018, we expect the incremental royalty rate for rheumatoid arthritis to come down over time. The timing and the rate of decline in the incremental royalty rate will be based on Lillys additional development costs in this indication, and the pace at which those costs are incurred. The base royalty rate isnt affected by levels of development spend, and as it is a key royalty structure, it is expected to grow over time as global net sales of Olumiant continue to grow.  Moving on to our financial results. For the first quarter, we recorded $458 million of total product related revenues, an increase of 20% over the first quarter of 2018. This is comprised of $376 million in Jakavi and $21 million in Iclusig net product revenues, $46 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis and $16 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. We also recognized $40 million in contract revenues from the upfront payment we received under our collaboration agreement with Innovent, resulting in total revenues for the quarter of $498 million. R&D expense for the quarter was $243 million on a non GAAP basis, driven by the progress across our development programs, as Steven has outlined. And in this quarter versus last year, this expense was partially offset by the impact of our decision to stop co-funding baricitinib development and lower costs related to the applicator set program. The net effect was a 9% decrease in ongoing R&D expense for the quarter compared to the prior year period.  SG&A expense for the quarter was $111 million on a non-GAAP basis, relatively flat in comparison with the prior year. The increase in total revenues and decline in non-GAAP costs and expenses has resulted in operating income for the quarter of $127 million on a non-GAAP basis as compared to an operating loss of $19 million in the prior year period. Moving now to our guidance for 2019, we are re-iterating our revenue guidance for the full year as well as our SG&A guidance. We have received our GAAP -- we have revised our GAAP R&D guidance from a range of $1.185 billion to $1.255 billion to a range of $1.145 billion to $1.195 billion, which largely reflects our decision to discontinue co-funding baricitinib development and the timing of resource reallocation. Please note that this guidance does not include any additional potential future strategic transactions beyond agreements previously announced. I will now turn the call back to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Christiana. Our next slide outlines the key newsflow events we expect during 2019, including news from our partner. With this list of exciting late stage program, we are taking important steps throughout our strategic goals of diversifying and accelerating revenue growth. We look forward to keeping you updated on our program. And for now, we are happy to take your questions. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company.
Marc Frahm: Maybe first just a kind of housekeeping one for Barry. Can you disclose the gross to net in the quarter? Just how it worked out with the new rules around the donut hole and do you still think the full year is going to be about 15%.
Barry Flannelly: Yes, the full year gross to net is going to be about 15%. The gross to net, as you know, is highest in the first quarter, the additional 20%. So going from 50% of the donut hole to 70% of the donut hole amounted to about $5 million we estimate.
Marc Frahm: Okay, thank you. And maybe just turning to the topical ruxolitinib, so for Steven, one, so that there's a new maximum use trial that's on clinical trials like, is there anything else that needs to be done other than reading out that and reading out obviously the phase 3 data in atopic dermatitis for filing? And then maybe initial thoughts on the design for phase 3 trial in Vitiligo, does it need to be as large as atopic dermatitis or can you leverage a lot of the safety data?
Steven Stein: Marc, its Steven. Thanks for your questions. So, for atopic dermatitis for the entirety of the filing package, there will be nothing additional that needs to be done other than obviously completing both phase 3s. And the maximal use study that's done per the guidance for dermatological products. And that, we have high confidence in atopic dermatitis data based on our very strong proof of concept with the cream.  In terms of Vitiligo, obviously, we've just delivered the proof of concept data. Were very, very encouraged by, it'll be presented at a medical meeting soon, obviously been thinking about the Phase 3 designs all along and have relatively well developed concepts, which were now at an end of phase 2 meeting with the FDA, discuss with them and come to decisions on the endpoints and the size. And as we said, our intent is to start those before the end of the year. In terms of what I think you're alluding to, will the safety package be able to be leveraged from atopic dermatitis for Vitiligo? We expect that would be the case, but there will be a discussion point with the regulatory authorities. Having said that, the Vitiligo studies will still have to be appreciable in size, it's a different area from oncology and you require larger studies, but we expect that the safety package from atopic dermatitis will be very helpful for the Vitiligo file.
Marc Frahm: Okay, great. And then maybe a bigger picture for Herv, in the past, with these mid-stage dermatology projects, you mentioned that you'd have a decision to make ultimately about whether it's right for Incyte to market them and build a whole commercial infrastructure in that space, versus ultimately partnering these out. Now that you kind of have randomized data in house, at least in two indications, are you ready to make that decision? Do you have an answer on that?
Herv Hoppenot: So, obviously, you know, our approach was, in terms of commercialization, was driven by cancer portfolio and we decided to commercialize ourselves in North America, Europe and Japan. That was like two years ago, three years ago, four years ago, we have built that infrastructure now. So we have a new question here is, does this apply to dermatology? And the answer is, it's very different in terms of size of the opportunities by -- for each of the regions, so we are looking at it on a regional basis. And from that first review, what we see is that there is a lot of attractiveness to doing it ourselves in the US.  There is certainly less of that for Japan, where it's a complicated and different market from what we see in cancer. And we are basically reviewing also for Europe, what would be the best approach and it could be either to commercialize alone fully or to find a co-commercialization partner and book the revenue or to out license completely and book milestones and royalties.  And frankly, we are looking at each of the three opportunities, and what will make the most sense from the Incyte standpoint financially and in terms of investment and risk. So it's quality upon, we have time because of phase 3 results from atopic dermatitis are anticipated at the beginning of  in 2020. So we are planning to use the next six months to have an in depth analysis of what makes sense with our board. And we will probably be already by the time we get the phase 3 data. And after the phase 3, there will be another year before the commercialization is starting. So we are basically on a good track to be able to make the decision based on valuation or financial analysis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim.
Michael Schmidt: I had a couple on pemigatinib, specifically regarding bladder cancer, can you just help us frame the opportunity here in context of some news recently around, approval of erdafitinib from J&J and DCL Genetics, top line data as well. How do you think about the opportunity here and help us understand if there will be any updates from your phase 2 study in bladder cancer this year? And then the other question was regarding Jakafi, I guess what was the gross to net in the first quarter, how should we think about that in the second half of the year. 
Steven Stein: Its Steven and Barry will answer your gross to net question. So, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is the second indication were pursuing, obviously, a very important indication and quantitatively bigger than FGFR4 translocated cholangiocarcinoma, this is the FGFR3 mutated or fusion patients with bladder cancer and the opportunity is large in the 15,000 to 20,000 patient range. We view the J&J erdafitinib approval very positively. It's -- it gives us proof of concept that the pathway is important that hitting the striving mutation is effective, we're always ahead, although we have caught up substantially, we do in our continuous dosing.  Now, we expect to complete that continuous dosing cohort around the third quarter of this year, but youre only likely to see data from us next year in 2020 and in addition, that's where we'll be filing as well, should the data be supportive of filing. The Seattle conjugated monoclonal is a different target, probably, in some respects, mutually exclusive and, potentially important drug in bladder cancer as well. So it doesn't affect anything in terms of our program at all.  And then obviously, we have the ongoing MPN 8P11 FGFR1 driven study that's actually accruing very well after ASH update. And then very importantly, the tumor agnostic program, which substantially expands the potential population in areas like endometrial cancer, glioblastoma, et cetera. This could be upwards of another 15,000 patients, if we deliver efficacy in all these populations. So, as you outlined, extremely important program to us, that's going very well, we view that approval, that's important proof of concept for the pathway. We think the safety may ultimately be something that's important. We note the J&J label, and we'll see what our data shows in terms of safety down the pipe. Ill turn it over to Barry for your gross to net question.
Barry Flannelly: Yeah. Michael, so the gross to net, we estimate for the first quarter, full first quarter at 17%. I was going to imagine, it's much higher in January and then settles down in February and March. And generally speaking, gets a little bit better each subsequent quarter after that, and as I said before, for the full year, we estimate the gross to net to be 15%.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC.
Brian Abrahams: What's the right way to think about the cost savings from the bari restructuring? I guess for this year and beyond, once we net out the effect of some of those accounting changes, for provoking milestones and how are you guys thinking specifically about allocating that funding? Will that be for new projects, new indications for some of the late stage programs, moving other early stage pipeline programs forward into the late stage, whats the right way to think about that?
Christiana Stamoulis: Hi, Brian. This is Christiana. So in terms of baricitinib, first of all, the revised guidance that we provided implies a 40% to 60%, sorry $40 million to $60 million reduction in R&D spend in 2019. That, as we indicated, includes the decision to opt out from baricitinib development and the partial reallocation in 2019 on some of the funds that we had earmarked for baricitinib to other internal programs. Also as we indicated, the decision to opt out was really driven by the opportunity that we see in some late stage programs and the desire to accelerate or augment the development of those programs like rux cream. So in 2019 through the rest of 2019 and in 2020, we would be looking to reallocate the capital that otherwise would have been allocated to baricitinib to those late stage programs.
Brian Abrahams: Got it. And then one more question for me, what's the right way to be thinking about the bar for clinical meaningfulness in the Vitiligo setting and the potential readthroughs between Vitiligo and atopic dermatitis pathophysiologically, do you view this as sort of an additional endorsement of the potential for rux cream in atopic derm beyond the phase 2 you've already reported in AD or should we think about this as very -- as completely separate from a scientific standpoint.
Steven Stein: Its Steven. Thanks for your question. In terms of the, what is clinically meaningful in Vitiligo, obviously, there's no approved therapies and there's actually being a dearth of clinical work to date. This is the biggest study done, ever in Vitiligo. The primary endpoint in this proof of concept study was the percentage of patients treated with ruxolitinib cream to achieve a 50% or greater improvement in the facial assessment of the Vitiligo area and severity index scored, called score compared to vehicle and that measures the activity of the compound.  In addition as we've said and as the field keeps telling us, this is a disease with a large psychosocial burden on patients and we'll be measuring that through appropriate patient reported outcomes during the study because we would have to document clinical benefit in that respect. The big caveat, as we need to discuss with the agency what the primary endpoint will be for the Phase 3 studies, will it be a vacy [ph], will it be a face vacy, will it be a total body vacy and to what degree will they accept as the primary endpoint in addition to measuring patient reported outcomes.  It's 150 patient study, you'll see the data at a major meeting in the middle of this year. And obviously, we're very encouraged by are we going to face 3. The read through for me is, in terms of inhibiting interferon gamma signaling in Vitiligo, stopping this [indiscernible] and then getting the re-pigmentation in important areas to patients like the face and hand and hands which are visible externally. And its a similar mechanism to AD, but I don't -- they are just separate indications that we pursue separately. There are potentially other diseases over the years, we've looked at like psoriasis, which have some overlap in terms of pathophysiology, but the current program in terms of registration direction is towards atopic dermatitis and Vitiligo.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Carter Gould from UBS.
Carter Gould: Just wanted to, I guess, dig in a little bit more into the decision to stop the co-funding. You gave some rationale for that, but I guess you've been pretty persistent on this front that you would keep up that effort, I know you get -- conducted multiple internal analyses, so I guess sort of what changed and if there was any sort of shift either in kind of how you guys were viewing, maybe the systemic market for AD or specifically you mentioned some of the other assets in your pipeline, anything specifically you would call out.
Herv Hoppenot: Maybe I can start and Christiana can complement it. I think it's important to realize that this decision is not about the way we see the future of baricitinib, it's about 2 other things. One is, the way the additional royalty rate is calculated is based on the cumulative investments that we have already made in baricitinib, so you can imagine that the return on the marginal investment that we make is always lower than the return on the previous investments, so there is a point that we believe we have reached where in fact we see that there is a better return on that investment in our internal project as we have seen a number of them that requires or give us the opportunity to accelerate and expand like we discussed about itacitinib, pemigatinib and ruxolitinib cream.  So we came to that conclusion that in term of marginal investment that we make in R&D, it would be a better allocation to do it to our internal programs that have been progressing very well and are very promising, so that's really how we came to that conclusion. As you know, we have told you regularly that we are reviewing over the time every quarter, we are reviewing the way R&D resources are allocated and that's the, basically the time came where it made sense for us to reallocate these resources to internal programs.
Carter Gould: And if I could just ask a follow up, appreciate all the color Herv, just in terms of, I guess, there has been sort of increased talk around you guys potentially be an acquirer in the marketplace and just in terms of your capacity for M&A based on your current cash position and future cash flows kind of how you're viewing that.
Herv Hoppenot: I mean what we are looking at is really the two strategic goals to our growth and diversification. So growing our revenue, which is obviously translating into the P&L and going through the bottom line in some way, but growth is important and diversification is important. So that's why there is always this possibility for us to do some business development that will add to our top line over the next the next year. It's clear that we have, I think at the end of the quarter, the cash position is 1.6 billion. The P&L structure that you can see this quarter, its very strong in term of cash flow and that gives us more ammunition for potential business development opportunities. At the same time, our internal portfolio is also very strong and progressing very well, so we are basically looking at both as potential ways to get to our strategic objectives.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: For Vitiligo, in terms of the commercial opportunity, are the 2 million to 3 million patients in the US all targets and where should we expect that data set in 2Q?
Steven Stein: Its Steven Stein. So the incidence is around 1%, so 1% to 2%, if you have a 300 million population, that's how many total patients there are and it's just -- that's just the potential opportunity. The amount to seek treatment currently is much, much smaller, it's around 150,000 patients we can best estimate who actually currently seek treatment. That could be for multiple reasons as you well know in terms of a lack of available therapy, the fact that therapies that are available are somewhat cumbersome hard to give and require high compliance in terms of steroids and phototherapy and also for patients who just don't feel they need treatment.  So, the population that is ultimately targeted will be for the ones that feel they have to treat areas that are causing the visual disfigurement plus the psychosocial implications of the disease. Obviously, we will have to demonstrate the efficacy benefit in the areas that are concerning, particularly as I said earlier, the ones that are visible externally like face and hands and we are not that population that ultimately will need, treatment from us could be in the range of 150,000 or so. It's hard to estimate currently.
Salveen Richter: Thanks. And just a housekeeping follow up, where did Jakafi inventory levels stand, exiting the quarter.
Barry Flannelly: So, this is Barry. Actually, their normal levels are below three weeks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Alethia Young: Two for me actually. One, I know the PI3 kinase program doesn't get a lot of love. But, I think there are some PI3 kinase just coming back on the scene, including yours with data. So I just wanted you to talk a little about how youre seeing your current molecule may be differentiated from others. And then my second question, and maybe it's asking the question another way, obviously, you guys have a core JAK capability. And I'm just kind of wondering how long it would take for you guys to kind of generate a return on invested capital, if you were to invest in dermatology? It seems like there's a lot you could do internally in the pipeline that you have, and obviously you have the top of the programs with your ongoing thing.
Steven Stein: So, its Steven, I'll do your first question. So, the reason I think we [indiscernible] this is the year of enrolling the studies that are registration directed in follicular lymphoma, mantle cell lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma and the Rolodex is really going well this year, it'll complete and then we'll have data next year. And hopefully be again of submission quality in those indications. This is a second generation PI3 kinase inhibitor. The chemical changes that were done to this generation of compounds seem to have dialed out the liver toxicity for the most part.  So you don't see the transaminitis that you used to see for the first generation compounds like listed from Gilead initially. But what is the concern with this degree of PI3-kinase inhibition, over the long term, our safety concerns like colitis, so we made a very conscious decision in a little over a year ago, to try and thread that therapeutic benefit more cleverly, we know the compound is highly active, it's incredibly active in B cell disease, as we've shown that data repeatedly.  But to get that activity at the same time, to make it more tolerable is to look at different ways of doing dosing and scheduling. So, we do the high dose up front, 20 milligrams weekly for the eight weeks to get to the efficacy bar we want. And then we look to different ways of either weekly or daily dosing at lower doses. And it looks like early days that we've been able to dial out with many caveats because the small numbers, a lot of the longer term toxicity that colitis, so that's a pretty exciting place to be from a therapeutic benefit point of view.  And now were executing those studies to a substantial numbers of patients in marginal mantle and follicular to see if it's true, what we say. So have the high activity and much more tolerable profile. And then filing those indications, all of those indications remain to date as not curable diseases. So despite there being BTK inhibitors, B cell 2 inhibitors, CART therapies, there's still a lot of unmet need in these entities. And that's why were very encouraged by this program.
Herv Hoppenot: I speak about the ROI in dermatology. As I said, I mean, it's an open seat for us. So we are looking at it and making decisions based on what seems to be aligned with our goals of diversification and growth. And that's important to look that this dermatology has fairly high potential indications for Incyte. When you look at the number of patients on both at the big derm and Vitiligo, if you look at the therapeutic profile that we get from a topical administration, where the risk benefit and the side effects that you can observe, have a very different rate than what you have with systemic treatment. We believe there is a real opportunity that could be very meaningful for Incyte in both indications.  That being said, as we discussed, we are looking at the commercial cost of having infrastructure for dermatology. It looks like specialty dermatology products in the US do not require an enormous size the type of team, so that one seems to be leaning in the direction where we would be doing it ourselves. And as I said, in Japan and Europe and the rest of the world, it's a plan and we will see what makes the most sense and ROI is certainly a very important criteria and the speed at which we can show cash flow positivity coming from the dermatology franchise, if you look at it that way, is very important. At the same time, being able to book the revenue and to diversify the top line is also very important. So that's the two criteria we will be looking at to make that decision.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JP Morgan Chase.
Cory Kasimov: I have just a couple of earlier stage clinical ones for you. So, first of all, the phase 2 tumor agnostic study for pemigatinib, is three an agreement with regulators or any sort of minimum number of different tumor types you need to enroll in that program.
Steven Stein: Its Steven. So the precedent for it comes from both what other companies have done before in the setting. Plus, in an FDA opinion piece that was written recently around, this is a reasonable approach when you already have a drug that's approved in at least one or two indications that the pathway is validated in this case, if you're far inhibition, and you can look at areas like MSI high for the checkpoint inhibitors as sort of a proof of principle, if you will, for doing a study this way. So we don't have and we won't be obtaining strict regulatory approval for the exact numbers required each time. But what you want to see is in a particular disease, like say, endometrial or glioblastoma, something where, you have the selection for the particular FGFR mutation of fusion, a very high degree of activity that's robust and durable. In the setting, we already have approvals elsewhere in a validated pathway. And that's the idea behind it. And as I said, there's regulatory precedent already.
Cory Kasimov: And then for the second question, curious about your clinical plans for MCLA 145. Can you talk about the overall strategy there with the initial trials and how enriched those phase 1 studies will be?
Steven Stein: I think it's best to say were working in collaboration with Merus here, it's early days. As I said in my prepared remarks, it's a very interesting bispecific paradigm here. There's been precedent before with mono use of CD137 and unfortunately, quite a lot of toxicity in terms of liver toxicity and transaminitis. So the idea here is to direct it with a bispecific via the PD-L1 enrichment straight to the area where its needed and try and subvert that toxicity and we'll see. Right.  The second thing is, should these both mechanisms work together, as we expect from theoretic and our preclinical data, we think there will be potential plans for areas where sort of checkpoint refractory patients exists in that, but that's something we'll have to prove to you. I think it's too early just to talk about, because were only about to start dosing in a way that will have a lot of activity data early on, we're not enriching early on for any particular to answer your question directly, receptor or biomarkers, its more standard phase 1 first time in man, just to get to a safe -- the safety principle first.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Christopher Marai from Nomura Instinet.
Christopher Marai: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. I'm just wondering if you could elaborate perhaps on the opportunity for topical rux in atopic derm. Would you be looking at expanding a label, perhaps to the pediatric setting? And then secondarily, with respect to the clean formulation, I Recall previously, there was a rather breezy formulation that you've been using. And this may have been a problem until ago, I was wondering, have you -- remind me, have you updated or modified that formulation to make it a little bit more patient friendly? And then secondarily, how does this cream differ from the ointment formulation used for Eucrisa? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Christopher, its Steven. So it's good to bring up the pediatric part of the population here. So, the studies that were doing currently and we have permission to do from the regulators are in 12 years and above, in mild to moderate atopic dermatitis, which covers the majority of the population. In terms of the population below 12, so 2 to 12 years of age, that's something were still working on the regulators with things like safety margins, et cetera. And its something we will be interested in down the pipe, but the program at the moment is 12 years and above and that covers the vast majority of patients who are interested in treating with mild to moderate atopic dermatitis.  In terms of the formulation question, we have not changed it. It's a cream. It's in terms of the data we have and we've used it extensively, if you just heard in atopic derm already in Vitiligo, it's been very well received. There's no greasiness, no burning, no stinging. When you allude to you, Chris, one of the things we've been told and we've seen from real world data is that seems to be the problem with that particular agent and that it induces both burning and stinging, and then maybe why its not used as wide as people wanted to be used. But we haven't had that at all a problem with our formulation to date, and we don't expect it to be, given that we've already treated hundreds of patients.
Christopher Marai: Okay, thank you. And then with respect to perhaps the moderate to severe setting for atopic derm, have you started or do you have any plans to explore the topical formulation there, given, of course, also the potential for the safety concerns or perhaps better efficacy there?
Steven Stein: Yes. So our program is mild to moderate. The moderate to severe is particularly more on the severe range have been reserved for oral therapies. And as you know, baricitinib has a program there and others and then other targets that maybe have a different safety margin and are more acceptable for severe, that's not a population we targeted. There is some overlap in terms of the moderates. And we are expecting the clinical data will dictate how physicians and patients then use the therapies there in terms of degree of disease they have and what theyre trying to achieve in terms of the clinical results. One very important endpoint we saw, which was a good surprise was relief of itch with our product was dramatic and occurred very, very quickly within two days. And that's something that really is important to patients. And so we think, if that's a particular goal of physicians and patients, and we document that in our clinical trials, that will be an important endpoint. But for the most part, we don't think there's overlap. And again, we target in mild to moderates only with the cream.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Geoff Meacham from Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jason on for Geoff. Just real quickly on Jakafi, if you could give us a sense of your expectations for the mix of price and volume moving forward, especially considering the gross to net hit in first quarter. And then I have a quick follow up.
Barry Flannelly: Its Barry. We continue to grow volume mostly. And as you can see from this quarter, in fact, or this year, Q1 2019 over Q1 2018, most of our growth, in terms of net sales, was for volume, and we see that continuing in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: And in terms of duration of therapy, and in terms of moving up earlier up line, is that factoring in as well? Or do you expect to see that more kind of as a longer term influence.
Barry Flannelly: We always tried to improve duration of therapy, we want patients to stay on as long as they continue to benefit from Jakafi. And that's true in both PD and MS. When we talk about duration of therapy, we really go back to the clinical trials and we look at the trials for example, where at least 50% of the patients were still on it three years. And at the five year follow-up of the response, you had 66% of patients still on therapy at five years. So, the duration of therapy, we always want to try to improve on and work together with our healthcare professionals. So they suggest those down based on increased efficacy or decreased toxicity. And, again, we want them to stay on therapy as long as they continue to benefit from it.
Unidentified Analyst: And then with regards to REACH 1, now that we're in the homestretch here and can  to the extent that you can, can you provide some color on how those discussions with FDA are moving and kind of what are your expectations for read through to REACH2 and REACH3 when we get to that point?
Steven Stein: Jason, it's Steven. So you're right, the PDUFA data, as Barry said, is May 24. Were still extremely confident in our data and we look forward to the PDUFA date, we don't give granular details on back and forth discussions with the FDA. But we are in a place where we're confident in our data and look forward to the PDUFA date. Of course, because of what I just said, we expect the read through to reach 2, which is the same population, steroid refractory acute graft versus host disease to be similarly positive. It's a randomized study against best available therapy. And then in terms of chronic graft versus host disease, REACH3 against randomized against BAT, we have strong proof of concept in that area. And we will have data by the end of this year in both REACH2 and REACH3 and similarly confident in it and wait for the data.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Jaffray.
Tyler Van Buren: Thanks for the updates and the reallocation of baricitinib funding makes a ton of sense. I guess the, my question is related to the long term Jakafi guidance that you guys provided in February of last year of 2.5 billion to 3 billion by 2027. Are you guys -- can you reiterate your confidence in that, based upon what you're seeing in MF and PV and the development, GVHD programs, and also with respect to ET, how should we think about that program that's ongoing and when that indication could come to market?
Barry Flannelly: So yes, we're fully confident in 2.5 billion to 3 billion and that as we've said before, includes MF, PV and GVHD indications, we really didn't estimate for ET, we're fully confident we have almost 10 years actually left on the patent and you can see the growth year-over-year and the contribution that we give to the top line, I think we can make it there. I don't know if Steven wants to comment on ET.
Steven Stein: Obviously, that's the remaining [indiscernible] thats not BCR able driven. And because of the pathophysiology, again, every expectation that JAK inhibition should work there and we know we have some spontaneous use there. The issue with the study there is, it's very difficult to enroll. Dominant first line use is hydroxyurea and the study required as you can see on clinicaltrials.gov, for patients, to have high white blood cell counts at initiation of the study and then to be randomized to the approved therapy for central thrombocytopenia, which is a negative light. So both the high white count and the negative non randomization is to continue to make this study difficult to accrue and we will continue to examine ways to try and improve that recruitment. It may end up being an entity that we end up doing a publication on -- before completing the entire recruitment, but an important disease for JAK inhibition and obviously one we're trying to address with a formal study.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Alec on for Ying. Thanks for taking our questions. I guess I just have one on the differences between the various REACH studies. You alluded to this the FDA for Jakafi and steroid refractory, acute GVHD was based on the single arm REACH1 study? And do you see any risks in REACH2 and 3, comparing Jakafi, the best available therapy in terms of superiority, since some patients do actually respond to be at the and where the study is towered with this in mind?
Steven Stein: Its Steven again. Obviously, whenever you conduct a study, there's risk attached in that, you may have a negative outcome. And as you allude to the fact that best available therapies, and there's a different list for REACH2 and REACH3, or active therapies and can have upwards of 30%, 40% response rate, they tend though not to be durable. And so we have confident in the data we've seen to date in our proof of concept work, that we can differentiate both in terms of the upfront activity, and then the durability of response, but the outcome will be on how the studies report out. And obviously, there's always some risk with randomized studies.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer and Company.
Jay Olson: I was curious if there was any update on Jakafi lifecycle management. I know in the past, you've talked about extended release formulations and potential fix to those combinations. So, any update there will be great. Thank you.
Steven Stein: Hi. It's Steven again. Yeah. As Barry said, despite there being 10 approximate years of patent life left, it's an extremely important compound to us with a very large team working on active lifecycle management. Currently, there are three pillars to that. The formulation side, as you alluded to, and we've already published data with one stint of ruxolitinib, XR, and we busy developing other stints to go forward in that arena, that may be along a BA, bio-available bio-equivalents route plus minus a safety play, because it may have a different profile in terms of an anemia induction. So you'll have to just wait on those, but it's very active and it's underway as we speak, in terms of the XR formulation.  In terms of combinations, both us, Novartis and external world are investigating multiple combinations in the second line setting and beyond which this theoretic and sometimes very strong preclinical evidence and some clinical evidence. The combinations that we are investigating are Rux plus PI3 kinase delta, we presented the first set of that data at ASH last year. And were doing that experiment further this year with continuous dosing rather than the weekly dosing and we were encouraged by the activity we saw in patients that had been on rux for a long time hadn't withdrawn from it, and then had clinic responses as well as symptom improvement, that there was some withdrawal of that when we went to weekly dosing.  So we want to do that, it continuous experiment this year. The two other combinations we do in our rux plus perm, which is a very strong preclinical rationale and then ruxolitinib plus our JAK1 inhibitor, itacitinib in patients who can't tolerate sufficient doses of rux or can't tolerate it at all and then are switched to itacitinib. So those are all ongoing. Novartis have combinations that are ongoing in an external world as well. But so combination is very important, and it's both an efficacy play and a safety play.  And then the third arm of that is more and Dash can speak to this is around the research arena and targets. So we have a very important collaboration in terms of looking for further targets here. And then internally, ourselves. Obviously, it's an area we know extremely well and are there better ways of potentially tackling the drivers of these conditions. I dont know if Dash wants to add anything here?
Dash Dhanak: So, absolutely right. There are a number of approaches one can think about going further than what we regard in terms of, as Steven was talking about the first two aspects of the pillars. And we have a number of discovery programs ongoing, both internally and in collaboration with academic institutions as well as biotechs nationally and internationally around probing really the fundamental underlying mechanisms, in addition to JAK inhibition that won't go after.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Peter Lawson from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Peter Lawson: Just on the oral PD1, the next readout is at next year. What can we see and where would you position that drug indications?
Steven Stein: Its Steven. We filed our IND in October, we went into patients in December last year, it's going really well. There's a lot of interest and excitement in the compound being that it's oral with it potentially very interested in mechanism of action and internalization of the receptor, and will that translate to a clinical differentiator, but this year, the execution of the phase 1, getting to a recommended phase 2 dose, and it's going well, in that regard. Looking at benchmark areas of like lung cancer and melanoma to see what kind of activity there to see if this is efficacy differentiator, and we -- that'll take the most better part of this year, and we would love to show you some clinical data next year. As soon as we have a safe dosing schedule, we will also be pursuing combinations that are relevant in terms of having an oral PD-L1 inhibitor, but you will not see data till 2020.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Reni Benjamin from Raymond James.
Reni Benjamin: I guess just regarding GVHD, the way I kind of look at it is itacitinib coming on board after rux, which will likely be off label quite a bit. Do you guys envision a launch where rux is kind of laying the groundwork in GVHD and when itacitinib comes on board, it just takes over, both at the steroid refractory and steroid naive or can you keep the two indications quite separate to each individual drug? How are you thinking about the commercialization?
Barry Flannelly: Well, we think we have an advantage because we're able to launch, we will be able to launch ruxolitinib Jakafi in GVHD. So we're understanding that market very well right now. So, we've gotten to know the BMT treaters, we've gotten to understand exactly what drugs they're currently using. But then itacitinib, when it gets approved, it really does, in fact, should have a better profile, at least in terms of cytopenias. So we really think that we could continue to develop rux or people will use rux in that setting, but ultimately, itacitinib should be the drug of choice in steroid refractory and acute GVHD.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot: Okay, thank you all for your time today and for your questions. We look forward to seeing you at the upcoming investor and medical conferences, but for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead, Mike.
Mike Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today by Herv, Barry and Steven, as well as by Paul Trower, our Principal Accounting Officer, who will deliver the financial section of our prepared remarks. I am also very pleased to welcome two new members of the leadership to the call today, namely Dash Dhanak, our new Chief Scientific Officer, who joined us in December; and Christiana Stamoulis, our new CFO, who joined us earlier this week. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2019 guidance, the commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, and from time to time, in our other SEC documents.  We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So 2018 was another excellent year at Incyte as we delivered 25% growth in product-related revenues over last year. All four sources of revenues have shown good growth with 22% from Jakafi, 19% from Iclusig, 28% growth in Jakavi royalties, and Olumiant now becoming a material contributor to the top line. Looking into next year, I see this revenue trajectory continuing given the guidance we have provided to, therefore, Jakafi to reach 1.58 billion to 1.65 billion, and Iclusig to reach 90 million to 100 million. Adding consensus estimates for our royalty income from Jakavi and Olumiant generates an expected growth rate for product-related revenue for 2019 of approximately 20%. Slide 6 takes us beyond just revenue expectation for 2019 and outlines the most important pivotal news flow items we expect for the year. Please note that this items only include FDA decisions, FDA submissions and pivotal trial results. And the more complete summary of 2019 news flow will follow in the later slide. We continue to work with the FDA regarding the priory review of the ruxolitinib SNDA for the treatment of patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD. We recently announced a three-month extension to the review on the revised PDUFA date is May 24. We expect to submit the NDA for pemigatinib for the treatment of patients with FGFR2-translocated cholangiocarcinoma in the second half of this year. And in the second half of 2019, we also expect Novartis to submit the NDA seeking approval of capmatinib for patient with MET mutated non-small cell lung cancer. The first Phase 3 results from the itacitinib development program in GVHD are expected later this year, and if the GRAVITAS-301 trial is successful, itacitinib has the potential to be a global commercial opportunity for Incyte. We also expect pivotal results from two trials for ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute and steroid-refractory chronic GVHD later this year. We are working in collaboration with Novartis in the development of ruxolitinib in GVHD. Last week, we announced the initial Phase 3 result of the broad Phase 3 development program of baricitinib in patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis, and we look forward to additional results from that program later this year. 2019, therefore, has a potential to be a very exciting year for Incyte. And to share more details on Jakafi's performance and outlook, I'll turn the call over to Barry.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv. Good morning, everyone. Jakafi continues its strong growth. We have seen good revenue growth in Q4, which was due to new patient growth in both the third and the fourth quarters. This gives us excellent momentum as we head into 2019. Slide 9 further emphasizes the consistency of Jakafi's performance on an annualized basis. In the fourth quarter, as shown on the left, Jakafi grew 26% over the same period last year. And for the full year 2018, Jakafi grew 22% over the full year of 2017, as shown on the right. There are no appreciable change -- there was no appreciable changes in the level of inventory at the end of the year compared to the beginning. Today, we have provided initial Jakafi net product revenue guidance for 2019 as a range of 1.58 billion to $1.65 billion. This range includes both approved indications for patients with myelofibrosis and with polycythemia vera, as well as potential third indication of steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease. Should the FDA approve Jakafi in this third indication, we will be ready for an immediate launch and would expect good reimbursement coverage given our prior discussions with payers. I'll finish my segment by reiterating our long-term revenue guidance for Jakafi of 2.5 billion to $3 billion. As you can see from the graphical illustration on Slide 10, we are now halfway to our long-term target, and we look forward to reporting future progress over the coming quarters. Now it's over to Steven for a clinical update.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Incyte is currently running six key late-stage development projects, as summarized on Slide 12. These six projects include potential in 16 different indications and the estimated numbers of eligible patients for each project are also included in the slide. Each individual project has substantial potential on a stand-alone basis. And collectively they represent a set of late-stage project that has the potential to transform Incyte into a company with multiple-approved products in the United States, Europe and Japan over the next several years. We'll focus attention today on four of them because these are the projects that we expect to generate important updates during this year. We are conducting two comprehensive programs assisting the safety and efficacy of JAK inhibition as a treatment for patients with graft-versus-host disease. The REACH program is investigating ruxolitinib and steroid-refractory disease. And the data shown in the left-hand panel of the pivotal REACH1 data and steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease. These are the data that are currently being reviewed by the FDA. Reach 2 also in acute and Reach 3 in chronic graft-versus-host disease are being run in collaboration with Novartis and are due to report results later this year. In the first-line or steroid-naive setting, the Gravitas program is investigating itacitinib in graft-versus-host disease. The data in the right hand panel are from ASH, a couple of years ago, and which let us to initiate this piece of the graft-versus-host disease development program. The Gravitas-301 trial is assessing the safety and efficacy of itacitinib in steroid-naive graft-versus-host disease and is due to report results later this year. We are excited by the potential of JAK inhibition to treat this often deadly disease, and it's important to note that the opportunity includes approximately 15,000 new graft-versus-host disease patients that are diagnosed each year globally. We also expect important news flow from pemigatinib this year, which we announced this morning was recently granted breakthrough designation by the FDA. The second-line cholangiocarcinoma trial is fully recruited, and we are now waiting for the data to mature before we run the updated analysis. Recall that in the initial data set we showed at ESMO last year, it took up to approximately six months for the maximum response rate to be seen. So we currently estimate that the NDA should be ready for submission to the FDA in the second half of 2019. The continuous dosing cohort within the FGFR3 bladder study is also recruiting, and we expect the bladder SNDA for pemigatinib to be submitted next year. We are also planning a pivotal study in the tumor-agnostic setting, which should start later this year, and could further expand the number of patients eligible for the therapy, and therefore, the potential of the molecule. I'll end my brief update with a slide on the ruxolitinib cream development program in atopic dermatitis and Vitiligo. The randomized Phase 2 data in atopic dermatitis as shown in the left-hand panel was very well received at EADV last year, and we have rapidly progressed into a Phase 3 program. That program is already recruiting across two randomized vehicle-controlled trials, and we expect to be able to report data next year. We expect data from the ongoing randomized trial in patients Vitiligo in the first half of this year. And if the Phase 2 data warranted, we expect to move swiftly into a Phase 3 trial of ruxolitinib cream in the second indication. Vitiligo is a disease with significant psychosocial morbidity and is a condition where they are currently no approved treatments. Both atopic dermatitis and Vitiligo, therefore, represent important and near-term opportunities while growing inflammation and autoimmunity research and development group. I'll now welcome Paul to the call to review the financials.
Paul Trower: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to Slides 26 and 27 in the backup section of the deck and to the press release we issued this morning. For the fourth quarter, we recorded 468 million of total product-related revenues, an increase of 25% over the fourth quarter of 2017. This is comprised of 380 million in Jakafi and 19 million in Iclusig net product revenues, 55 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis, and 14 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. Our Jakafi gross to net adjustment was 13.4% for the quarter and 14% for the year. Our total cost and expense for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis of 391 million increased 4% from the prior-year quarter. R&D expense for the quarter was 274 million on a non-GAAP basis, which did not grow over the prior-year period and our SG&A expense for the quarter was 97 million on a non-GAAP basis. With total product-related revenues increasing 25% and total non-GAAP costs and expenses increasing only 4%, this has driven an operating income for the quarter of 77 million on a non-GAAP basis as, compared to an operating loss of 4 million in the prior-year period. Looking at our full-year results, our total product-related revenues were 1.7 billion, an increase of 25% over the prior year. Our total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were 1.5 billion, an increase of 21% over the prior-year period, including non-GAAP R&D expense of 1.045 billion, and non-GAAP SG&A expense of 387 million. Our operating income for 2018 was 198 million on a non-GAAP basis as compared to 115 million in 2017. And we ended 2018 with 1.4 billion in cash and marketable securities. Moving on to 2019, I will now discuss the key components of our 2019 guidance on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Please note that the guidance we provide today does not include any potential future strategic transactions beyond agreements previously announced. For the full-year 2019, on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, we expect net product revenues from Jakafi to be in the range of 1.58 to 1.65 billion. For Iclusig, we expect net product revenue to be in the range of 90 million to 100 million. As in the previous years, we will not be providing guidance for milestone and royalty revenues. We expect our growth to net adjustment for 2019 to be approximately 15% for Jakafi. We expect total GAAP cost of product revenues to be in the range of 112 million to 117 million and non-GAAP cost of product revenues to be in the range of 90 million to 95 million. Our non-GAAP cost of product revenues excludes 22 million of amortization of acquired product rights related to Iclusig. We expect GAAP R&D expense to be in the range of 1.185 billion to 1.255 billion and non-GAAP R&D expense to range from 1.03 billion to 1.1 billion. Our non-GAAP R&D expense guidance excludes estimated stock-based compensation expense, as well as estimated milestone expenses. We expect GAAP SG&A expense to be in the range of 471 million to 521 million and non-GAAP SG&A expense to range from 420 million to 470 million. Our non-GAAP SG&A expense guidance excludes estimated stock-based compensation. We expect the change in fair market value of the contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability to be approximately 30 million on a GAAP basis and zero on a non-GAAP basis. In summary, taking our guidance for product revenue and expenses and taking account of current consensus estimates for Jakafi and Olumiant royalties, we expect this should generate non-GAAP operating income for 2019 in the range of 350 million to 450 million. I will now turn the call back to Herv for further discussion of the year ahead.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Paul. In our prepared remarks today, you have heard not only about the richness of our latest portfolio with many opportunities to further accelerate revenue growth, but we've also shown how top-line revenue momentum is beginning to translate into improved ratios within our P&L. So jump on Slide 22. Take the guidance that Paul just outlined, consensus estimates for 2019 royalties and it illustrates how our P&L is evolving as revenue growth is substantially exceeding expense growth. Our last slide outlines the key news flow events we expect over the course of 2019. We're already off to a good start with earlier-than-anticipated initiation of the Phase 3 trial ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis, as well as the initiation of the first-line chronic GVHD study for itacitinib. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Thanks very much for taking my questions and congrats in the quarter on all the progress. Two questions for me. First off, can you talk a little bit about your expectations for volume growth versus price contribution to your 2019 Jakafi sales guidance? And also wondering if you could give us some sense of how much GVHD is baked in there. And then I have a follow-up.
Barry Flannelly: Well, as you know, from our guidance, we're expecting a 14% to a 19% net sales growth 2019 over 2018. As you know, we took a 4% price increase at the very end of 2018. We don't get all of that price, but you can see that most of that 14% to 18% is volume. Your other question was about GVHD. GVHD, we have some spontaneous use. It's a small percentage of the total use of Jakafi currently. We're anticipating once we get approval that that could double, but that's somewhere in the range, including the current spontaneous use of maybe around $80 million.
Brian Abrahams: That's really helpful. And then, you didn't speak that much on updates on the life cycle strategies. So I'm wondering if you might be able to give us a status update there. Any specifics about data timing here for the PIM JAK1 combos the SR formulation? And should we be thinking about these more along the lines of MF, solely MF extension strategies or other sort of concurrent PV life cycle retention strategies plan as well?
Steven Stein: So, obviously, the patent life of RUX /16 in the U.S. through, at least, 2027, 2028. So it's been very active life cycle development phase. There are sort of three pillars to it currently. One is around new formulation work, and we showed at JP Morgan, work we have done in the past with an SR formulation that we have published in around 2011 that is very interesting in terms of what it does to the PK curve, and there's less peak-to-trough ratio with the SR formulation and there's ability potentially to ameliorate some of the side effects, namely the anemia. So that work will ramp up and progress and will be full steam ahead to take further SR doses forward and do the required bioavailability and bioequivalence work to do that. The second pillar, as you mentioned, is around a combination that either enhance efficacy or improve safety or both. The one that is most advanced at the moment is the RUX plus PI3-kinase delta combination. We showed updated data on that last year in December at the American Society of Hematology. We're very encouraged by that data set. Despite patients being on at least six months of ruxolitinib, at least two months of stable dose and not coming off and then having progressive disease with the addition of the combination upwards of 60% of patients at 24 weeks and some spleen volume reduction, upwards of a third of those patients had improvement in symptoms, despite that context, which is very different from other competitors. What was very interesting with that data set is when we withdrew from daily dosing to weekly dosing, there was some rebound in the spleen response. So the second phase of that study is going this year, which is looking at continuous dosing to arms, either a 20-milligram induction for eight weeks and then five-milligram continuous or five-milligram continuous all the way through. Should that pan out that is our lead combination, very encouraging data. The other two you mentioned that we are running are the PIM combination and the JAK1 combinations, they recruit this year. Hopefully, over this year, they'll recruit substantial patients, and we will aim to present data on those two combinations for which the biology is really good, probably in 2020. The JAK1 combination there has two arms to it. There's an additive arm to RUX for patients who can't tolerate sufficient doses, and then there's a switch strategy for people who can't tolerate RUX at all. And then the third pillar of the life cycle is new targets. And there are a number of academic collaborations, which have been publicly announced, at place like Vanderbilt, Moffitt and Penn, as well as with research groups like Syros to look for new targets. And your last question, obviously, we're interested both in myelofibrosis, as well as PVR in that space to see if we can make improvements there.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. One, just on topical RUX and I know in atopic dermatitis, just maybe if you can talk about the position of this asset, so we think about it more in the neighborhood of Eucrisa. Or how do you think about kind of the peak potential there? And then just a quick one on Jakafi versus -- myelofibrosis versus polycythemia vera, I mean are we starting to get to the point where PV is slightly a bigger contributor, can you characterize that as well?
Steven Stein: So Alethia, it's Steven. I'll do the first part of your question and Barry will address your second question. As we announced on the call, the atopic dermatitis Phase 3, both studies are up and recruiting, and we'll recruit over this year. The group we were after is the mild to moderate with less than 20% body surface area involvement. And currently, the program is in patients 12 years and above. So you can see the difference in overlap, for example, some of the IV products which are more to moderate and severe with different body surface area, and the target population there is enormous in the U.S. There's millions and millions of these patients largely treated with topical corticosteroids at the moment. And then I'll ask Barry to address your second question.
Barry Flannelly: So, MF versus PV, MF is still about 60% of the volume of the patient population for -- that receive Jakafi for MF and PV. PV is about 40%, but the total growth of PV patients, for example, '19 versus '18 was 20% growth in total PV patients and 10% growth in total MF patients. So PV continues to grow at double the rate of MF patients, but it's going to take a while for PV to pass, just because MF patients stay on a drug for a very long period of time.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter: So, with regard to the SG&A expense guidance for '19, could you help us understand the uptick here? Are you incorporating sales build outs ahead of expected launches?
Paul Trower: Yes. So, this is Paul. So our guidance does include launch preparations for, obviously, for GVHD. We have cost in there looking ahead to itacitinib, as well as to pacritinib, so that's all baked into to that guidance range.
Salveen Richter: And then just secondly, on your pipeline. So outside of the pivotal stage assets, you do have some earlier programs. Could you help us understand when we might see REITs from these programs in 2019, as we look to ACR and other meetings?
Steven Stein: Salveen, it's Steven, thanks for the question. So you're right. We have 17 compounds in development, eight of them we consider post proof-of-concept assets all with very high -- probably have successful and hopeful future regulatory approvals, but the earlier programs are also firing very well. I think in terms of data sets, you may see at major meetings in the first part of this year, it will be around our oral PD-L1 inhibitor. We'd like you to show you some early data for the first time at a major meeting in the first half of this year. And then toward the second half of this year, it may be more updates in terms of Phase 1 data sets and data expansions across some of those earlier programs.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ying Huang from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ying Huang: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions as well. I have a first one on housekeeping. Can you talk about the inventory levels for Jakafi in the fourth quarter? Whether there's a significant change in that level? And then secondly, maybe a big picture question for Herv. Now you're starting to show significant cash on the balance sheet, what you think about the cash deployment from the balance sheet? And then given the industry consolidation we have seen recently, where do you think Incyte is positioned in that landscape?
Barry Flannelly: Ying, it's Barry. Just addressing your inventory question. Inventory was in the normal range at the end of Q4. There wasn't any -- as we said at the end of Q3, I believe, is that we have a big drop off in inventory, but inventory ended normal for the end of the year. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot: Yes. So regarding the cash question obviously, one of the priorities we are pursuing is the growth of the revenue and the diversification of the top line. So you can imagine that one of the use of cash that we are always looking at, and it's a relatively challenging thing to do. But where we think they are some opportunities, would be to add to our late-stage or commercial portfolio in the next 24 months. And that's something we are -- that could be potentially strategically very important for the corporation and would be a very good use of the cash that we have now. Regarding the consolidation in the industry, as you know, we are in the process of building a long-lasting global innovative biopharma company, and what we presented today, is also refocusing the multitude of late-stage internal candidates that we have and could be adding to the growth of our top line and accelerate our growth in the next few years. So that's really the priority we are pursuing. As I said, we would be looking at opportunities to acquire additional assets, if there are good quality and fitting with our portfolio, and that really is the way I would describe the cash question and the consolidation question.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JP Morgan. Your line is now live.
Cory Kasimov: I just had a couple of quick ones for you on GVHD. So first, I'm just curious if there's any more color you can provide on the ongoing GVHD review for RUX in the additional information that was submitted to the FDA? And then secondly, as you prepare for that launch in GVHD, curious how your conversations in market research have evolved? And maybe better informed due to the potential ramp and more so peak sales opportunity for that indication between RUX and itacitinib?
Steven Stein: Cory, it's Steven. I'll do your first question. The RUX SNDA for the steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease indication is, to our knowledge, the first time that the FDA has reviewed an application for this indication, which is obviously a complex disease with a very complex treatment part. The FDA extended the action date to allow time to review additional data that we recently submitted in response to an FDA information request. This submission of additional information resulted in the extension of the PDUFA goal date by three months to May 24, 2019. Extensions, as you know, are not uncommon in the FDA approval process. And although we're obviously disappointed with this delay, we remain very confident in our data set. And that's the update I can give you on that at this point in time.
Barry Flannelly: And so Cory, it's Barry. So just getting ready for the launch for acute refectory GVHD. We think of this really as being the first launch of Incyte into treating more patients and helping more patients who have graft-versus-host disease whether in the acute or chronic setting. So while each one is for the acute refractory setting, which we're fully prepared, and we believe we fully understand that disease. The opportunities there are -- you have about 3,500 patients with acute GVHD in the United States, maybe an equal number with chronic GVHD, about half of those have steroid refractory disease, but the real opportunity after that is, of course, with itacitinib with Gravitas-301 and Gravitas-309, worldwide, there's about 21,000 patients that suffer with GVHD after a stem cell or bone-marrow transplant. And we think that itacitinib in the steroid-naive setting will actually be able to benefit them a great deal. Our team has really learned a great deal about graft-versus-host disease. We did burned a great deal about bone-marrow transplants and the devastating effects that GVHD plays on patients' lives, by talking to healthcare professionals through advisory boards, through one-on-one meetings. And I think they're very excited about ruxolitinib and itacitinib, and moving it into the earlier-stage setting if in fact, we prove successful in the current ongoing trials that we have.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Ishmael Asante: Hi, this is Ishmael on for Matthew. For Vitiligo, what would you consider to be clinically meaningful data from the Phase 2? And what is your hurdle to move this into the Phase 3?
Steven Stein: Ishmael, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. As I said in the prepared remarks, this is a condition for which there are no approved treatments. There's many, many sufferers around the world. And a very underappreciated psychosocial morbidity. Having said that, you need an objective endpoint to conduct a study and deliver data. And the way it's measured is to quantify the amount of repigmentation in various areas, their scales that are used for the whole body, the co-waxy scales, and the scales that are used for the face, which is one of the areas that is obviously most visible and causes a lot of the psychosocial morbidity. And its percentage improvements in those face waxy scores and total body scores that then give you the outcomes you need. You can get a 100% improvement, you can get 75%, 50%. You need to quantify those and present them. We're obviously still in discussion and will be when we complete our Phase 2 regulatory agency around what is the appropriate end point and what is the right number to hit. So having said that there's very little-to-no spontaneous remission of this disease. So anything is important in terms of the actual number achieved. Once we have the data in hand, which is going to be in the first half of this year, we'll find an appropriate place to present that. I will tell you in a very small data set, which gave us our proof of concept, was investigated initiated work in 11 patients, six of those patients had very meaningful, more than 50% improvements in Phase 3 repigmentation scores. So that's the sort of territory we've achieved with the drug to date.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Geoff Meacham: I just had a couple. To follow on a earlier question. In GVHD, it sounds like commercially you're already in the U.S. for RUX, but looking beyond that, how would you characterize the incremental OUS commercial investment for itacitinib? How do you maximize the value of that asset? Then I have a follow-up.
Herv Hoppenot: So, the first step is ruxolitinib, as you heard, we are ready to go. We have deployed our teams. We are -- so that part is basically including -- included in the P&L and the guidance that you have seen. I think for itacitinib, we will have, obviously, to look at the timing of when it's going to be approved, both for the U.S. for Europe and Japan. And as Paul said, I mean, we have included some potential prep cost in the guidance that you have seen for the U.S., where we anticipate it will be the first to launch. And then in 2020, we will be deploying additional resources for Europe and Japan.
Geoff Meacham: And for pemigatinib, I wanted to get you guys view of how much -- if it's changed at all, how much you view the colengial data as a leading indicator for bladder? And obviously, urothelial looks -- is looking more competitive with erdafitinib and EV-201 from Seattle. So maybe just talk through the hurdles that you kind of see the -- clinical hurdles in urothelial cancer? And maybe what would be differentiated?
Steven Stein: Geoff, it's Steven. I'll try to answer your question. So if we just look at first, at intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, that's FGFR2-translocated and driven by that. You know, obviously, we showed updated data at ESMO last year, independently confirmed 40% response rate with the PFS that was a little north of nine months. And you saw those responses improve over time, which in my prepared remarks, we're saying we're waiting for that data to mature this year, and one part of our NDA submission. The testing for it, it seems to have increased globally as usually happens when people realize there's a drug that may benefit them. Places are starting to do molecular profile in certainly with the United States, Western Europe, and place like Japan and Korea, et cetera. You know, we think they're about approximately 3,000 patients available globally to -- through the setting, second-line cholangio that's FGFR2-translocated, and we're pretty sure we're clearly the leader there. And as we announced this morning, the FDA just recently gave us breakthrough designation with our data set. So it's a very encouraging arena. The readthrough to bladder, it's interesting. So bladder is different. It's FGFR3-driven, either mutated or translocated. J&J is clearly ahead. And as you said there's a comparative milieu in bladder cancer, in general, but not necessarily targeted to the particular mutation. The J&J data sets, initially they use intermittent dosing as well and then switch to continuous dosing regimens. And so an uptick in the response rates for the mid-20% range also to 40%. So we did the same. Last year, we switched from our intermittent data set to continues dosing, and we're doing it now. We think we have a really good compound. We understand the PK. We're able to manage it well. And we think we have a best-in-class compound. So we think we'll be very competitive. And we will complete enrollment this year, analyze and hopefully submit an SNDA in bladder next year. The opportunity is obviously much, much larger, given the amount of metastatic bladder cancer patients there are. For the FGFR3 mutations, it could be upwards of 12,000 to 15,000 patients globally, obviously, with a much more competitive milieu. And then thirdly, as I said, now that you have validated clinically for FGFR2, FGFR3 in bladder and more recently, the myeloproliferative neoplasm we presented at ASH that's FGFR1, we think it's the right time to do a tumor-agnostic study, which we're busy opening and doing now. And the various entities there that are also land up being appreciable in terms of the amount of patients that may be involved. So, for example, endometrial cancer, the FGFR2 mutations, 10% prevalence, glioblastoma squamous lung, rectal, head and neck. If you add those all up, you get potentially to another 15,000 patients. So we think the read through is across the board and potentially tumor-agnostic as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Carter Gould from UBS. Your line is now live.
Carter Gould: I guess one real quick one. Just in terms of clarification on a earlier answer around the PDUFA delay and any impact that might have to Reach 2 regulatory strategy there? Or anything in sort of data preparation? And then separately, we saw you move your arginase inhibitor into a combination study with Darzalex. Just trying to see, if there's any -- if that has any sort of implications for what I guess you saw from the earlier Phase 1, 2 studies you were advancing there? And when we might see that -- some of that data?
Steven Stein: In terms of read throughs and regulatory read-throughs to Reach 2 and 3, there are none. Those are stand-alone studies. They're yet to complete and deliver their data sets, and there should be no effect on any regulatory read throughs in terms of Reach 2 and Reach 3. The arginase question is an interesting one, one of the areas where you see myeloid-derived suppressor cells that express arginase is in multiple myeloma. So it's a good disease to study it in. Daratumumab, the CD38 antibody is obviously, an extremely active compound here, and we have worked with J&J Janssen to set this up as a randomized study to try and discern the additive effect of arginase in this area, and that study is just about to begin, as you saw it just appears on ct.gov. It's not from a learning in any other part of the program currently.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm: Maybe one question for Barry. With the guidance on the gross to net adjustments, it does seem to be creeping up year over year for the last couple of years. Can you just talk about what's driving that? Is that across the whole franchise? Is it one sector that's really growing the gross to net, or is it the patient mix thing? What's going on there?
Barry Flannelly: Well, it's always the government rebates that we're requiring to do. So it's 340B, its DoD, its VA, its Medicaid. So you can imagine Medicaid is growing a little bit because of the expansion of the Medicaid program by states under the Affordable Care Act. We have more use in hospitals, which drives up 340B usage. And then VA and Department of Defense is growing nicely, but we have to obviously give government rebates there. So that's the entire increase in gross to net.
Marc Frahm: And then maybe following up, Steven on your comment a couple of questions ago. The 15,000 patients that you think might be amenable to the tumor-agnostic approach. Can you break that down between translocations and mutations? Because we've seen in this space, translocations translate very well to efficacy, mutations, it's a little less clear?
Barry Flannelly: Marc, I just -- this is Barry. Again, I just want to clarify. And remember, the gross to net for Q1 is affected by the additional amount that we have to pay through the Donut Hole, so it went from 50% to 70%. So I forgot to mention that, but now pharma is picking up 70% of the donut hole from Medicare Part D patients. Now I'll pass it over to Steven for your other question.
Steven Stein: Marc, it's Steven. So I'll backtrack a little bit, for a second. You're absolutely right. The FGFR fields been going for a long time. Initially, companies that FGFR inhibitors targeted amplifications. And as you know, that didn't really pan out. There's no approved FGFR inhibitor, and that doesn't seem to be a driver, but if you hit in the amplification setting that you get the efficacy needed. But with the switch now with us and others to, for example, in cholangio, it's an FGFR2-translocation in bladder, it's an FGFR3 mutation of fusion. In the MPN 8p11, it's an FGFR1-translocation. You now see these efficacy bumps that should translate hopefully to approved products. In the tumor-agnostic setting, again, it's not amplifications, you're right. I can try break it down for you, but I will give you some examples because it gets a little busy, but endometrial carcinoma is an FGFR2 mutational fusion, that's 10% of those patients. Glios is an FGFR3 mutation or fusion, that's 10%. I'll give you one other example, which is pretty well-known one is squamous non-small cell lung cancer. And that could be either FGFR1, 2 or 3 mutations or fusions. The main point to make is, it's moved completely away from amplifications to the mutation translocation fusion setting, where you're likely to see those as the oncogenic driver. And if you aggregate that part where you get the efficacy you need.
Marc Frahm: And then one last one, just on the pemigatinib time lines. Is the gating to the filing purely the -- more follow-up on patients? Or is there also some nonclinical stuff that needs to be completed in parallel?
Steven Stein: Yes. It's railing around the maturity of the data set and follow-up. We saw this very encouraging sign when with more mature follow-up, the response rate over time went up. And remember, this was an independently confirmed response rate. So, when we first presented the data, we were sitting in the mid-20% response rate range, and then the ESMO update, you saw a 40% independently confirmed response rate with really long duration of response in lung PFS. So in that particular tumor type, that's around maturity and needing about six months of follow-up to get the maturity you need. There's nothing else that's on critical path here in terms of our NDA submission. There's no CMC issue or anything else.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Peter Lawson from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is now live.
Peter Lawson: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just wondering maybe, one, if you can make any comments around any of the off-label use, you could be seeing for RUX if you already seen in GVHD? And then, I guess the follow-up question is around pacing of data for GVHD in 2019, when -- would see Reach 2, 3 versus Gravitas?
Barry Flannelly: So, it's Barry, Peter. So I'll try to answer. So we have some spontaneous use, and we've said it before, I think of the total amount of Jakafi used maybe 2% to 3% of that, its spontaneous use of Jakafi in acute and chronic GVHD. And the second part of your question was?
Peter Lawson: Was just on the timing of around the date for GVHD in 2019, so for Reach 2, 3, Gravitas, et cetera?
Steven Stein: Yes, Peter, it's Steven. It's hard to give you exact timing. Obviously, it's event-driven but Reach 2 is steroid-refractory acute and Reach 3 is steroid-refractory chronic done in combination with Novartis, our partner. Global studies enrolled really well, and we fully expect data in the second half of this year for both of those studies. GRAVITAS-301, itacitinib steroid-naive acute, our global study is enrolled also superbly well. And, again, data-driven in terms of the endpoints, but we also expect data in the latter half of '19 for all three of those studies.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson: Congrats on the progress and thanks for taking my question. I'm curious about the decision to move into continuous dosing in the Phase 3 cholangiocarcinoma study for pemigatinib? And Steve, you mentioned earlier, your observations from changes bladder study. I was just curious if you could share with us your expectations around how the move to continuous dosing might potentially impact efficacy and then also tolerability? And then I have a follow-up question.
Steven Stein: Very good questions. I think, both J&J and we've demonstrated that you do get a bump in efficacy with switching from intermittent, which is two weeks on, one week off to continuous dosing. Clearly, you also pay a price in terms of tolerability. So the J&J published data set went from a 10% discontinuation rate to a 20% discontinuation rate. That happens across drug development. You have to create the therapeutic ratio there. We felt that for our first-line cholangiocarcinoma study that's FGFR2-driven that it's head-to-head against the chemotherapy doublet in terms of gemcitabine and cisplatin. And that has appreciable response rates that we're going to have to beat in that study. We clearly think we'll beat them on durability, which is why we're doing the study. In the end, though it's about individual patient titration, right. So you'll be able to -- the protocol will be written and allow people to dose titrate based on tolerability, either up or down, or even take treatment breaks as needed. Because you make a population decision on dosing, but it comes down to an individual decision on tolerability. And so we elected to obviously do that in the cholangio first-line study for the reasons I mentioned. And then the bladder work, we were largely driven for what J&J showed in terms of the uptick in response rate. We have done appreciable work with intermittent dosing in bladder already, and we were in the same territory as them with our intermittent dosing, which is why we did the switch there.
Jay Olson: That was very helpful. And congrats again on getting the breakthrough designation. I had one follow-up on your small molecule. Oral PD-1 inhibitor, you mentioned earlier that you might have some data earlier this year. And I was wondering, if you could share with us any initial thoughts you might have around what sort of clinical development options you might be considering, such as adjuvant therapy or other settings where a small oral molecule might have significant dosing advantages over an antibody?
Steven Stein: Sure. Thank you. It's Steven. I'll take the question again, so you know we went into the clinic at the end of last year in December. We announced that at JP Morgan, it's an oral PD-L1 inhibitor, which what we think looks like a very interesting mechanism of action in terms of bonding PD-L1 and then internalizing, which we showed work around that preclinically. Just to manage expectations though and I should have been clear earlier. The major meeting data set for the oral PD-L1 compound will be preclinical data, obviously, initially because we've just been in the clinic, and we're just dosing now and getting PK and PD. In terms of the compounded cells that's interesting, so the mechanism of action I alluded to what will that translate too. Obviously, our hope is that there will be an efficacy differentiate based on that because of its unique mechanism of action. We're going to have to show that clinically. Should that be the case that will drive very different development than from a PD-L1 inhibitor alone, if there's an efficacy differentiator based on the mechanism of action, and we'll work that out. In terms of its oral nature, it may potentially give us some advantages. One is in the safety realm. When you run into trouble with checkpoint blockade, it can be quite devastating complications like colitis and obviously with an IV, it's going to be on board for a long time. With an oral, you can immediately stop dosing and potentially ameliorate safety there. The other areas of oral combinations, it will be very useful. Maintenance settings particularly, the adjuvant setting when patients don't want to come into IV, to the clinic to get IVs and just take an oral long term, so you can think of areas adjuvant like in melanoma, potentially adjuvant like in non-small cell lung cancer. Obviously, AstraZeneca with Durva is already showing that there is a benefit to checkpoint blockade, in an adjuvant setting in lung cancer there. So those are areas we're really thinking about and we'll work on. Internal combinations will be important. Obviously, we have FGFR in bladder now, and that may land itself to a very good internal combination. But there may be external combinations that will be really important, for example, with VEGF inhibitors and renal carcinoma, et cetera. It's really too early to tell you, what the totality of the clinical development program will look like. So we know a little bit more about what we have in the clinic.
Operator: Our next question is from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now live. I am obviously experiencing technical difficulties. I do apologize. Please hold.
Tyler Van Buren: I just want to follow-up on a comment you made earlier about adding late-stage commercial revenue. Specifically, could you speak about what therapeutic areas you guys are most interested in? And also your capacity to do a deal? And what size of deal you guys could potentially do? Clearly, you have cash growing to 1.4 billion and improved profitability, would you also be willing to take on some leverage, and what that may look like?
Herv Hoppenot: So, there are always like two types of products, we have -- products, franchisees we are interested in. I mean, the one would be like -- early like we have done historically like early technology and Phase 1 type of products because they would be complementary to what we have. So you can think of life cycle management in the field of MF and PV. So you can think of that, I mean, what could be the early products that are helping us manage the portfolio and from the early stage. The other part is what I spoke about or the other thing, if we can identify opportunities to diversify our revenue line in the short term, we know from the six projects we have in our own portfolio that that diversification would be happening. But there is a way to add to that with external growth, that's something we would be doing. The targets obviously in the field of oncology and hematology because as you can see the late-stage portfolio from the internal pipeline is clearly where we will be very active in the next few years.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Katherine Xu from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Mike Booth: Are you on mute?
Operator: Hello, Katherine Xu, your line is now live.
Mike Booth: Kevin, let's move to the next one and we can come back to Katherine.
Operator: I do apologize. Please bear with me one moment, please. I do apologize we are experiencing technical difficulties, please stand by. Ladies and gentlemen, we are experiencing technical difficulties. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management at this time.
Mike Booth: Hey, Kevin, will we be able to take any additional questions or should we close the call at this time? I think, we should. In that case, I think we should close the call. Apologies to those analysts who weren't able to ask. We'll follow-up with you immediately after the call. And Herv, would you like to make any closing remarks?
Herv Hoppenot: Yes. Thank you for -- sorry for the technical difficulties. Thank you for your time today for your questions, and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor and medical conferences. But, for now, we thank you again for your participation in this call today. So, thank you and goodbye.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Tyler M. Van Buren - Piper Jaffray & Co. Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Christopher N. Marai - Nomura Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations for Incyte. Mike, please go ahead.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's third quarter and nine-months 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I'm joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven and Dave, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Reid, who will join us for the Q&A session. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2018 guidance, the commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that Incyte continues to perform very well across all aspects of the business. We have recently delivered exciting data at both the EADV Congress and at ESMO, and we are looking forward to seeing many of you at ASH in San Diego. Total product revenue continues to grow nicely, and we recognized a 25% increase in nine months revenue versus the same period last year. Revenues of over $1.2 billion in the first nine months of 2018 included over $1 billion in Jakafi sales and over $160 million in royalties from Jakavi and Olumiant, reflecting strong demand for both ruxolitinib and baricitinib on a global basis. It's important to note that Q3 net sales for Jakafi were negatively impacted by inventory moves late in the quarter, and Barry will provide additional details in a few minutes. Patient demand for Jakafi remains strong and slide five provides some historical data charting U.S. patient demand alongside U.S. revenue recognized for Jakafi. Going back to the third quarter of 2012, you can see that Jakafi revenue and the total number of patients taking Jakafi show a fairly consistent rate of growth. Due to the strength in underlying demand and the growing number of patient on Jakafi, we are pleased to be increasing the bottom end of our guidance range so that our guidance for full-year revenue for Jakafi is now a range of $1.37 billion to $1.4 billion. Before I pass the call to Barry for more details on Jakafi performance, I would like to quickly mention recent updates from our portfolio. It's been an exciting few weeks for Incyte, starting with very encouraging data from ruxolitinib cream in patients with atopic dermatitis presented at EADV last month, as well as data from capmatinib and pemigatinib at the ESMO conference last week. On the regulatory front, we were pleased that the FDA accepted the sNDA for ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute GVHD for Priority Review and assigned a PDUFA date of February 24 next year. Looking forward, GRAVITAS-301 study of itacitinib in patient with newly diagnosed GVHD is enrolling very well, and both our PD-1 and PI3 kinase-delta programs are on track. We see three baricitinib data in atopic dermatitis also expected in the first half of next year. There is much to be excited about in the coming months. With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry for more details on the sales performance of Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Patient demand for Jakafi remains very strong, and we are seeing good uptick in both MF and PV indications. Slide eight shows a robust growth in patient demand for both MF and PV. As you can see, the total number of MF patients currently on Jakafi, shown in blue, continues to rise, and the pool of MF patients on therapy continues to be greater than PV, shown in orange. The total number of PV patients on Jakafi is growing faster than MF, and we continue to expect that in time the number of PV patients taking Jakafi will overtake MF. The sales bridge, provided on the left-hand side of slide nine shows continued demand growth in Q3 and the effect of inventory changes on net sales. We saw an unexpected destocking at several large customers late in the third quarter, leading to a negative inventory effect of approximately $8 million in the quarter. The nine-month sales data shown on the right-hand side of slide nine where effects of changes in inventory are normalized shows a strong 21% growth over the same period last year. The number of new patient starts is typically a leading indicator for sales performance, and Q3 new patient demand data are encouraging and provide us with good momentum as we enter the fourth quarter. Giving our confidence in the full-year outlook today, we have adjusted Jakafi guidance by lifting the lower end of the prior guidance range. Slide 10 shows the consistent yearly growth of Jakafi, adding more than $200 million in net product revenue each year since 2014. We are on target to continue that trend again for the full year of 2018, given that the midpoint of the new guidance range represents more than $250 million in increased Jakafi revenue versus the full year of 2017. I am very pleased that both indications are driving growth as we continue to secure new patients, while also maintaining current patients on therapy for longer. Given the success of the REACH1 trial, we continue our readiness efforts for potential approval of Jakafi in steroid refractory acute GVHD. Our team has made excellent progress in educating physicians about the benefits that Jakafi provides in both MF and PV indications. And I have every confidence the team will do an equally outstanding job for patients with GVHD. We submitted the sNDA on schedule during the third quarter based on positive results from REACH1 in patients with steroid refractory acute GVHD, and the FDA has recently accepted it for Priority Review. As we detailed last quarter, we believe our team's size and structure has already been optimized, and we are ready to launch immediately in this indication, if approved. With that, I'll pass the call over to Steven for an update on our portfolio.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. We believe that JAK inhibition has significant potential as a treatment for graft versus host disease, and we have two pivotal programs that span several aspects for this devastating and often fatal disease. As Barry touched on, we were pleased to have the ruxolitinib sNDA accepted by the FDA for Priority Review based on the results of REACH1. Beyond REACH1, we have three ongoing Phase 3 trials that are all currently expected to yield results next year. REACH2 and REACH3 are evaluating the use of ruxolitinib in steroid refractory acute graft versus host disease and steroid refractory chronic graft versus host disease, respectively. GRAVITAS-301 is the first pivotal trial that is evaluating our JAK1 selective inhibitor, itacitinib, in patients with treatment-nave acute graft versus host disease. Early next year, we expect to launch a second Phase 3 trial of itacitinib, this time in patients with steroid  with treatment-nave chronic graft versus host disease. There are a significant number of new patients each year that would become eligible for treatment with either itacitinib as a first-line treatment or ruxolitinib, following treatment with steroids, if our trials are successful and we obtain regulatory approvals. On slide 14, we have included data for pemigatinib, our FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, which was presented recently at ESMO in Munich. If you recall, we presented some initial data from this group of patients at our R&D day in June this year, which showed a disease control rate of 82%, an overall response rate of 24%, and a 6.8-month median progression-free survival. You can see here that as patients remained on therapy, responses have been more durable, and more patients have become responders such that the response rate is now 40% with the median progression-free survival of greater than nine months. Importantly, all tumor response data are from central review. Recruitment into the FIGHT-202 trial in patients with cholangiocarcinoma is now largely complete, and we'll now wait for the data from the trial to mature. If the data continues to evolve as we expect, we intend to submit an NDA seeking approval of pemigatinib in second-line FGFR2 translocated cholangiocarcinoma next year. We therefore expect cholangiocarcinoma to be the initial indication for pemigatinib with the potential for an approval in FGFR3 mutated bladder cancer, as well as a development program seeking a tumor-agnostic FGFR-altered indication in the future. Data on capmatinib were also presented at ESMO. Capmatinib is an oral reversible inhibitor of the MET receptor tyrosine kinase and it has shown both high selectivity for MET and is extremely potent against MET exon-14 skipping mutations compared to all other MET inhibitors in development. Capmatinib was discovered by Incyte, was included in the 2009 license agreement with Novartis, and has the potential to be the first MET-selective inhibitor to be approved, given the exciting data presented at ESMO this year. Data at ESMO were from the GEOMETRY mono-1 study being run by Novartis, and these data were in patients with non-small cell lung cancer with MET exon-14 skipping mutations, which occur in up to 4% of patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The response rate seen in this 94-patient trial were clinically meaningful with an overall response rate in second and third-line patients of 39%; and in first line, the response rate was 72%. All data were centrally reviewed and capmatinib showed a manageable safety profile in this challenging patient population. Novartis is guiding to an NDA submission for capmatinib next year, and we are very proud that another Incyte-invented molecule appears to be on the path to potential registration. Let's move on to our development efforts in inflammation and autoimmunity. We were excited that data from ruxolitinib cream in patients with atopic dermatitis were presented at the recent EADV meeting in Paris and were very well received. As you can see here, the data showed rapid improvements in itch for patients on the ruxolitinib cream versus both placebo and steroid cream, which were seen as early as two days after the first use. These responses, as well as other endpoints based on the Eczema Area and Severity Index and Investigator's Global Assessment scales were durable, and the treatment was not associated with any notable safety or tolerability findings. We are currently in discussions with the FDA to design a Phase 3 program in adults with atopic dermatitis, which we expect to initiate shortly. Ruxolitinib cream also has potential as a treatment for patients with vitiligo, which is an autoimmune disease of the melanocytes, leading to disfiguring patches of hypopigmentation on the patient's skin, most notably on the face and hands. A small proof of concept trial of ruxolitinib cream has already shown promising results, and a randomized double-blind vehicle-control Phase 2 is ongoing. We expect to announce data from that trial next year. I'll now pass the call along to Dave to review the financials.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to our press release. For the third quarter, we recorded $450 million of total revenue on a GAAP basis. This is comprised of $348 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $20 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $51 million of Jakavi royalties from Novartis, $11 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly, and $20 million of contract revenues for a milestone earned from Lilly for the commencement of the Phase 3 program in lupus. Total revenues for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis were $430 million and exclude the $20 million milestone from Lilly. Our Jakafi gross to net for the quarter was 13.5%, and we expect that our gross net adjustment for full-year 2018 will be approximately 14%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $19 million on a non-GAAP basis. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, and then payments of royalties to Novartis on Jakafi net sales. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $251 million on a non-GAAP basis, primarily driven by clinical development programs, and our SG&A expense for the quarter was $85 million on a non-GAAP basis. Moving on to non-operating items, we recorded GAAP and non-GAAP net interest income of $10 million in the third quarter. Our net income for the third quarter on a non-GAAP basis was $83 million, which is double that reported for the same period last year. Looking at our year-to-date results, our net income on a non-GAAP basis was $137 million. We ended the third quarter with $1.4 billion in cash and marketable securities, and we expect to end the year with approximately the same amount. Slide 21 provides a summary reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP metrics. As I mentioned earlier, a more detailed reconciliation is provided in this morning's press release. My last slide provides a summary of our current financial guidance. Based on Jakafi's year-to-date performance, we are increasing the lower end of our net sales guidance by $20 million to a revised range of $1.37 billion to $1.4 billion. We are also decreasing the high end of our R&D guidance by $50 million to a revised range of $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion and increasing our SG&A guidance from a range of $390 million to $410 million to a new range of $420 million to $440 million, based on our run rates for the year to-date. Our guidance for non-GAAP net income of $200 million to $250 million is unchanged. Herv will now conclude our prepared remarks by summarizing our expected news flow.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Dave. And I would like to pause here for just a minute to say a few words of thanks for the invaluable role you have played in the Incyte leadership team since joining us in 2014. And I would like to take this opportunity to publicly thank you for all of your contribution and to wish you well in your retirement when we identify your successor. So, to end our discussion, I would like to share our key objectives for between now and the end of 2019. On the regulatory front, we have three important goals. First, we expect to achieve FDA approval for ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute GVHD in the first quarter of 2019. It may come sooner, and if so, we are ready to launch. Second, should the pemigatinib data continue to evolve as we expect, we intend to submit an NDA for cholangiocarcinoma next year. Third, Novartis has stated that it plans to submit an NDA for capmatinib in non-small cell lung cancer with MET exon-14 skipping mutations next year. Regarding key clinical data, we are currently expecting results from several registration-enabling trials before the end of 2019. Firstly, we expect to announce the result of the Phase 3 program for baricitinib in atopic dermatitis. Then data from three GVHD pivotal trials, GRAVITAS-301 with itacitinib and REACH2 and REACH3 with ruxolitinib are also expected to be available during 2019. We also expect to complete recruitment of the continuous dosing cohort for pemigatinib in patients with bladder cancer. If data from this cohort are positive, they could form the basis for a regulatory submission. We also anticipate initiating several Phase 3 programs before the end of next year. So GRAVITAS-309 trial is in preparation and we study itacitinib in patients with treatment-nave chronic GVHD, and we are also planning on opening a Phase 3 program evaluating ruxolitinib cream in adults with atopic dermatitis, and if the Phase 2 is successful, a Phase 3 program in patients with vitiligo. Finally, we plan to start Phase 3 trial of pemigatinib in both cholangiocarcinoma and first-line bladder cancer. We believe that there is a significant value embedded in our portfolio, and it's up to us to execute on these opportunities in the coming months. By creating the right molecule and working towards clinical success, we aim to create value for both shareholders and society by bringing new and innovative therapies to patients. In doing so, we expect to drive Incyte to a sustained and significant profitability. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Our first question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So, I have two questions on graft versus host disease. So firstly, in light of the upcoming PDUFA date for the REACH1 study, could you comment on the education required here on the sales side and any additional build you might require in terms of your sales force? And then, secondly, in light of this positive data, how does that read through to the other RUX studies in graft versus host as well as itacitinib? And then, specifically, for itacitinib, what is the benefit of JAK1 alone in the treatment-nave setting versus JAK1/2? Thank you.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Salveen. This is Barry. I'll take the first part of your question and hand it over to Steven for the second part of the question. So, in terms of the build, so we already have, at the  throughout this year, we've added 25 sales representatives, three MSLs, and two oncology nurse educators. And that was to get ready, in fact, for GVHD but also to take advantage of continued growth opportunities for Jakafi in myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera. So, those oncology sales representatives are actually positioned around the top centers that do stem cell transplants and where most GVHD would be found. So, I think, as we said before, the top 50%  at the top 50, stem cell transplant centers account for about 70% of the transplants. So, we think it's really targeted. Our training is beginning now for  so our training materials are all prepared in terms of educating our internal teams, including the sales teams. We call on many of these targets already, these  about 50% of the physicians that are doing transplants because, remember, some of them are doing transplants for myelofibrosis patients. So, we know the centers. We've been profiling the centers. We have another team that we call our national account managers that have been making sure that we'll be able to have Jakafi on formulary for steroid-refractory acute GVHD. So, we think we're well-prepared in terms of that education. And then, of course, we'll educate healthcare professionals about the benefits that Jakafi provides in this patient population. And we're fully prepared in putting together materials for that. With that, I'll hand it over to Steven.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry. Thanks for the question, Salveen. So, you asked about the read-through from the REACH1 results to the REACH2 program, which is in steroid-refractory acutes as well, but a randomized study against best available therapy, and then REACH3, which is in chronic graft versus host disease and also randomized study. Overall, the read is positive, given that it's JAK inhibition with a few nuances. Acute disease is generally an apoptotic disease, whereas chronic disease is more a fibrotic disease. But given that we have proof of concept in both entities, we obviously feel strongly about the likelihood of probably of success here and thus we conducted these large Phase 3 programs. So, overall positive reads there. The same applies to itacitinib, even though it's more selective for JAK1. Again, JAK inhibition being important across the spectrum of graft versus host disease, let me just remind you of itacitinib's proof of concept data at actually a few years ago, which showed a very high response rate in steroid-nave as well as in steroid-refractory. But the steroid-nave response rate was 20 points higher and thus gave us proof of concept to go ahead with GRAVITAS-301. Why is it important? Because of the sparing of JAK2, there's expected to be relatively less cytopenias. And given that these patients are steroid-nave acute to immediately post-transplant, what they're struggling with in terms of morbidities, often cytopenias in terms of low platelets, low white cells, anemias. So, the cytopenias-sparing effect should be helpful and should translate to increased success and tolerability. Thanks.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Just one  kind of following up Salveen, when we think about the itacitinib data and GRAVITAS-301, can you talk about what type of effect do you think you need to show to kind of justify moving an expensive therapy kind of into that front line in more of a contract-type of setting, like transplants? And is it just the response rate? Or is there some other aspect that we should really be focusing on to justify that?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, thanks for the question. Again, it's Steven. Generally speaking, steroids have approximately a 40% to 50% response rate with the attendant side effects, particularly when they're used over the long-term, which are well-known in terms of steroid side effects. So, from our point of view, a response rate that's one north of that and in absolute numbers can be quantified, but it should be higher than steroids. And then, in terms of what we know, in terms of tolerability, and you have got ample evidence of long-term use of ruxolitinib in MF and PV now. The profile is very different from long-term use of steroids. So, the effect would have to be that higher response rate and a better tolerability profile that would enable people to get off of the steroids, and that's what we're looking for in GRAVITAS-301. And that would be an additional clinical benefit to the actual treatment of graft versus host disease is the ability for patients to be weaned off of the steroids.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then, just for Barry, on the thing about pemigatinib, and you're potentially launching or getting filed next year in cholangiocarcinoma, could you just talk about the build-up that is going to need to be done, the timing of that for commercial organization and solid tumors that doesn't really exist right now?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Well, we're hopeful that will get approved as soon as possible. But we're just working on exactly the size of the team that we'll need for this patient population in cholangiocarcinoma with FGFR2 translocations. So, those efforts are really ongoing, and we'll continue to update you as we get closer to an actual launch date.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys, this is Sean (27:09) on for Cory. Congrats on the quarter. And just a couple questions on cholangiocarcinoma. So, the updated results from ESMO look to be quite promising. It actually looks like there was a significant portion of patients in whom the response took a bit longer to evolve. In your previous update, I think there was like 11 out of 45 responses versus 19 out of 47 responses at ESMO. So, just kind of wondering the kinetics of the response surprise you a bit? And as a follow-up, maybe you could share with us some color around your filing plans. Is there a chance that we could potentially see a BTB (27:43) Priority Review in this indication? And are there discussions currently ongoing with the FDA?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Sean (27:49), it's Steven. Thank you for your question. Yes, it's a good surprise, right? The ESMO updated data showed that centrally reviewed response rate of 40%, which is robust, and as you noted, increased with time. For reasons in one particular tumor versus others is we see that it's not entirely clear. But obviously the biology of that particular FGFR2 translocated cholangio is such that over time you can get increased cytoreduction. Probably, a clue for that came if you look at the entire waterfall plot is the disease control rate is north of 80%. So, just about everybody is having some degree of cytoreduction from the get-go. And obviously, over time, those improved in a substantive way that were also really durable. So, given the context, given that this is second-line cholangiocarcinoma, given that chemotherapy in the setting has maybe a 10  at a stretch 15% response rate with very short progression pre-survival, we believe these results are now in the territory to meet potential regulatory approval-type data. And to  further to your question, we will be discussing, of course, with the regulatory authorities, does this meet breakthrough designation criteria, and as such, will it qualify for Priority Review? And again, we feel strongly that that's starting to look increasingly to be the case. I am focused in my comments on the FDA. We didn't mention Europe because the root there for single-arm studies is harder. But given this updated data set, we will obviously be discussing these in Europe with the regulatory authorities as well. So this now meet potential regulatory approval criteria. So, very encouraged by the data set and surprised in a good way by the increase in response rate that's durable over time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys, and thanks for the question. Dave, I also want to offer up some congrats on your retirement. Seems like we've had this conversation before. Barry, another one on Jakafi, when you look at the GVHD opportunity, what do you think could be the initial uptake curve based on REACH1 and the unmet need. I guess my sense is do you think docs will want to wait ultimately until REACH2 or  2 or 3 data are fully out? And then I have one follow-up for Herv.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: No, Geoff, I actually think the uptake will be quite good, obviously, what the patient population is. Steroid-refractory GVHD in the United States, we say it's around 1,500 patients. We think that the data we've shown so far are compelling, better than anything else in this particular setting, able to get patients off of steroids. Obviously, these patients are very, very sick and they really need to get their GVHD under control right away. And it looks like we're able to achieve that with the profile that we have. So, I'm very encouraged about that opportunity. And then we're looking forward to getting approval for chronic GVHD and we think that'll be a good opportunity as well. So, we're looking forward to both of these indications.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, Herv, you've got a great franchise in Jakafi which obviously could drive pretty robust profitability. And I argue you're getting zero credit for pretty much anything in the pipeline beyond what's in Phase 3. So, why continue to develop so many assets that are earlier stage? Do you think you would add more value by, for example, narrowing the pipeline breadth and focusing a little bit more on profits today? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: I think your question is really about our overall R&D investments or what we believe is that the quality of the science we have here at Incyte, the quality of the discovery team is now proven. We spoke about ruxolitinib and baricitinib already approved, commercially available. We are speaking of now pemigatinib, itacitinib, capmatinib, so that will be like five molecules that are coming from our own discovery group that have been now very close to crossing the line and showing a lot of very promising data. So, it shows that R&D done the right way can be extremely productive. And before you have late-stage products, obviously you have to have early-stage products. And that's why we have a portfolio of early-stage program. We don't know yet from that portfolio which one will be the breakthrough that are moving very quickly, and which one may end up being more on hold. I must say, in terms of investment, most of it is coming from the late-stage portfolio. So, if you look at the way the investment is calibrated between early-stage and late-stage, what you see is that the pre-proof of concept program usually have a relatively modest impact on the models  I mean it's a relatively smaller impact on the R&D budget. And our choice to develop these products is really based on the data and the science and the medical need and trying to improve treatment of cancer. Or outside of cancer, as you can see, there are now a number of fairly interesting programs we have. And I must say, the atopic derm and the vitiligo program for ruxolitinib cream are, assuming we get good data from the Phase 3, are going to be very productive for our corporation. So, that being said, obviously, we are very cautious about our investments in R&D. And as I said in my remarks, the way we see the entire corporation evolve is increase profitability. I think Dave spoke about the profitability we have seen in this quarter, which was double what we had a year ago, and that's a trend over a period of time that you will see confirmed with the progress of our business.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, one, can you just comment briefly on the inventory drawdown and whether you expect that to reverse in coming quarters or if there was a specific driver of that drawdown this quarter? And then maybe secondly, can you just comment on the  what are the key issues that you're speaking with the FDA about the Phase 3 for atopic dermatitis with ruxolitinib cream? Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Okay, Matt, so I'll take the first part. No, we think this is one-time. Well, inventory changes periodically. We've seen it over a quarter, sometimes the inventory is above the normal range that we experience, sometimes it's below the normal range, which is what we say is two and a half to three weeks of inventory in the channel. And even if you move a couple of days one way or the other, now that's about $12 million. Was it a driver of the inventory burn off this quarter? Well, we took a 3% price increase at the beginning of September, and historically, we've seen after we take a price increase that inventory does go down, but generally it's gradually over time. This was very quick and a little bit more dramatic that we saw some destocking. To be honest, even in October that's already reversed itself. We're on budget for October, we're on budget to hit the guidance that we just gave before. We're planning to deliver close to $250 million in 2018 above and beyond what we sold in 2017. So, we're very confident moving forward. And I'll hand it over to Steven for the second part.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Matt. Thanks for your question. This is Steven. I mean, they're the obvious issues, but I'll go through them. The type of things we are discussing, given the proof-of-concept work we've conducted and presented already are the dosing, the need to study more than one dose or not. The number of studies that are needed in this setting in dermatology, conventionally it's at least two studies. The size of those studies, given that the safety databases in dermatology indications tend to be 1,000 patients or north of that. And whether or not an active comparator is needed or not in these studies. I think those are the four main issues. The good news is we're very close to closure on those and we aim, as Herv said in the call, at a minimum to get these studies going in the first quarter of 2019, if not sooner. So, we're in a good place, we have the right set of proof-of-concept data, we have agreement on most of these issues, and we should be going soon.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Two questions on Jakafi lifecycle. I guess first off, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the ongoing Jakafi combo studies, perhaps put a finer point on the timing for upcoming readouts and maybe give us a sense for your view what's the (37:37) overall bar there, what you would need to show from a symptomatic improvement standpoint, from intolerability to warrant potential exploration here, not just in refractory patients, but in front-line as a potential Jakafi replacement. What would be acceptable in terms of additional AEs? And then I had a follow-up.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Brian, it's Steven. Thanks for your question. Obviously, the lifecycle management of RUX itself is incredibly important to us, given that we have patent runway in the United States and beyond at least through 2027. So, it's a large program with numerous efforts. You focused your question on one of them, which is combination work. We have various combinations ongoing. The one that you'll see that's currently the most encouraging to us, and you'll see data readouts on relatively soon in upcoming meeting at the end of the year, which we already showed you a sneak preview in 10 patients at the R&D day there's a ruxolitinib plus PI3 kinase program, the delta program with 50465. And in that early read, we showed you in the 10 patients at the R&D day, you saw both a further decrease in spleen volume in terms of actual  and a reasonably objective measure of activity as well as symptom improvement. Remember, RUX itself is such a fantastically successful drug that it's not easy to recruit these trials quickly. And most people stay on RUX for a very long time and do really well. So, the additional needs beyond, in terms of regulatory endpoints, aren't very clearly defined. We've been working with the FDA in the space because we have numerous combinations ongoing and trying to come to a very strict definition of what constitutes, if you will, "ruxolitinib failure or RUX refractoriness". And then put people appropriately on those studies to make sure we always have apple-to-apple comparisons across our programs and others. So, they're not strictly defined yet, but we've been working very carefully to get those to you. We also have ongoing programs, just to mention, with ruxolitinib plus our PIM inhibitor, which has really good pre-clinical data. And then a combination with JAK1 with itacitinib itself that's ongoing as well in patients who either can't tolerate doses of RUX or have to come off of it, and then we have a switch strategy as well. So, it's a very large combination program across all of them with the lead clinical evidence now for which you'll see updated data at the meeting end of this year is the RUX plus PI3 kinase-delta program. And hopefully, the endpoints will be more clearly defined over time.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's really helpful. And then, just to follow up to that, in terms of next generation ruxolitinib formulations, I know you recently published data on an earlier formulation. Just wondering where you are with respect to optimization. How much cytopenia reductions and/or improvement in efficacy you could potentially achieve and might need to show for payers and KOLs to support use of a next-gen once a generic RUX is available? Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Brian. This is Reid. I'll take your question. You're right. We did publish some data on a sustained-release formulation of ruxolitinib, and there's actually some intellectual property around that as well, which has recently been locked down. Those are important efforts for us, and they really dovetail with the remarks that Steven just had on the combination work. In some respects, that is kind of the first line of the lifecycle strategy is to try to work on a more optimized pharmacokinetics profile of ruxolitinib that's beneficial in terms of patient usage but also potentially brings important benefits in terms of their cytopenias or even the benefits that ruxolitinib achieves in terms of spleen volume reduction and symptomatic improvement. So, that's sort of the first leg. I think the combination study that Steven outlined is the second leg. And just for completeness, the third leg is a continued strong interest in active research programs we have internally, both fully in-house and in collaboration with academic and company partners to try to identify new targets in the space that could be approached as, frankly, to obsolete ruxolitinib one day. And so, these are all three active efforts within Incyte and I think help to underscore just how significant the commitment is that we have to MPN patients.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Katherine Xu from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. I just have a question on pemigatinib. Can you comment on the intermittent versus continuous dosing of the drug in both cholangio and in bladder? And then, are you confident in terms of efficacy that you could attain with this increase in dosing? And then, on the safety side, what would you expect with a more intensified dosing mechanism? And mechanistically, understanding that these are FGFR2 or 3 mutation-driven cancers, but does it make sense to find a combo partner to further increase the efficacy in these patients? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Katherine, hi. It's Steven. Thank you for your question. It's a good one. So, in terms of the dose we netted out at the end of Phase 2 trying to weave the therapeutic ratio between efficacy and safety, we had come up with a 13.5 milligram two weeks on, one week off dosing regimen, which many competitors at the time were doing as well, given the tolerability profile as regard to hyperphosphatemia, GI side effects, et cetera. Our cholangiocarcinoma dosing regimen, as you've seen, is the intermittent one, 13.5, two weeks on, one week off, with the efficacy we just showed at ESMO and just spoke about. In the interim in FGFR3 mutated bladder cancer, the lead competitor there, the J&J compound, had switched from intermittent dosing to different continuous dosing regimens and had shown incremental improvements in efficacy from the mid-20% range up to the low 40% range and had filed earlier this year, it achieved breakthrough status. And that's the way they're doing their program in bladder cancer. So, what we've done in bladder cancer is switch from intermittent dosing to continuous because, again, we look like we have a similar response rate with intermittent there, and we're just beginning that continuous dosing journey and should enroll fully our study at some point next year, as Herv said in his remarks. What we'd want to see from that is an incremental improvement in efficacy like they did in bladder cancer. Your safety question is pertinent, though. If you look at discontinuation rates between intermittent regimens and continuous regimens for our competitors, they almost double. So, you can go upwards of a 20% discontinuation rate, where you do continuous dosing. And obviously, that'll have to be watched because you want patients to stay on therapy. You want durability of responses, and you want long progression-free survival. So, that's the therapeutic ratio you have to weave when you do this effort. And it is likely that  same with us with continuous dosing that the tolerability profile may worsen slightly, although our discontinuation rates to date, with caveats on low numbers, are actually much lower. So, that's encouraging. In terms of partners across the spectrum, obviously, at the moment we have been talking mostly about monotherapy efforts, but as you move up to first line, particularly in bladder cancer, we may be examining efforts in combination with IO in terms of checkpoint blockade. That may be one of the relevant areas to attend to. And as you know, we have our own PD-1 inhibitor, so that's something we'd be interested in going forward. There are, as Herv mentioned, other FGFR potentially driven diseases and there may be a way of doing a more agnostic approach across different tumor types, just like was done with checkpoint inhibitors with MSI high tumors, for example. And that's something we are going to be exploring actively next year. So, that's the status of the program. We have all the combination partners we need internally at the moment for the efforts we want to conduct. So, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now live.
Tyler M. Van Buren - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks and good morning. In the release, you specifically mentioned a positive enrollment of the GRAVITAS trial. So, as we think about the enrollment as a positive indicator of potential market uptake, could you elaborate on some of the factors driving enrollment in that trial? And then as a follow-up question to that, I believe the long-term Jakafi guidance includes the smaller acute steroid refractory indication. So, as you think about the expansion of that into both chronic and steroid-nave in the broader GVHD opportunity, could you help us put some numbers around the magnitude of that potential opportunity in terms of sales as you guys currently think about it?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Tyler, hi. It's Steven. I'll go first and then hand it over to Barry. So, just to mention, the GRAVITAS-301 program that you referenced is with itacitinib, our JAK1 inhibitor. And then you turned over the rest of the question to RUX, so, I'll let Barry address that part. But for steroid-nave acute, I think it's numerous factors. We've been really encouraged by the rapidity of enrollment and the enthusiasm around it. And I think it's related to the fact that there's a large unmet need in this area with a disease that can be of high morbidity and actually high mortality at six months, so there's that need to address. Plus, now the knowledge through numerous publications that JAK inhibition is highly effective, so people want to get on to these studies and have it tested. And I think those are  and then the global nature of the way we're conducting the study across the U.S. and Western Europe as well as some Japanese enrollment. So, those are all driving very encouraging enrollment and we're really happy to see where that is. I'll pass it over to Barry for your commercial question.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: So, Tyler, I think you were asking two separate questions. One is that the long-term guidance that we have on Jakafi, which includes acute steroid-refractory GVHD and chronic steroid-refractory GVHD as well as ET, and that brings us to the $2.5 billion to $3 billion guidance that we have given before. In terms of itacitinib, obviously, it would be used mostly in what we're currently studying in treatment-nave acute GVHD and treatment-nave chronic GVHD, and globally, so that is a global product. So, that is separate from our guidance on Jakafi. So, globally for itacitinib, we see about 15,000 patients that would have both treatment-nave acute GVHD and treatment-nave chronic GVHD. And then you can do the numbers from there. And obviously, we haven't done pricing and other forecasts around that. But we know what the opportunity is, it's bigger than the  perhaps the steroid-refractory setting and we'll take advantage of that. Thanks.
Tyler M. Van Buren - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ren Benjamin from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the quarter. Can you talk us, or walk us through kind of your thoughts regarding the data from competitors in terms of pemigatinib and how you're viewing that data in terms of indications perspective where you're actually competing in things like bladder or do you think certain indications are going to be free and clear? And related to that, can you talk about the importance of Foundation Medicine companion diagnostics or companion diagnostics, in general, and how that could impact your uptick?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: It's Steven, I'll go first. Others may want to add to my comments. I think when you start getting more competitors, it's sort of validation of that you're chasing a target, although there is no approved FGFR inhibitor yet but that's recognized as an oncogenic driver, which you have compounds that are active, and you've seen activity data now in cholangiocarcinoma, which is FGFR2 translocated, FGFR3 mutated bladder. And in fact, a myeloproliferative neoplasm that we are studying as well, that's FGFR1 driven through an 8p11 chromosomal translocation. And then potentially other areas where FGFR may be a driver, but it's a little more unclear, because you're often looking at amplification rather than mutations. So, in terms of talking directly about competitors, which I won't do, but it's interesting that the field is as busy as it is. That's encouraging, it's good for patients, and we can learn where others are ahead. And I just gave you the perfect example earlier of the J&J switch with their inhibitor from intermittent to continuous and getting that efficacy bump, which we can clearly learn from and catch up pretty quickly. So, we don't view bladder as gone in any way, we think we have a superb molecule, we're going to do the continuous dosing experiment. As I said, we should finish enrollment sometime next year and we want to be very competitive there with what we think is an excellent compound. In cholangio, our view is we're ahead of everybody else. And as we said with the dataset, we will take it to hopefully a regulatory filing next year. In terms of the companion diagnostic, the way it works from a regulatory point of view is one has to have that attached to your study. We're working with the lead developer in this area, Foundation Medicine, with their test. It's important from the regulatory perspective in getting the study completed, done, and attached to your label. From an uptake point of view, I'll make a clinical comment, and then I don't know if anybody wants to add anything. What happens in the real world thereafter is a bit of a mix, is that people often have local testing available through their centers under CLIA certification in the U.S. or other means in the rest of the world. And as long as it's done appropriately to measure either the FGFR2 translocation or FGFR3, they will often go ahead and treat patients without waiting for the one that's actually per label from an uptake point of view. So  and that's increasingly being done across the globe now in various places. And certainly, once you have a validated pathway with an approved drug, you start seeing testing become routine. So, you can go back 20 years to HER2 in breast cancer and then EGFR in lung, et cetera, et cetera. So, they become routine diagnostic things. So, from a clinical point of view, uptake should sort of in some ways take care of itself. I don't know if anybody else wants to make other comments.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And then just maybe as a quick follow-up or a separate question for Herv, when we think about it from a company perspective, there's this growing franchise of what appears to be non-oncology, and specifically dermatology. And so, how should we be thinking about that going forward? Is this something that is really a focus? Is it something that could be packaged and kind of sold off and monetized? Any sort of thoughts regarding that?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: It's a good question and it's part of  related to an earlier question about the value creation through research and development. I think that's a very good example of a project that we have been working on in general now for more than two years of looking at non-cancer related application of the technology coming from research. So, we have a group of biologists working on that, and it's starting to translate into clinical programs. And these clinical programs are going in many different indications. We have obviously the dermatology group of indications where there are a number of projects but we have also a program in ulcerative colitis, we have a number of pre proof-of-concept small programs trying to establish these products. So, as we get these proof-of-concepts, we will have to make decision on doing the Phase 3 ourselves or to find a partner. In the case of dermatology for atopic derm, and I can say already for vitiligo, we will do the pivotal Phase 3 studies internally. And as we are seeing this data maturing and as we get the result of the Phase 3, that's where we will have decisions to make on how do we plan to do the commercialization for each of these products. At this stage, these decisions have not been made. You can imagine that there are differences depending maybe on the geographies also. So, we are looking at it as Asia, Europe, U.S. And we are looking at it as do we go and do it ourselves, or is it better value for the corporation and the shareholders to do it with a partner? And all of this is up in the air now. We are in the process of identifying and quantifying our options to make sure we choose the one that is the most productive.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Christopher Marai from Nomura Securities. Your line is now live.
Christopher N. Marai - Nomura: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe to follow up more on the topical RUX. So with respect to atopic dermatitis, could you perhaps comment on the potential size of the Phase 3 that you're going to be required to run? And then secondarily, any other safety studies beyond the typical Phase 3 that will be required for that? And then, secondarily on vitiligo, obviously, Phase 2 is ongoing. Is that a registration-worthy trial? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yes, it's Steven. Christopher, thanks for your question. So, on the size of a Phase 3 program for atopic dermatitis, I alluded to it a little earlier. But the FDA requirements on safety are the main driver here. We'd need at least 1,000 patients' worth of data probably across two studies. It could end up being slightly north of that. The good thing is these studies are relatively easy to do and go really quickly, as you just witnessed from the baricitinib atopic dermatitis program. So, there's no concern there. We'll get the right size in and get the right safety database to do that. For vitiligo, we have a very well-constructed proof-of-concept study similar to the way we did atopic derm with the dose ranging, the right control, et cetera. Would that suffice? Your question was on a standalone for regulatory approval. It's somewhat unlikely in the derm space. You usually have to conduct the studies I just mentioned. But given that we will have a large safety database from atopic derm, it's certainly something we would discuss, depending on the results. But just to manage expectations, the likelihood is that we would have to conduct, as Herv said, the vitiligo Phase 3 program to get it across the finish line there. Thanks.
Christopher N. Marai - Nomura: Got it. And then, just a follow-up, thinking on about the commercialization for pemi, it's obviously, as someone else brought up, outside hema onc and in solid tumors. I was just wondering, could you remind us of the option that you have to co-promote capmatinib and how that option to co-promote might work into plans to also commercialize or set up commercialization of pemi? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Herv here. I will answer. On the worldwide basis, we have no intention to go into co-promotion of capmatinib at this stage. I think the contract we have with Novartis on the capmatinib gives them the right to promote it. And so, that's not part of the plan. I would say, on hematology versus oncology, you have  depending on the countries, you have a separation of the two specialties on that. I mean most of them are practicing in the same buildings, in the same hospital. So, you can imagine that there is from hematology commercial organization already synergies for launching an indication in oncology, like for example, cholangiocarcinoma, if it is the first to come up. Cholangiocarcinoma is relatively rare. So, it's an indication where we believe we could fairly easily be promoting it by ourselves in a way that will not involve a very large increase of our sales force. So, depending on other indications that would be coming after cholangiocarcinoma, I think bladder cancer will be a specific different type of customer base, in fact, with some of them being in the urology department. So, we will have to address as we go. My experience with hematology-oncology and the mix of products in both specialties over a number of countries  a large number of countries over a number of years is that there is a lot of ways you can organize it geographically or by specialty, depending on the density of your customer population. And that's probably what we will be doing.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we have one final question from Carter Gould from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Dave, congrats on your retirement. I want to ask on the RUX program in AD, I want to understand better a little bit the stage gate to starting some studies in pediatrics. How do you and I guess FDA feel with the safety profile potentially in that population? And I guess, how critical is that to how you see the value creation opportunity in AD? And then as a follow-up, Herv, I appreciate your comments around the relative spend coming from early-stage programs. Any intention to increase your disclosures around where R&D spend is coming today?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Carter, I'll go first and then Herv will take your second part. It's Steven. So, the RUX program in total will look at patients initially from 12 years of age and above with mild to moderate atopic dermatitis. And that will address the vast majority of that population. In terms of the pediatric set in the 2 to 11-year age gap, per the definition, that is what we are discussing with the FDA at the moment. It's an area we'd like to address. We need to just work out with them what they would consider safe dosing in terms, again, of the therapeutic ratio. And that should follow thereafter. But the program should start initially in ages 12 and above and that will address most of the mild-to-moderate population with which we want to go after with the ruxolitinib cream.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: So, on your question about R&D allocation, obviously I think it's an important question, in fact, because as you can see, there are a lot of aspects of what we do that is very much quantified and rational and based on our projects. And the more clarity we can give on how resources are allocated, I think the better it is. So, we are looking at what is the sort of the norm in our industry. So, we have been looking at how other companies have been giving more clarity on their R&D allocation and we will be considering doing some of that or all of it in the future when  at the time we are reporting next year.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Thank you for your time today, for your questions. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor and medical conferences including at ASH. But for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you and good-bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webinar. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Peter Langmuir - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jay Olson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tyler M. Van Buren - Piper Jaffray & Co. Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mike.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. Steven is not able to join us this morning as he is currently recovering after a bicycling accident this weekend. So, I'm joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Reid and Dave who will deliver our prepared remarks and by Peter Langmuir and Lance Leopold from our chemical group, who will participate as needed in the Q&A session. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2018 guidance, the commercialization of our products and the development plans for the compound in our pipeline as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to deliver materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. We'll now begin the call with Herv.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So, on slide 4, I'd start with the growth of the organization and the financial strength. So, we have continued our strong start to 2018 in the second quarter by delivering 29% year-on-year growth in product-related revenues. This dynamic top line growth is driven by four sources of revenue, where second quarter sales of Jakafi increased 25% over last year and Iclusig grew by 27% year-over-year. Royalties increased by 61% over the same period last year as we begin to see the effect of Olumiant commercialization in addition to the strong ongoing performance of Jakavi ex-U.S. Today, we reported a balance of cash and equivalent of $1.2 billion, which allows us to progress our portfolio while affording us the flexibility to be opportunistic in business development. Our reported cash balance at the end of June does not include the recently triggered $100 million milestone from Lilly following the U.S. approval of Olumiant for RA. Moving to slide 5, Jakafi and Jakavi have already provided significant benefits to thousands of MPN patients and maintaining our leadership position in MPN is allowing the imperative for Incyte as we seek to drive additional benefit in this patient population. We believe there are multiple avenues that we might be able to pursue to expand our leadership position in MPNs beyond the next decade. We are already working on new potential formulation for ruxolitinib monotherapy. We are assessing ruxolitinib-based combination strategy and we're also working internally and with collaborators on MPN targets beyond JAK inhibition. An example of our approach to ruxolitinib-based combination is our ongoing trial evaluating ruxolitinib plus 50465. We have recently presented preliminary data for this combination, which showed that adding a delta inhibitor to ruxolitinib could bring additional benefits for refractory MF patients and we have also filed patent application for this doublet that would, if granted, provide additional patent protection for this treatment of myelofibrosis patients. Slide 6 illustrates our vision for Incyte in the future, which is led by our diverse development portfolio with multiple candidates being evaluated in later-stage clinical trials. We have several near-term opportunities such as ruxolitinib and itacitinib in GVHD and our FGFR inhibitor in cholangiocarcinoma and bladder cancer. That, if approved, has the potential to add meaningfully to our top line growth in the next few years. Looking a little further out, we are pursuing later-stage compounds across a total of 15 new indication and our earlier-stage portfolio could also provide us with additional important optionality. I'm confident that we have the right team in the appropriate geographies to deliver transformational revenue growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Jakafi continues to perform very well with net product revenue of $346 million in the second quarter of 2018, representing growth of 25% over the same period last year. Sales continued to be driven by robust prescription demand and in the second quarter, we saw a year-on-year increase of approximately 16% in total patients being treated with Jakafi. We are very happy with our sales performance in 2018 to-date and are pleased to reiterate our Jakafi net product revenue guidance for the full year of 2018, which is a range of $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion. Following the positive REACH1 result we announced last month, we are preparing the sNDA submission to the FDA, seeking approval for Jakafi as a treatment for patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD. The sNDA is expected to be submitted before the end of the third quarter. We have breakthrough designation from the FDA, which we expect to provide us with a shorter review period. If approved, we will be ready to launch Jakafi in this new indication immediately. Our field force has already been optimally sized and structured in anticipation of approval and the map on the left hand of slide 9 shows the areas where we will be focusing our efforts should approval be granted. Allogeneic stem cell transplants are largely concentrated across the top centers in the United States. For example, the top 10 centers by volume conduct nearly 30% of transplants and the top 50 centers, which are shown here, conduct about 70% of transplants. Our team is currently preparing for this potential launch by developing robust plans for these key accounts as well as appropriately engaging with payers and reimbursement authorities for coverage upon launch. I'll now pass the call over to Reid for an update on our portfolio.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to use my time today to briefly touch on some of the important takeaways from our recent Investor & Analyst Event as a means of summarizing progress across the development portfolio. We continue to work hard to satisfy the needs of MPN patients. We're addressing this through both discovery and development initiatives and have also partnered with key academic centers and companies in order to extend our efforts. The objectives here are to improve patient outcomes, reduce disease burden and, where possible, improve hematologic tolerability. Our collaborations with Syros, Moffitt and Vanderbilt seek to discover new targets and new combinations that may yield benefits to patients and we are already aiming to improve outcomes through ongoing clinical trials of ruxolitinib-based combinations. Last month, we shared some early but interesting data from the ongoing ruxolitinib plus PI3Kinase-delta trial in refractory MF patients and we look forward to sharing additional data from this and other combinations when available. PI3Kinase-delta inhibition is a potent therapeutic mechanism with the potential for broad application across multiple diseases. At our Investor event in June, we touched on multiple areas where 50465 could provide benefit to patients, both as monotherapy and in combination with other agents. Slide 12 highlights two of our later-stage programs in oncology. Firstly and as part of the COMFORT clinical trial program, evaluating ruxolitinib-based combinations in MPNs, we are testing ruxolitinib in combination with 50465 in patients with refractory myelofibrosis. We presented early data from 10 patients last month which showed that most patients had improvements in both spleen lengths and in their disease-related symptoms. Updated data are expected later this year. The CITADEL program is evaluating 50465 monotherapy in follicular lymphoma, marginal zone lymphoma and mantle cell lymphoma. In Phase 1, we were encouraged to see rapid, deep and durable responses in these three diseases, but we also observed immune-related and likely on-target toxicities after several months of therapy. We have since adjusted the dosing regimen, which appears to enable patients to remain on therapy and hence continue to benefit from the potent activity of the molecule. We look forward to sharing these data as they become available. In June, we announced that REACH1, the pivotal trial of ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease met its primary endpoint. This trial is important for a number of reasons. First, it is the only prospectively designed pivotal trial of a JAK inhibitor in graft-versus-host disease to be completed. And second, these positive data add to the growing body of knowledge of the benefit of the inhibition of JAKs in GVHD. We are working with Novartis to recruit patients into REACH2 and REACH3, the two ongoing pivotal trials of ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute and steroid-refractory chronic graft-versus-host disease respectively. At the same time, we are also recruiting patients into the GRAVITAS program, which is evaluating itacitinib, our JAK1 selective inhibitor, in newly diagnosed GVHD patients. REACH2, REACH3 and GRAVITAS-301 are all expected to read out next year. On slide 14, we summarize the clinical trial schema for our FGFR inhibitor, which is now known as pemigatinib. Last month, we presented initial data from the FIGHT-202 trial in FGFR2 mutated cholangiocarcinoma. These results showed a disease control rate of 82% and an objective response rate of 24%, which included 11 PRs as well as a 6.8-month median progression-free survival. With second-line chemotherapy, generating an objective response rate of less than 10% and a PFS of approximately three months, we are excited about the potential impact of this compound in this setting. Should the data warrant, we are planning to file an NDA with the FDA in 2019. Therefore, pemigatinib has the potential to be the first selective FGFR inhibitor approved in cholangiocarcinoma. As previously announced, we are also planning to adjust the FIGHT-201 study in FGFR3 mutated bladder cancer to include a continuous dosing arm. We expect that this regimen may enable a greater degree of patient benefit and data from the continuous dosing cohort are expected next year. FIGHT-201 may support an initial regulatory submission in the U.S. for second-line patients and our ultimate intention is to develop pemigatinib as a first-line treatment for patients with FGFR mutated bladder cancer. Development plans for our PD-1 inhibitor are detailed here on slide 15. We have completed recruitment into dose escalation and initial dose expansions and recently declared our intent to run three registration-directed development efforts. The cohort of patients with microsatellite instability-high endometrial cancer will be further expanded at a 500-milligram every four-week dosing schedule. And in addition, we are planning to open Phase 2 studies in merkel cell carcinoma and anal cancer later this year. We're also planning to evaluate 012 in a number of combination settings. Leveraging our own portfolio, we are planning combination studies with both small and large molecules. We expect that having an in-house PD-1 antagonist will speed our decision-making and could obviate the need to either buy supply from a third party and/or to share any plans or data with them. By capitalizing on our drug discovery and immunology expertise, Incyte is establishing a specialty-focused business in inflammation and autoimmunity. Following positive Phase 2 data of ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis, which are expected to be presented at the EADV meeting later in September, we are currently preparing to initiate a pivotal trial in this indication. Additionally, a Phase 2 trial in patients with vitiligo is ongoing and we expect to be able to announce data from this trial in 2019. We believe that 54707 is a differentiated JAK inhibitor due to its selectivity as well as its longer half-life compared to ruxolitinib or itacitinib. We've initially chosen to study 54707 in hidradenitis suppurativa, which is an inflammatory skin disease characterized by lesions in the axilla, in the groin and under the breast area as a result of inflammation and infection of the sweat glands. Lastly, we are interested in studying delta inhibition across a variety of B-cell mediated and antibody-driven diseases outside of oncology. We feel that there's a potential to differentiate from CD20 antibodies based upon the mechanism of action and the ability for reversible suppression versus long-lasting depletion. We expect to begin proof-of-concept clinical trial work later this year. Slide 17 shows our full portfolio, illustrating our three drug discovery platforms on the left, our four sources of revenue on the right and our robust group of post proof-of-concept assets in the later-stage portfolio. While most investor focus is rightly on these later-stage molecules, it's also important to recognize that the optionality inherent in our earlier-stage portfolio. I won't go through each molecule, but I will say that we are pleased with the progress that these programs are making. As expected, our LAG-3 antagonists recently entered dose escalation trials and both TIM-3 and AXL/MER are slated to enter the clinic in the coming months. We continue to make data-driven clinical decisions, being prepared to terminate programs as we have done recently with both JAK1 and AML and our BRD program, while also being prepared to make rapid go-forward decisions where appropriate. I'll now pass the call along to Dave to review the financials.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Reid, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to our press release. Our financial performance in the second quarter was very strong. We recorded $522 million of total revenue on a GAAP basis. This was comprised of $346 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $20 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $47 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis, $9 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly and $100 million of contract revenues from the milestone earned from Lilly for the FDA's approval of Olumiant. Total revenue for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis were $422 million and exclude the $100 million milestone from Lilly. Second quarter Jakafi net sales of $346 million represents 25% growth over the same period last year. In second quarter, Jakavi royalties of $47 million represents 39% growth over the same period last year. Our gross net adjustment for the quarter was approximately 13% and we expect that gross net adjustment for full year 2018 will be approximately 14%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $19 million on a non-GAAP basis. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig and the payment of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $253 million on a non-GAAP basis, primarily driven by clinical development programs. The $13 million decrease in non-GAAP R&D expense in the first to second quarter is primarily due to lower costs associated with our epacadostat program. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $96 million on a non-GAAP basis, which is lower than the first quarter due to donations to independent charitable foundations, which typically decline as the year progresses. Moving on to non-operating items, we recorded GAAP to non-GAAP net interest income of $6 million in the second quarter. Our net income for the second quarter on a non-GAAP basis was $57 million. Looking at our year-to-date results, our net income on a non-GAAP basis was $54 million. A quick comment on the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $1.2 billion in cash and marketable securities, excluding the $100 million milestone from Lilly for Olumiant, which we expect to receive in the third quarter. We expect to end the year with a slightly higher level of cash and marketable securities. Slide 23 provides a summary reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP metrics. As I mentioned, a more detailed reconciliation is provided in this morning's press release. The next slide provides a summary of our current financial guidance, which is largely unchanged from the prior quarter. And Herv will now conclude our prepared remarks by summarizing our upcoming expected newsflow.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Dave. So, slide 26 summarizes our current expectation for data readout over the remainder of the year. First, we are expecting Phase 2 data from ruxolitinib topical cream in mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis to be presented in September at EADV. And we are expecting to report additional pemigatinib data in patients with cholangiocarcinoma and bladder cancer at ESMO. Later in the second half of 2018, we are expecting to present the REACH1 data for ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease as well as updated data from the study evaluating 50465 in combination with ruxolitinib in patients with refractory myelofibrosis. I'll close with our exciting schedule of protected regulatory submission in the coming years. We have the potential to submit a total of six product candidates for approval in up to 15 indication over the next five years. And while we have a lot of work to do to execute on this plan, we are encouraged by the data we have shared with you so far and we look forward to sharing additional data and updates from our program as they evolve. In the second quarter, we delivered strong product revenue growth and I believe that we are very well positioned from both a revenue and clinical perspective to build sustainable value for all our stakeholders. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instruction and open the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer sessions. Our first question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan Chase. Your line is now live.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Two of them for you. I guess first one, I wanted to ask about the combination work you're doing in MPN, so bigger picture. So, in addition to providing an improved option for your existing patients, do you believe this also opens up a material number of new patients to your therapies while also, I guess, potentially extending your overall runway? I guess I'm getting at how much of this market remains untapped at this point and how far do you think you could possibly extend that runway? And then, I have one follow-up.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Sure, Cory. It's Barry. So, we think that we could, in fact, extend the duration of therapy for patients who are on Jakafi by combining with some of our pipeline products, like our delta product, for example, where patients who are getting an inadequate response perhaps to Jakafi or are progressing on Jakafi could now be recovered and get a better spleen response in MF. So, we could certainly stay on for a longer duration of therapy and perhaps even provide them significant improvement, maybe even survival advantage for those patients if we can complete these studies with PI3K-delta, itacitinib and so forth.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Cory, maybe I can add something. I mean the big picture here is that, obviously, Jakafi is the only FDA-approved product there for MF and PV. We believe there is still a lot of progress that could be made and we see, for us, as the leader in this field, an opportunity to expand the duration of treatment, as Barry was describing, potentially to provide an option for patients where today there is no option after Jakafi failure or where patients cannot be treated with Jakafi. And all of that together, as we are looking at new targets, as we are looking at fixed-dose combinations, as we are looking at new formulations, is going to give us a position that will expand potentially our leadership in MPN beyond the Jakafi single-agent option that is available today.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Great. And then, my second question is for Reid. You mentioned with regard to your FGFR program or pemigatinib, I think, you're calling it that you would file in 2019 should that data warrant. I guess I'm wondering what else you need to see in the data beyond what's been disclosed or maybe what kind of feedback you need from KOLs and/or regulators to move ahead with that filing. Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Cory, for the question. This is Reid. I'm going to hand it over to Peter for him to address the regulatory activities around FGFR.
Peter Langmuir - Incyte Corp.: So, good morning. Thank you for your question. Basically, what we've seen so far from the cholangiocarcinoma data, interim data, so basically we need to complete recruitment to that cohort of 100 patients, evaluate the final response rate and then, importantly, look at the overall duration of response in these patients as well. So, that's sort of the main totality of the data that we'll need to support a potential file next year.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, first question is around Jakafi and itacitinib. Just given you've got both these drugs targeting acute and steroid-refractory populations, how big do you think this GVH opportunity could really be?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Well, so, for Jakafi, at least in the United States, obviously Novartis is going for the approvals outside the United States for steroid-refractory acute and chronic GVHD. In the United States, for Jakafi, for the acute and chronic, we estimate the steroid-refractory population is about 1,500 patients apiece. For the steroid-nave patients with GVHD globally, at least in the major markets, Japan, the United States and Europe, it's about 15,000 patients. So, depending on duration of therapy, you can imagine  you can calculate what the Jakafi value would be for GVHD, steroid-refractory GVHD and then, for itacitinib, it's a much larger opportunity for us.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And then, just in terms of topical ruxolitinib, I know we're going to get an update at EADV coming up. What additional data are we going to get versus the EASI score and the IGA responder analysis that you provided at the Analyst Day?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Salveen. This is Reid. So, we'll have a more complete description of all the trial results. That includes those scores over time. There's some other scoring indices that are used in this space. We'll describe those. We'll be describing, I think, many of the components, parts of those scores, which are important to patients and give you a sense of overall safety across the topical ruxolitinib as it relates to increasing dose versus both the vehicle cream and the triamcinolone cream. I think you'll have a good perspective coming out of that of the potential of the drug in the mild-to-moderate patient indication as well as the safety profile.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now live.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a high-level pricing question. So, in 2017, you took two price increase of 6% each for Jakafi. In your $2.5 billion to $3 billion peak sale guide or estimate, how much price increase did you bake in and do you think that's realistic in today's environment? And then, secondly, maybe for the clinical side, on PI3K-delta program, given the data you have observed so far in the Phase 2 program, how differentiated do you think this compound is from existing PI3K drug such as Zydelig in toxicity? Thank you.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: So, thanks, Ying. It's Barry. I'll take the first question. And going forward, we don't talk about, or we've never talked about our strategy around price increases, but you can still figure for modest price increases going forward.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. And Ying, this is Reid. I'll take your question around PI3Kinase-delta. We've described this a few times. 50465 is a very potent molecule and has a structure that is quite distinct from idelalisib. And one of the important features that that structural modification has made is it's eliminated or significantly minimized any hepatotoxicity risk. And as you know, that's been a characteristic liability for idelalisib. It tends to occur over the first few months of dosing and leads to a discontinuation rate and a dose attenuation rate. We've yet to see that and we think that's a testament to the structural modifications, the molecule  that's been made to the molecule. Second, the tolerability around on-target toxicities that tend to occur later in dosing and these are typically GI toxicities manifesting as nausea and diarrhea and are believed to relate to an alleviation of immune suppression in the gut, just through chronic PI3Kinase-delta inhibition. So, what the team has done, I think in a very clever way, very nicely is constructed an induction and a maintenance regimen where patients are treated at a reasonably high dose over the first two months of therapy and generally patients are brought into response during that time period. And then thereafter, they're shifted to a dose or a schedule attenuated regimen and that allows them, we think, to maintain response, but be able to tolerate the therapy long term. So, I'd say in sum, the differentiation comes both from the intrinsic properties of the molecule, but importantly also from the way that the team has gone about constructing this dosing schedule and developing the drug up to this point.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Katherine Xu from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. Just wondering what catalysts from the pipeline you think could move the needle to improve investor sentiments, especially following the epacadostat setbacks. So, the other question, for Reid, for the PI3K-delta inhibitor, can you comment on the activity in ibrutinib failures? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Maybe I can take the first part and Reid can also comment on the catalyst question. You can see from the product portfolio, the way it's developing, that there is a lot of attention given to GVHD. We have the largest program in the field. It has a lot of potential from the medical standpoint to literally transform the practice of medicine in this field, because it's a very important curative procedure for cancer patients and the largest drawback is GVHD. And we think by transforming that, it can have obviously a positive effect for patients, but also it can create a meaningful opportunity in term of top line growth for Incyte and we have short-term ruxolitinib ongoing with a filing in the next few weeks and then, we have obviously itacitinib data that will be available next year. So, that's important. I would say, I mean if you look at our FGFR inhibitor, our PI3Kinase-delta, we spoke about it, it has as a lot of different dimensions. It can go in multiple directions. And then, something that we have just disclosed, which is our efforts outside of oncology, so it's starting with atopic dermatitis, but it has a number of other indications where we are doing now at the clinical research and in the case of atopic dermatitis, we are planning to be in Phase 3 in the next few months and that can also have a very meaningful effect on our revenue growth over the next few years. So, it is a situation where there are multiple opportunities, meaningful opportunities for Incyte with relatively short-term newsflow that would be driving the strategy there. So, that's really the way we are looking at it. I don't know, Reid, if you have any additional...
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: No. I'll take your second question on the delta inhibitor. So, in short, we are studying both patient populations, both those that are nave to ibrutinib and those that have progressed on ibrutinib or prior BTKs. I would say up till this point, the data are relatively limited. So, I can't say too much other than to make the point and I think we've presented this in prior meetings that we have seen in responses post-ibrutinib, as you know that can sometimes be a very acute situation in those patients that progress  often progress with some very aggressive disease. But we have noted some clinical benefit and even responses in those patients, in both the marginal zone lymphoma as well as the mantle cell lymphoma trials that are ongoing as part of the CITADEL program. We are including patients that were previously treated either with or without a BTK inhibitor. So, I think as those data mature, we'll be able to make a more definitive statement as to what the potential is for PI3Kinase-delta inhibition post-ibrutinib.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I have two, mostly on the pipeline. For rux for GVHD, I wanted to ask about the strategy of filing on REACH1, does this speak to the unmet need or do you think it's worth it to wait for a stronger profile when you have REACH2 data or even waiting for chronic patient data with REACH3? And then, I have one follow up on FGF.
Peter Langmuir - Incyte Corp.: So, good morning. This is Peter Langmuir again. Our feeling is that the data from REACH1 clearly identify a benefit and meet the unmet need in patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD. And so, our goal is to file on those data. The REACH2 study is obviously a larger study in the same setting comparing versus best available therapy that's being conducted in rest of world. But again, we believe that the REACH1 data provide compelling evidence of activity in this setting. The REACH3 study is being conducted in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD. So, that's a different, though, related disease and we hope that that will be a separate file later on once we have data from that study.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, on FGF and bladder, can you guys talk about the opportunities for differentiation that you see thus far with erdafitinib, this J&J's product? And how much of a leading indicator do you think that cholangio could ultimately be when you look to the bladder on things like response rates?
Peter Langmuir - Incyte Corp.: So, the bladder work is still ongoing. As we've reported, we have some interim analysis data looking at an intermittent dosing schedule and we're now moving to a continuous dosing schedule to try to improve the outcomes in those patients with bladder cancer. So, we'll need to wait for the data from that, which will be available next year to see how we differentiate from J&J. But in cholangiocarcinoma, as we talked about the interim data look promising and so if those data continue to look promising and we're able to show a good durability responses, we have the potential for being first-in-class in cholangiocarcinoma.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: And, Geoff, just to add little bit on the molecules, I think the selectivity profile of pemigatinib, it's a little bit cleaner across the isoforms, particularly for FGFR4. That may minimize any diarrhea or nausea risk that could come from spillover to that isoform. So, we'll have to see how the safety profiles emerge over time. That's probably a little bit of a subtlety in the safety profile, but one that could be meaningful for patients, especially if you think about ultimately this class of agents moving to the first-line setting. As Peter said, I think we have a very good chance to be first-in-class in cholangiocarcinoma. We're very excited about that. It's a meaningful opportunity in an area of unmet need. And I think we're probably a little bit behind in bladder cancer, but with the movement to continuous dosing, we have every reason to believe that the merits of pemigatinib as a high-quality molecule will show at the end of the day when we get the full efficacy and safety data in.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Oh, hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I had a question about the GVHD launch preparations. You mentioned that you've been having some preliminary meetings with payers. Can you just talk about sort of feedback from payers that you've gotten from those meetings? And then I have a pipeline question.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Sure. This is Barry. We had some market research with payers. We've had some advisory boards with payers. And we have to take a lot of time to explain GVHD both acute and chronic steroid-refractory, steroid-nave patient populations. But once they understand that this is an unmet medical need and a very limited patient population, we don't see any barriers that would be put in place with payers  from payers.
Jay Olson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then, just to follow up on pemigatinib in bladder cancer, since PD-1 antibodies are not recommended in the first-line setting for PD-1 low bladder cancer patients, do you know what percent of bladder cancer patients with FGFR3 mutations are also PD-L1 low or negative?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. This is Reid. So, it's almost a mutually exclusive population. So, patients with FGFR3 mutations are translocation. So, that's the patient population that we would be targeting with pemigatinib. About 85% of those patients are either PD-L1 low or negative. It's only a minority of 10% or 15% of patients that actually have PD-L1 high status. Obviously, that has bearing for how we think about moving into the first-line setting and what kind of trial design. You can imagine some interesting dynamics that you just referred to as we now learn from regulators across the globe that the PD-1 axis blockade is not recommended for those patients. So, I think that gives us some opportunities, but we haven't finalized any specific plans there, but we hope to share those details with you once they become available.
Jay Olson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on all the progress and I wanted to just pass along my best wishes to Steven for a speedy recovery. A couple of early-stage pipeline questions, maybe for Reid. Wondering if you could provide any update on the partnered bispecifics programs and how those are progressing. And then, we also noticed you recently have been filing a number of patents for a set of oral PD-L1 inhibitors with some interesting mechanistic and preclinical data. Just wondering if you might be able to comment on the status of that program, when it might enter the clinic and perhaps how it might be differentiated from the anti-PD-1 antibodies. Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Brian. This is Reid. Thanks for the questions. So, I'll take your second one first in terms of the patents that you referred to looking at PD-L1 binders. So, you are correct. We do have a series of patents that are out there that are available on the web. As you well know, we don't comment on our preclinical stage research. So, I would leave it at that. I will say, though, with respect to our small molecule efforts as well as Merus the first part of your question, we're very excited by the near-term products and our later-stage preclinical pipeline. And I think as we get through the coming months and quarters, I think we'll have a few new agents that we'll be able to talk to you more about and describe. That will include both the small molecule as well as the first bispecific coming from the Merus partnership. Both  the Merus effort is just over a year old now and I'll say that it's a very healthy collaboration. We have a robust pipeline of preclinical-stage programs moving forward, one of which is nearing the IND stage. And I think it's living up to all the hope and potential that we had going into the relationship and I think, for us, going forward, it's an area of significant innovation and kind of creative white space that we can access new pharmacology that otherwise wouldn't be able to be achieved through small molecule means or even through standard monoclonal antibody methodology.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Carter Gould from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first off, you touched a little bit on it earlier, but I was hoping you maybe just zero in a little bit more how you guys are thinking about the clinical, the hurdle for 465 plus rux and sort of, I guess, the hurdle for moving that into a Phase 3 study, specifically on spleen volume and total symptom score. And then, separately, for Herv and David, just your latest thoughts on how you guys are thinking about the importance of demonstrating EPS growth from here. I know during the epacadostat days, you were more willing to circulate (41:27) investment, but maybe just now how that thinking has changed, particularly now as you've shifted clearly into profitability again? Thank you.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Carter, this is Reid. So, I'll start and Peter may have some things to add on 50465 plus ruxolitinib. That trial design is studying patients who are refractory to ruxolitinib in the first-line setting. So, these are patients that have had at least six months of dosing with ruxolitinib, have been on a stable dose for eight weeks and still, unfortunately, have either a palpable spleen or a significant disease-related symptom. And so, you can imagine that's an area of unmet need right now. Fortunately, rux is a fairly-effective drug and it's not an incredibly common situation, but when it is, we'd like to be able to bring to those patients a novel treatment. Obviously, that has the benefit not only if the patient is being able to rescue their response, as Barry put it earlier, but also to be able to extend the treatment duration of ruxolitinib. That doesn't preclude taking a signal there and even considering it into the first-line setting. If you have a meaningful benefit with a doublet, it's, of course, an interesting clinical question as to whether or not an upfront treatment that may be a more idealized treatment approach and that's something that we would certainly pursue as well as a registration path on the second-line setting, should we have an actionable signal. I'll let Peter comment if he wants to. It doesn't look like he does. So, I'll turn it over to the next question.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: So, the next question, I'll take the first part. Herv will take the second part. But in terms of EPS, we did mention and gave our guidance today. If you take the guidance and run it through your model, you'll see that our non-GAAP basis will be between $225 million and $250 million net income. Obviously, that means that Q3 and Q4 will be slightly higher than the Q2 non-GAAP net income. We really haven't talked much, Carter, about what EPS would be next year. We'll give guidance on that, but obviously we're still going to make substantial investments in the pipeline next year. So, I wouldn't expect that you're going to see a big amount of growth. And Herv has some more comments on that.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: No. I just wanted to reiterate the sort of the principles we are following. One is that fast growth of our top line, because that's really what's driving our ability to develop the portfolio to ensure that the corporation will continue to grow fast over the next years ahead of us. And that principle applied to the IDO program where we were investing and planning to invest to create the leadership position there. And we would apply the same thing to the programs coming from our portfolio when we see the opportunity. So, today, we have a number of Phase 3 studies ongoing, some of them were in the GVHD. We spoke about cholangiocarcinoma. We have a program that we are planning in bladder cancer, obviously with the FGF. We have a number of programs at that stage of development and as the portfolio is maturing, if we see opportunity, we will certainly invest in them to make sure that we realize the potential for this project. So, that's sort of the driver. At the end of the day, over a long period of time, the goal is to have multiple growth driver for the top line and to be able to be in a position where we would be profitable in a sustainable way and that's really a direction that we will be following in a window of two to three years.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen & Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, yes. Thanks for taking my questions. First on the FGFR, just the data expectations moving forward, in the past, you've mentioned a 20% kind of hurdle that the FDA wants to see in response rate with reasonable durability in cholangio. Can you talk about what you think the FDA wants in bladder cancer to see? And then, kind of related to that, how big of a differential do you think is acceptable  is not necessarily differentiated versus  or to say either on the downside that you guys are still close enough to compete or on the upside that you're not a meaningful difference between the two of you?
Peter Langmuir - Incyte Corp.: Hi. Good morning. This is Peter Langmuir again. I think for bladder cancer, we don't have a clear hurdle that we need to be at. Obviously, erdafitinib has showed data so far around 40% response rate. So, we'd like, with our continuous dosing, to get up to that range. I think, clearly, there's the potential we may be differentiated on our safety profile. So, potentially there could be differentiation there if the response rates are similar, but we can show a better safety profile, but obviously, we'll have to wait for the data to come out with that. So, we should have data from that continuous dosing schedule by next year.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, maybe for Barry on pemigatinib, just can you talk about the kind of sales infrastructure, your thoughts are there, what you're going to need for cholangio and maybe if any of that process has started yet, where things stand?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Well, that's a good question. We have 125 sales reps in the field now. Many of the customers they call on currently treat both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. So, we actually think we have a sales force in place that could actually handle cholangiocarcinoma, a relatively small patient population. But we do have plans to increase both on our medical affairs side and maybe on the commercial side our understanding of the diagnostic market, so that we know exactly how to communicate to the healthcare professionals that are taking care of these cholangiocarcinoma patients of what testing they need to do and how to get that done quickly.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, one last one for you, Barry. As you've started to do this market research in acute GVHD, in our checks, we've heard about a fair amount of off-label use in this refractory setting. So, I mean do you see much of a immediate growth opportunity or is this really laying the groundwork for the earlier lines of therapy that will come ultimately with the other REACH studies and the GRAVITAS studies reading out?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: There is spontaneous use in both acute and chronic GVHD of Jakafi today, but we do think that with the approval and with any barriers removed from payers, there is a significant opportunity in even the steroid-refractory patient population.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Peter Lawson from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. David, just you had a nice beat on Jakafi this quarter. Anything in that beat over second half around pricing, volume, competition that kind of held you back from raising guidance?
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Well, so the top end of our guidance is $80 million more than what we sold in the first half. So, we had $660 million in the first half and if we get towards the top-end of our guidance, that's another $80 million. That's 12% growth. We still think that  half-over-half, we still think that's very nice. So, there's nothing that's holding us back. We just think that's a prudent guidance to remain in place for today.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And how should we think about pricing going forward? So, kind of in this kind of price sensitized world, how should we think about moderate pricing and how should we think about growth as it (49:34) moves in to other indications?
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: We think that we've been prudent in our pricing in the past and moving forward, we will continue to do that. Jakafi is in the same price range as other oral cancer drugs that provides the benefit to patients that we believe Jakafi provides to patients and in fact, we're actually below the median or average price of oral cancer drugs. So, we think the innovation, the fact that we're the only drug approved for myelofibrosis, the only drug approved for polycythemia vera and potentially the first drug approved in acute steroid-refractory graft-versus-host disease and hopefully the first drugs approved in other areas of graft-versus-host disease that our price currently represents the value that Jakafi brings to these patients.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask just one on the PI3K program. Can you just talk about, given that all these are monotherapy studies and you've talked about them being potentially registrationable, what's sort of the response rate bar that you need to be able to file these and how are you thinking about that? Thanks.
Peter Langmuir - Incyte Corp.: Hi. Good morning. Peter Langmuir again. So, we don't have a specific hurdle necessarily, because I think a lot of it is also going to be related to the long-term tolerability and ability to sustain responses over a long duration. So, clearly, we're going to look at this in the context of other therapies, but, again, it's an overall risk benefit profile that will be important when we're looking at this compound in monotherapy.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tyler Van Buren from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now live.
Tyler M. Van Buren - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess I want to ask a question on fedratinib. Celgene continues to talk about the potential for it to compete in the first-line setting. In the past, you all said that you're quite confident that they're going to stay in ruxo failure. So, just wanted to hear you maybe reiterate your confidence that they won't compete in the first-line setting anytime soon or perhaps asked another way, what would they need to show in the first line in future studies in order to compete in your opinion?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Tyler. This is Reid. I'll start and I'll turn it over to Barry for some additional comments. We know quite a bit from the presented and published data for fedratinib in terms of its overall profile and it is a potent JAK2 inhibitor. I think one of the liabilities that it has shown is in its safety profile and that likely comes from off-target kinase inhibition. Significant rates of GI toxicity are probably the most prominent for patients and I think that obviously would be a headwind for any drug moving into the first-line setting when you have an established agent without that liability in place for multiple years. There's also, I think, the possibility for a Wernicke's risk that is, at least to my mind, still not fully characterized, but certainly present in the Phase 3 data set. So, we'll have to see how updated analyses there look. But from a profile standpoint, I don't think it has, in anyway, the safety profile that you would want for a first-line agent to be able to compete effectively with Jakafi. And I'll let Barry describe more from the commercial perspective, his thoughts around that.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. So, the only thing I could add is we've heard what Celgene has said about submitting their NDA by the end of the year. Maybe they can get a second-line approval and if that is beneficial for patients who, for some reason, no longer are on Jakafi, that would be a good thing. But the safety profile so far, as Reid said, both in the first and second-line setting seems to be problematic. If they were to, someday, get an approval in the first-line setting in terms of competing in the marketplace, I think that we would be not concerned about that since the safety profile and the efficacy of Jakafi has been proven in tens of thousands of patients around the world.
Tyler M. Van Buren - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks for that. And just as a second question, Herv, in the release, you mentioned later-stage development portfolio that may accelerate the growth in the near term and there were some exciting data at the Investor Day and we'll continue to see more through the end of the year. But if you look at slide 27, it suggests that some of the larger opportunities and some of these exciting programs won't really launch until 2020 or 2021. So, I guess, as you think about near-term acceleration of growth, other than the pipeline, is there anything else that maybe investors should keep in mind, perhaps leveraging the ex-U.S. oncology infrastructure? Are there any potential, smaller near-term accretive deals that could be interesting?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yes, absolutely. I mean, as we said, I mean we have a position where we have some cash in the balance sheet. So, we have the optionality business development and as we have done over the past years, we are always looking at the potential opportunities. Now, there is nothing today I can tell you on what's coming up, but we are looking at complementing what we have from our own pipeline if any opportunity looks attractive enough to justify the cost.
Tyler M. Van Buren - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from coming from Ren Benjamin from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the progress. Maybe one for Barry in GVHD. Can you talk a little bit about any sort of competitive analysis you have regarding the ibrutinib launch in GVHD? And you talked about rightsizing the field force. Can you provide a little bit more color? Are there people that are just designated for these transplant centers or are people splitting their duties? How does that really work? And switching gears to Reid really quick, when you talk about the FGF program, can you provide a little bit more color, just explanation regarding the selection and cut-off parameters that you're using and what you're learning there? And if I can squeeze one last one, an IP question regarding the current IP for Jakafi and the potential extensions. Thanks, guys.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Okay. So, Ren, I'll start. So, as far as ibrutinib goes in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD, to be honest, any market research that we have or talking to external experts currently who are treating GVHD, they don't have much use for ibrutinib in that setting. So, the uptick doesn't seem to be that strong. As far as our sales force goes, we have an arrangement where we have 82 territories and then we have another 40 people that overlap those 82 territories. So, essentially, we have 1.5 persons. So, we call one group oncology territory specialists and the other group oncology area specialists. So, the oncology area specialists are going to be concentrating on those top centers that we highlighted during my presentations. So, they'll be trained more deeply in GVHD and in how Jakafi works to help patients with chronic and acute GVHD. So, anyway, that's how we're handling it. So, they're assigned to these particular centers. And just remember that more than 50% of these docs that are transplanters, we're already familiar with, because they're already treating myelofibrosis in some way. So, I'll turn it over to Reid.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Got it.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Ren. So, I'll take your last few questions. In terms of FGFR and patient selection, FGFR can be activated through amplification, through a point mutation or through translocation and all three have shown to be oncogenic in patients. It turns out that in cholangiocarcinoma and bladder cancer, the two areas that we're focusing on, FGFR is activated through mutations and translocations and we can identify those through sequencing. And so, we're using foundation medicine as our platform for identifying those events. And so, just through deep sequencing, you either have it or you don't. If you have the mutation or translocation that activates the gene, then you're enrolled in the trial. So, that would be akin to any ALK or BRAF inhibitor development and you would expect to see that in a label, of course. In terms of the IP, as you know, the late 2027 is the earliest exploration for compositional matter for the ruxolitinib patent. The cream could go several years beyond that, perhaps to the early-30s, 2031. And anything else on combinations whether they'd be with delta or other agents and whether they are discrete agents or fixed-dose combinations would all be predicated on what that IP estate  how that IP estate evolves, but would be anticipated to have the potential to go well beyond that.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Herv for any further closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you. Thank you all for your time today and for your questions. So, we look forward to seeing some of you at the upcoming investor and medical conferences. But, for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webinar. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Zemansky - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jay Olson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Christopher N. Marai - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I am joined on the call today my Herv, Barry, Steven, Dave, and Reed. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2018 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and the development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for his introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So there is much to be excited about for the future at Incyte with our fast-growing revenue line, late-stage pipeline of compounds that could lead to new marketed products in the next several years, and an earlier stage portfolio of having multiple opportunities for the longer term. That said, it's definitely been a tough few weeks from a news flow standpoint and I would like to briefly share my perspective as we begin today's call. Epacadostat was a pioneering development program and what is true in the biology did not translate into a benefit in patients with advanced melanoma. We have been working efficiently with investigators and our partners to downsize the ECHO program, while still allowing us to ask the right scientific question, but in a much smaller program. Steven will detail these changes later in the presentation and these changes should allow us to recalibrate our R&D spending going forward. Next let me quickly address baricitnib. Last week the FDA convened an AdCom to discuss the resubmission of the baricitnib NDA for rheumatoid arthritis, which voted in favor of the benefit/risk profile of the 2-milligram daily dose. The FDA action date for baricitnib is in June 2018. Looking forward, the next steps for Incyte are very clear. We will continue to grow our top line and from the new R&D and SG&A guidance we published this morning, I believe that we are now on the clear trajectory towards sustained profitability. We also have an obligation to deliver on the promise of our exciting portfolio of development projects, and slide 4 illustrates the depth and breadth of our product pipeline. We have five molecules in later stage clinical trial and it is updates from these that we expect to drive our near-term news flow. We plan to announce results from the first pivotal trial of Jakafi in GVHD before the middle of the year and initial data from our FGFR inhibitor program in cholangiocarcinoma are expected in the second half of 2018. We continue to recruit patients into the delta program in NHL and into the JAK1 in GVHD, and we anticipate opening a number of single agent and combination cohorts with our PD-1 antagonists during this year. We look forward to highlighting these programs and other candidates within the Incyte portfolio at our investor and analyst event on June 21, where we also expect to dig a little deeper into Jakafi commercialization trends and future market dynamics. Revenue from Jakafi in the U.S. continues to be strong and Iclusig in Europe is now becoming a contributor to our top line growth. Royalties from Jakavi grew by over 40% this quarter and we expect royalties from Olumiant will become significant in time. As shown on the right-hand side of slide 5, we also have multiple opportunities to drive additional revenue growth in the future. New indication may be achieved for Jakafi and we also have a number of new molecular entities that could be submitted for global approval over the coming years. With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Net product revenue for Jakafi in the first quarter of 2018 grew by 25% over the same period last year. Sales continue to be driven by robust prescription demand and we saw a year-on-year increase of approximately 17% in total patients being treated with Jakafi. We exited Q1 2018 with normal levels of inventory and take the opportunity today to reiterate our Jakafi net product revenue guidance for the full year of 2018, which is in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion. Slide 8 illustrates the estimated penetration of Jakafi into its two approved indications. We believe that there are approximately 16,000 MF patients and up to 25,000 PV patients that are eligible for Jakafi therapy, and we continue to work to bring Jakafi to more of these patients. We see, therefore, a significant potential growth in both indications, and this potential is augmented because as a proportion of PV in the patient mix rises, so does the average duration of therapy. As you recall, in July last year, Jakafi was included as a recommended treatment for PV in the NCCN guidelines. We believe that there is now a greater awareness of those guidelines among the prescribing community, and also that as more physicians become familiar with the PV guidelines, that usage of Jakafi may increase. I'll now pass the call over to Steven for an update on our portfolio.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 10, we are making some important changes to the ECHO program, following the recently announced results of ECHO-301, which clearly demonstrated that adding epacadostat to pembro did not add efficacy over pembro monotherapy in patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma. We have also moved very swiftly and with significant cooperation from the investigators, from Merck, and the conference organizing committee to bring the ECHO-301 data to ASCO next month. We think it's very important to share these data as soon as possible. We want to assess the IDO plus PD-1 combination in another tumor type, as well as assessing it in combination with chemotherapy. We can achieve both of these objectives by changing the two ongoing lung studies with pembro into randomized Phase 2 trials. Specifically, we'll be looking at the IDO plus PD-1 combination in tumor proportional score high non-small cell lung cancer versus pembro alone, and thus performing the randomized Phase 2 tests in a second histology after melanoma. And we would look at the IDO, PD-1, plus chemotherapy combination versus pembro plus chemotherapy in an all-comer non-small cell lung cancer population, thereby also asking the chemotherapy combination question in a lung cancer population. Enrollment in all of the other pivotal studies in the ECHO program has been stopped and each of these studies will be amended to enable patients and their physicians to consider alternative therapeutic options. The proposed pivotal study with Dova (00:08:24) will not be initiated. We will continue to investigate the potential utility of IDO1 inhibition in a variety of clinical settings, but these will be conducted in small proof-of-concept trials and where we believe the biology and translational data are compelling. The lower half of the slide describes these updates in more detail. On slide 11, we've summarized our commitment to finding a safe and effective treatment for graft-versus-host disease. The incidents of graft-versus-host disease has been growing due to the increase in the number of allogeneic transplants. Unfortunately, approximately 50% of these transplant patients develop graft-versus-host disease, and mortality rates in GVHD patients can be very high. In the first year, mortality rates can be between 25% and 75%, depending on the grade of the graft-versus-host disease, so the unmet need here is very clear. The result of the REACH1 trial evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease is expected this quarter, and I can confirm that data emerging from this open-label pivotal trial continued to support our intention to submit a supplemental NDA in the second half of 2018. REACH2 and REACH3, the pivotal trials being run in collaboration with Novartis, are ongoing and we plan to enroll more than 300 patients in each of these. GRAVITAS is a pivotal program for our JAK1 selective inhibitor itacitinib in patients with treatment-nave graft-versus-host disease. GRAVITAS-301 is expected to enroll more than 400 patients and we anticipate that top line results may be available as early as next year. I'll finish my section by reminding you that we're expecting to announce initial data from the trial evaluating INCB54828 in patients with advanced or unresectable cholangiocarcinoma later this year. The trial is expected to enroll a total of 100 patients with FGFR2 translocations. 20 additional patients with other FGF or FGFR alterations and 20 patients without any FGF or FGFR alterations for a total of 140 patients. The primary endpoint would be the overall response rate in patients with FGFR2 translocations. If the trial is successful, it could lead to an NDA submission as we seek to bring a new therapy to patients with cholangiocarcinoma, which is an orphan indication and represents a significant unmet need. In the second-line setting, post first-line chemotherapy, overall response rates to second-line therapy in cholangiocarcinoma are only approximately 10%, with a short two-month progression-free survival. We are also evaluating INCB54828 in patients with metastatic or surgically unresectable bladder cancer. As described in the lower half of slide 12, this trial will focus on the efficacy of FGFR inhibition in bladder cancer patients with FGFR3 mutations or fusions. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financial update.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The financial update this morning will include GAAP and non-GAAP numbers. For a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, please refer to our press release. In the first quarter, we recorded $382 million of total revenue on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis. This is comprised of $314 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $21 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $41 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis, and $6 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. First quarter Jakafi net sales of $314 million represents 25% growth over the same period last year and first quarter Jakavi royalties of $41 million represents 43% growth over the same period last year. Remember that despite significant growth in underlying Novartis sales of Jakafi, the royalties received in the first quarter of 2018 are slightly lower than the fourth quarter of 2017, because the royalty tiers reset each calendar year and we begin each year in the lowest tier. Our gross/net adjustment for the quarter was approximately 16%. This is driven primarily by Jakafi and, as with similar oral oncology drugs, our gross/net adjustment is higher in the first quarter of the year than the rest of the year, primarily because of our share of the donut hole for the Medicare Part D patients. We expect that our gross/net adjustment for the full-year 2018 will be approximately 14%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $13 million on a non-GAAP basis. This includes cost of goods sold for Jakafi, Iclusig, and the payment of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $266 million on a non-GAAP basis, primarily driven by clinical development programs. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $109 million on a non-GAAP basis. This includes an increase in our donations to independent charitable foundations, which are typically higher in the first quarter and lower as the year progresses. Moving on to non-operating items, we recorded GAAP and non-GAAP net interest income of $4 million in the first quarter. In the first quarter, we recorded a net loss of $3 million on a non-GAAP basis. Slide 16 provides a summary reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP metrics and, as I mentioned, a more detailed reconciliation is provided in this morning's press release. The next two slides provide a summary of our updated guidance. We have made no changes to revenue or cost of product revenue guidance. As we adjust our epacadostat development programs, our GAAP R&D guidance will change to a new range of $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion, which is a reduction of $50 million from our previous guidance. Looking further out, and compared to our prior plan, we also expect the R&D expenses related to epacadostat will be significantly lower in 2019 and 2020. In addition, in April we paid BMS a $15 million fee to exercise our option to purchase a nonexclusive license related to PD-1 intellectual property. This amount will be excluded from our non-GAAP earnings in the second quarter. Given the recent news over epacadostat development program, we are updating our GAAP SG&A expense guidance to a range of $390 million to $410 million. This now excludes the $125 million of epacadostat prelaunch expenses that were included in our previous SG&A guidance. Finishing with the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $1.2 billion in cash and marketable securities, and we expect to end the year with a similar level of cash and marketable securities. To summarize, we delivered strong product revenue growth for the first quarter. We believe we are well-positioned from a revenue and cash perspective, and despite the ECHO-301 disappointment, we continue to make advancements in our clinical development programs, which we strongly believe have the potential to deliver long-term shareholder value. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up to Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question today is coming from Alethia Young from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just kind of the two big picture. One, with the PD-1 program you have for MacroGenics, well, how do you think about kind of changing or thinking about redefining this program or will you use monotherapy or would you kind of continue with the combinations, which are kind of Phase 1 assets? And then just also, I mean, talking a little bit about the trends that we've seen coming out of AACR , I know that you kind of used the high tumor burdened folks in the non-small cell group. So I just wanted to see kind of how you were thinking about that strategically as well. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Alethia, hi, it's Steven. Thanks for your question. So for our MacroGenics PD-1, in many ways it was independent of IDO. We needed that compound internally for upwards of seven combinations to be done. But if you look at the compound at a high level, in terms of monotherapy, we will be pursuing registration strategies likely in the niche tumor initially, and then potentially exploring elsewhere thereafter in bigger tumor types. So, just to reiterate, it will have a monotherapy strategy attached to it, as well as numerous internal combinations that need to be done for proof-of-concept work. In terms of AACR and perspectives on what is the potential best way to select patients for immunotherapy in general and checkpoints, we're following all of what you mentioned, including PDL-1 tumor proportional scores, tumor mutational burden, et cetera. We haven't yet outlined which way we would potentially enrich, but all of the above are interesting. We'll also, obviously, be examining our own data from ECHO-301 to see in that program what biomarkers may or may not help us. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan Chase & Company. Your line is now live.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. good morning, guys, and thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on your prepared comments for FGFR and cholangiocarcinoma. The comments were helpful in framing expectations for this pivotal 2 trial a little bit, but there's, obviously, a lack of viable options for patients if response rates to current standards are only 10%. But I'm curious how much you think you need to clear this by to have a clinically meaningful single-arm result that would potentially satisfy regulators. And then as a follow-up, can you also describe the market opportunity here a little bit? What's the potential sizing?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Cory, it's Steven. I'll do the first part of your question, and then somebody else will opine on the second. You are right. Combination chemotherapy response rates are around 10% with very short progression-free survival of approximately two months in the set-in. So for us, something north of that that is durable, so response rates 20% to 30% range that are durable would be, for us, a reasonable consideration for an accelerated approval in that setting that's combined with a reasonable progression-free survival. You do have to couple that, additionally, with the likelihood that a single-agent targeted therapy is likely to be a lot more tolerable than combination chemotherapy. So for all of those reasons, should the trial deliver the results we expect, we think we'll have a viable option for a submission there. In terms of the market opportunity, I'll pass it to Barry.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Sure. Remember, this is a subset of patients with cholangiocarcinoma that have FGFR2 translocations that we're looking at. So in the United States, we believe the opportunity is about 1,000 patients with this disease in the translocation and worldwide about 3,000 patients.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then one quick follow-up on this program, the bladder cancer, the FIGHT trial that you highlighted in your slides, is the intention there also for that to be a pivotal trial?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Cory, it's Steven again. It is a single-arm study in FGFR3 patients with bladder cancer. So, again, should it deliver a response rate that's durable, it would certainly be considered for an accelerated approval opportunity in the U.S. In terms of ex-U.S., that would be a matter for regulators to consider, but we may need randomized data additionally for that.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ying Huang of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now live.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is maybe, can you talk about the percentage of R&D in the non-GAAP R&D portion that's allocated to the IDO program now, so we get a sense maybe the run rate for 2019 R&D? And then secondly, if the 2-milligram of baricitinib is approved by FDA, but not the 4-milligram, considering the market size and your (00:21:57) rate, would you reconsider the opt-in for that and the other indications? Thank you.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: So, Ying, it's Dave. I'll answer the first part of the question. In terms of the R&D, that is a percent of what is IDO in 2018. We don't break that out separately, but obviously it's going to come down, because we mentioned that will come down in our prepared remarks by about  the overall R&D expense will come down by about $50 million. And, obviously, in 2019 and 2020, it will become very insignificant. There will still be some, but it will be far smaller than we originally thought it would be.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yes, regarding baricitinib, frankly, the opt-in option that we have is always open and we look at it by indication. So there is no really direct correlation between that decision for new indication and what could happen in RA. But there is a connection in the sense that it has an impact on the royalty and the amount of royalties that we would be receiving. So it's far, far too early for us today to make speculation about which way it would go. I think we have a month and a half now, up to June, to see how the discussion are going with FDA, and then we will have all the opportunities to make decisions based on that.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Herv.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Zemansky - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking our questions. This is Jason on for Geoff. I'm curious with regards to the epacadostat lung cancer trials, I know it's still early days, but were there any clues from ECHO-301 that could give you some insights or provided some suggestions as to what happened there, and then why specifically lung cancer study has a potential? And then you sort of touched upon this, but in terms of patient stratification, again, any clues along that way?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Jason, hi, it's Steven. So, for ECHO-301 itself, as I said in my prepared remarks, we have been able to secure an oral presentation at ASCO on Sunday morning, so the data will be presented there. It is early from the biomarker point of view. As we said repeatedly before and on calls, the biomarker data only comes in through the second half of this year. So, at this junction, I can't tell you whether or not that presentation will have biomarker data within it. In terms of sort of read-through to lung and why lung, so firstly, we step back, we consider either a pre-proof-of-concept asset now, and with Merck we'll be doing randomized Phase 2 tests in the lung cancer setting, in the two settings. So in the tumor proportional score high by the Merck definition of 50% or above, it's a very clean study of pembro monotherapy versus pembro plus IDO and isolates the potential effect of IDO very cleanly in a randomized Phase 2 setting. There's no other enrichment at the current time or any learning that we've read through to that. In terms of second study, again, a different MoA being explored with chemotherapy in an all-comer lung setting, and again a very clean study of pembro/chemo/IDO versus the combination with IDO alone that then allows us to isolate the IDO  versus pembro/chemo. So pembro/chemo/IDO versus pembro/chemo that then allows us to potentially isolate the IDO effect very cleanly there. And again, at this junction, no important biomarker stratification at this point in time.
Jason Zemansky - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color. I guess, is there any other potential oncology indication that you might consider following with epacadostat?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: In terms of the checkpoint blockade doublet, as I outlined, our principles are pretty clear. We want to test one other histology to rule out a false negative, if you will, randomize Phase 2s, and then the chemotherapy MoA. In terms of beyond that, in terms of other biology, I'll ask Reid to answer your question.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yes, this is Reid. So we remain, and I think the field remains, interested in IDO1 and maybe the most appropriate place to evaluate an inhibitor. And so in situations where we think the scientific data, either preclinical or translational are strong and we have a clear way to isolate treatment effects to evaluate the molecule in a clinical setting, we look to pursue those. They'll likely be in smaller Phase 1/2 studies, perhaps in randomized Phase 2 studies, like Steven just described, that we're going to conduct with Merck in lung cancer, but I think our thinking around IDO1 is evolving given the ECHO-301 data. But we do absolutely look to study the mechanism in other places, such as with vaccines, perhaps with other immune stimulatory mechanisms, and I think the details on the early stage program for epacadostat will evolve over the coming months.
Jason Zemansky - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Jay Olson with Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is now live.
Jay Olson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Oh, hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Just wanted to make sure that we understand the GVHD opportunity. Can you just walk us through where Jakafi and itacitinib will fit into the current treatment paradigm in light of some recent approvals, such as IMBRUVICA? And then maybe take us through how we should think about the size of the commercial opportunity there?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Jay, it's Steven. I'll start off, and then Barry will talk about the commercial opportunity. So, if you step back and look at graft-versus-host disease in its entire spectrum, you're dealing with multiple entities. So there's a steroid-refractory setting, which is where we started with the REACH1 study, and that's a single-arm study that will be delivering data first half of this year, looking at ruxolitinib monotherapy in a single-arm study with a 28-day endpoint in steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease. To back up that study and with Novartis also to get approval ex-U.S. is REACH2, which is a randomized study of ruxolitinib in the same settings, steroid-refractory acute versus best available therapy. And then there's a completely different clinical entity, chronic graft-versus-host disease, which occurs more than 100 days post transplantation, has a different clinical phenotype in terms of it being more fibrotic disease and more skin manifestations. And you're right, ibrutinib has an approval there in that chronic graft-versus-host disease setting. Our randomized Phase 3 study, REACH3, is ruxolitinib versus best available therapy, which could include ibrutinib in that setting and the primary endpoint is response rate at month six. So that's the spectrum of the steroid-refractory setting. And then there's a completely different entity, which is upfront steroid-nave graft-versus-host disease, so before high-dose dexamethasone is used. And if you remember, our proof-of-concept data with itacitinib, our JAK1 inhibitor, was strongest in the setting, and that's where we're conducting GRAVITAS-301, which is in steroid-nave graft-versus-host disease in acute setting, 436 patients. It's a randomized study versus placebo in that setting with steroids, so 28-day response rate. If that study is ultimately successful, then itacitinib would be used upfront in the steroid-nave setting, and that's a compound that's wholly owned by Incyte and is globally ours. And then rux would find its way more in the steroid-refractory setting, as I outlined above. I'll ask Barry to opine on the epidemiology.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Herv here. Before Barry speaks about the U.S., just to give you the perspective of the potential for us. So the first program is ruxolitinib, where obviously it is Incyte commercializing in the U.S. and our partner Novartis outside in steroid-refractory GVHD, and that is a number of patients that has been estimated, as shown on slide 11. It's around 3,500 new cases of acute GVHD in the U.S., and there is around 3,500 new cases of chronic GVHD also in the U.S. So that's the first thing where we do the work with Novartis, we will commercialize in the U.S., and that's a steroid-refractory setting. In the steroid-nave GVHD, where itacitinib is developed, we estimate north of 10,000 new cases of acute GVHD between U.S., Europe and Japan, and it's important because it's a project where Incyte will be commercializing itacitinib across U.S., Europe, and Japan. So, Barry, I don't know if you want to speak a little bit about the specific U.S. short-term opportunity for us.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Well, so I think Herv pointed out the epidemiology for both acute and chronic GVHD in the U.S. I think you asked a question about IMBRUVICA, and obviously it's approved in the chronic GVHD setting. We think that there's an opportunity for both drugs there. We actually don't see the uptick in IMBRUVICA to be that great so far in chronic GVHD, and we think our profile will serve patients well there.
Jay Olson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Kathryn Xu from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. I just have a few questions. First, Barry, can you at this moment comment on the duration of Jakafi treatment in the MF and PV in the marketplace? Just some update there will be very helpful. And then also to Dave, and Herv I guess, how do you look at the strategy or updated strategy going forward advancing (00:33:01) profitability and investing in R&D going forward for the company?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Katherine, for the question. So we've said this a number of times, I think, about persistency and in the commercial setting how sometimes it's difficult to actually follow patients as they switch insurance and so forth. So the best evidence is to turn to our trials. If you look at the RESPONSE trial, for example, more than 80% of patients are still on therapy at two years. And if you look at the COMFORT trials, you have more than 50% of patients that are on therapy at three years. So that's sort of our guidepost. There's actually information from our RESPONSE trial from ASH, and there will be an update at ESH, European Society of Hematology, where we've shown the response data that 66% of patients are still either on therapy or have completed at least five years of therapy. So the duration of therapy in PV is clearly longer than MF, but MF patients stay on therapy for a long time as well. Dave?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Herv here on the R&D and the profit question. We have said  I mean, it is a series of decisions and choices that are made on a product-by-product basis. So the bad part of (00:34:23) what happened with ECHO-301 is that by downsizing fairly drastically our epacadostat program, as we just discussed, in fact, we are improving the profitability for this year, but obviously it was not the goal. I mean, the goal was certainly to develop this in multiple indications very quickly. And it's interesting to look back at this as sort of an example. We have a project here that has a clear safety profile that was very well-established. It's a program where we have good biology. We have early clinical data and where from the cost and the strategic standpoint, it makes a lot of sense to test it in a larger scale as we did. If you look at the cost of ECHO-301, so the studies that led  the first Phase 3 studies that led to the results we discussed over the past month, so total cost of that study for Incyte was around $50 million over two years. So it's a case because we have a partner that was sharing the cost, because we had the supplier also from the partnership, et cetera. So when you look at it from that standpoint, you say it makes all the sense in the world to do that investment that would put us ahead of the curve from the competitive standpoint and give us a clear advantage. So we will continue to look at our research program that way, where we look at them as does it make sense to invest in the program based on the science and the safety and the biology and the efficacy that we are seeing, and then the cost and the competitive position. Overall, when you look at the portfolio as it evolves, the top line continues to grow very dynamically. It's 25% in the U.S., a little bit more outside from the royalties we are receiving. So you can imagine that over time, as we have said, the lines are going to cross or have crossed over the past quarter, depending on some of the events. And what we are saying today is that with the downsizing of epacadostat, it's clearly a situation that will go in that direction. It doesn't mean that if there is a case that requires resources to be fully realized, we would not do it. It's just looking at the trend and trying to project from the existing trends that we are seeing over the past quarter.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Carter Gould from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, team. Thanks for the color on the R&D spend. I guess, Herv, I just wanted to follow-up on that prior question. I appreciate your comments that you've taken IDO R&D spend out of the numbers and that you still kind of look at these things on a program-by-program basis. But, I mean, the R&D line is still even  pretty robust, even with kind of IDO coming out. So maybe if you could just expand a little bit more in terms of maybe just the focus on profitability going forward here and to the extent that you feel like you may still need to do work on that end or you feel pretty comfortable after this guidance change. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Concerning the epacadostat program, obviously, the first two quarter of this year will still carry the cost of the larger studies that we have ongoing. So don't expect Q2 to be suddenly dropping very quickly. I think you will see most of the effect in Q3, Q4, and certainly in 2019 and 2020. So, just to be very clear, by shutting down or stopping some of the studies in the middle of the quarter, you end up carrying all the cost of the closure. So that's what the perspective looks like. I believe having a robust R&D spending for a company like us is the right thing if the science is good, and I think we'll be following that science as we go. At the same time, I also believe that because we have this growth of our top line, that we would be emerging in sustainable profitability over the next quarters, just as we have always planned for. So there was always a plan in the way we were looking at the number, and specifically on the ratio of fixed cost and variable cost, to emerge into sustainable profitability at some point. The fact that the IDO program has been more or less put back into proof-of-concept stage or a very much smaller investment is just making it happen a little bit earlier.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Peter Lawson from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is now live.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Herv, just maybe thoughts around kind of M&A that is buying versus building and how aggressive you could get on use of capital structure there.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, I think  you know we have been always open to acquiring assets. So you can see that over the past three years it has been fairly selective. It has been targeted to some scientific questions that we were interested in, and you can go back to arginase, or it has been based on portfolio needs, like the MacroGenics PD-1. And then there are some more scientific early-stage research programs, like MIRAS and CYROS (00:40:14), so you can see the appetite for partnership has always been there. I think the portfolio we have today is very full of solid near-term opportunities. We spoke about them, but they are like four molecules that are at the stage of starting and being in the middle of pivotal studies, so we don't lack opportunities to launch new products over the next few years. And at the same time, if we see opportunities that will strengthen that, we will look at them, but we would not look at them at any price. I think it would have to be something that fits with the portfolio and something that is in a price range that is reasonable. We have $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion in cash, so that gives us some flexibility to do that if we see the right opportunity, and that's really the way we look at it.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And the comments around sustained profitability, is that going to be a key part of the corporate and financial strategy going forwards?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: It's always the goal. There is no objective of not being profitable, obviously. So it has always been the goal. It is always the goal. What we see today, because of the technical reduction of our R&D spend with the epacadostat downsizing is that it is, in fact, happening in the short term. If you take the guidance we just gave, maybe, Dave, if you can describe it.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. So Herv is mentioning, if you take the guidance we just gave, and we reduced the SG&A guidance and not reduced the R&D guidance, I mean, of course, we don't give guidance on milestones, but if you assumed what the consensus is on milestones of Jakavi royalties of $200 million and $40 million on Olumiant, because that's consensus, we're going to end up with non-GAAP profits of between $200 million to $250 million this year. So, as Herv has mentioned, we're well on our way to that sustained profitability number and we hope over time that will get better on a yearly basis.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you so much. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question. So, maybe just transitioning to the early pipeline and your checkpoint strategy here. You've completed these dose escalation studies for OX40 and GITR, could you just comment on what you're looking to combine these with going forward? And it looks like the TIM-3 and LAG-3 studies are progressing to clinic, so how are you prioritizing the relative targets, particularly given competitive feedback?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Salveen, it's Steven. Hi. I'll start. So, for the agonist for OX40 and GITR, they've been in the clinic the longest. GITR is slightly before OX40. And as you pointed out, we've got two recommended Phase 2 doses for the monotherapy. They likely are both combination drugs, should they continue to go forward. Neither us nor our competitors have demonstrated to-date any large amount of monotherapy activity, nor was it expected. And currently, with checkpoint blockade. We hope over the ensuing next half of this year, early next year to get to the ability to discern whether or not there's proof-of-concept with these agonists in combination with checkpoints. In terms of TIM-3 and LAG-3, they're on track to go through their INDs this year and get into the clinic their antagonists. Their field, as a whole, is probably a little more bullish about the antagonists, and again, they're not likely to have a large amount of monotherapy activity based on what we've seen from competitors. So they'll be combination products. One thing we can do when we're not first is learn, hopefully, a great deal from our competitors and see where they go and where they potentially get proof-of-concept, and then jump on that quickly. But as I said, it's very early with those programs and they are only about to go into the clinic. And then I'll just remind you that we are taking another compound, as we speak, into the clinic that also has IO mechanism too, and that's our AXL/MER inhibitor, and we'll be taking that very carefully into the clinic as we speak, and that will round out our current immunotherapy portfolio. Thanks.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And then just following up, you had first-in-man data in December for both the bromodomain and the PIM programs. What are the next steps there?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. So again, those targets, you're right, have completed the early part of their work in terms of getting towards a dose. But for the bromodomain, that program we selected the backup compound to go forward with, because it had a better PK profile than the lead compound. And we're busy looking at that very carefully to see if there is a route for it in terms of a proof-of-concept to work with. It does have on-target toxicity in terms of  and we showed this publicly in our presentations  thrombocytopenia. So that will  we'll have to work very carefully for it. For PIM, again, a program that we've been cautious with. There are not many competitors left. We have a dose, and again, we're looking at where are paths forward there in heme malignancies and in combination. Both of them, by the way, have really good combination data with rux in myelofibrosis. So it's part of our rux combination work in MF. But they are still early programs and can't declare yet where we would be going and haven't reached proof-of-concept yet.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen & Company. Your line is now live.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. If we go back to the GVHD, I know that the long-term Jakafi sales guidance includes the GVHD opportunity. Can you talk about kind of the durability that you assume in that guidance, since that's kind of big part of this  what the sales potential is? Are we thinking there's going to be a very transient population of Jakafi or more like MF and PV where people are on for several years?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: So, hi, Marc. It's Barry. So I'll try to answer your question is that for acute GVHD, we have to see the final results of the REACH1 study to see how long patients stay on therapy. We believe that in chronic GVHD, the potential could be much greater for persistency and for the provided long-term benefit they have. But remember, patients even with acute GVHD can get retreated with the same product or they can go on to get chronic GVHD. So overall, we think that the opportunity for both acute and chronic GVHD could be quite good.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: But we also see the duration of treatment as being much shorter than what you observe in MF and PV.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Herv, maybe for you kind of strategically, over the last few years you've spent some efforts preparing to be a fully global company both with ARIAD, but also going to other territories like Japan in preparation for epacadostat, and the next things in the pipeline, whether it's GVHD or FGFR, just aren't necessarily the same size and breadth of the opportunity as IDO. Do you still have the same kind of appetite to be a fully global company or is this more of the kind of traditional Incyte model for some of these molecules?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: It's a good question. The way we organize the expansion, and we are happy we did it that way now, was to make it proportional to the existing portfolio. So the way we're organized in the U.S. is basically there is a team working on Jakafi. They have a very fast-growing top line, and all of that is doing well from the commercial standpoint. Same thing in Europe. In fact, you can see  if you look at the numbers on ponatinib in Europe, Iclusig, is that, in fact, the commercial team in Europe is self-sustained with the growth of ponatinib in Europe. So the fact that we have a delay for our first launch after Iclusig or Jakafi is, in fact, not changing the strategy and the approach there. We have a team also working on development of our new pipeline in Europe, the GRAVITAS study, the FGFR study, the delta study, they are all running in European centers. So all of that is very stable. Obviously, there is a delay in the hyper growth of the top line because of epacadostat moving back to proof-of-concept, but there is no change in the plan. And concerning Japan, we did the same thing, which is we have a development team there. We started with development. It's a group of around 10 people today. They are working also on GRAVITAS and the other program, and in spite of the delay on epacadostat, that is not changing. And the goal for Japan would be the same as for Europe and U.S., is that when we have a product that becomes available for commercialization is when we will do the scale-up of the commercial team. Obviously, the plans have been modified, but there is no change in the direction for each of these geographies.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ren Benjamin from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Just two. One with GVHD. Steven, can you remind us the prior data that led you to this trial design in acute, and what your expectations are and what are clinically relevant expectations in the REACH1 study?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Ren, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. So it was very interesting. It actually came from external investigator initiated research from a group of investigators in Germany led by Zysa who showed in their study, which had approximately 60, 70 patients in, 70%, 80% response rates. Not as classic sponsored study with tight controls on how you measure endpoints, et cetera, but very, very encouraging proof-of-concept data. And then we worked to get the rights back to run our graft-versus-host disease program with rux. Now remember, I also teed up the large unmet need here. There's approximately 10,000, 11,000 allogeneic transplants that occur, with more than half of them getting graft-versus-host disease. And then if they aren't steroid responsive, which is about half the patients, they have an extreme morbidity and high mortality rates, as I outlined to you. We got Breakthrough designation here. We are able, with the agency, to run a single-arm study in steroid-refractory acute and where we would like to see the response rate is in the 50% plus territory that's durable. We think if we meet that under the conditions that I've just outlined, then we will have a submission, a supplemental NDA in the United States. The Europeans may also be interested in that single-arm data, by the way, if it's in that territory that I mentioned, but we have a randomized study, REACH2, as well to go to, if need be. So, hopefully, that answers your questions on how we got there on steroid-refractory acute.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes, it does. I was remembering an investigator sponsored Italian study, but it was probably the German study as well. And then switching gears to PI3K-delta, you have several CITADEL studies that are ongoing. I think there was some interesting data looking at the synergistic effects in combination with a PD-1 inhibitor presented at AACR. Can you talk a little bit about this program right now? Because I thought you were still trying to find the appropriate dosing schedule. How are you thinking about this monotherapy versus combination, and how do these studies kind of fold into a pivotal study?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, yeah, thank you for the question on our PI3-kinase-delta inhibitor, INCB50465. So, in many ways, we did take a time hit, in that we stepped back and looked at the class in general and said, we have a second-generation compound that seems to have eliminated for the most part the liver toxicity seen with the first-generation compounds, like idealalisib, but there are still long-term toxicities probably from chronic B cell suppression like colitis. We knew we had a very active compound. We presented this data two, three times already. There is very high activity in B cell malignancies, particularly in follicular, mantle, and marginal zone lymphomas. But we also knew with time we were going to see some of that long-term toxicity. So what we did is dose through sort of an induction paradigm to get to the efficacy endpoint you want. And most people respond by the time of the first scans at eight/nine weeks, and then change thereafter to a different dosing schedule and see with ameliorating or changing that dosing schedule, we were able to ameliorate the toxicity profile. And data we showed at ASH last year, again, small numbers and many caveats, that we're able for the most part to ameliorate the toxicity profile. So we think we're in a very good place with our highly active compound and we are able to change the tolerability profile with the dosing scheduling changes. So now we have ongoing efforts in all the B cell malignancies, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, follicular lymphoma, mantle cell, and marginal. The class as a whole is more active outside of diffuse large. It tends to have more activity in the follicular, mantles, and marginal zones. We're conducting those studies this calendar year, into early next year, and hopefully have data next year. If they again meet the required high response rate that's durable, then there are potential accelerated approval strategies in those settings. So that's where we stand with the program. We're proud of what we did in trying to change the profile. We look like we've been able to and now we have to execute these studies to show both the efficacy and tolerability.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And just thoughts regarding combinations?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: We'll have to follow all of that work with combinations. In many of those settings you require CD20 antibodies or other compounds. But the initial strategy is monotherapy, and then we'll begin safety with various combinations. We are looking at INCB50465 in combination with rux in myelofibrosis, because there's very good preclinical rationale for that. The pathway is upregulated in myelofibrosis and we're conducting that study now. And then you alluded to a very early dataset that was at AACR with a lower dose of delta INCB50465 to try and change the tumor microenvironment with a PD-1 inhibitor that we're also looking at currently, and there's some early data that there may be some activity with that doublet as well.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. Just a follow-up on GVHD. Can you give us just some sense of how to think about duration of therapy in this population, both frontline and second-line, and maybe the acute and chronic? And I don't know if it's similar across those. And then also for itacitinib, it will be, obviously, positioning against  in the frontline setting and steroids, which obviously are inexpensive. How do you kind of anticipate kind of gaining share there? What's the strategy for going up against steroids? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Liisa, it's Steven. I'll try to answer your question first, and Barry alluded to this, because we don't have the final data yet. Our expectation is that in acute is once you have the dataset and show what the duration of response is, that physicians will use the compound to get control of the graft-versus-host disease, to then eliminate the steroids, and then eventually potentially eliminate the JAK inhibitor as well, once they know patients are controlled. I don't know what that duration will ultimately be, but it's probably of the order of somewhere around anything between three to nine months approximately, not knowing the data. For chronic, as Barry said, it may be slightly different paradigm. These patients phenotypically have a different disease. They tend to have a lot of skin toxicity and it's a longer endpoint. It's a six-month response rate endpoint. So we feel there that the likelihood, as Barry said, is there will be a longer use pattern of the JAK inhibitor in that setting and in people once they have control of the various organ systems, we'll look at weaning them off the therapy. For Itacitinib, it's steroid-nave, but it's in combination with steroids. So it's an add-on therapy. You have to use the steroids as well. So it's not versus steroids. It's Itacitinib plus steroids versus steroids in steroid-nave. So, I hope that's clear in terms of the scheme of the study.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. It's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Christopher Marai from Nomura Securities. Your line is now live.
Christopher N. Marai - Nomura Instinet: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could comment perhaps on the arginase inhibitor program with Calithera. Obviously, given the IDO data and sort of the T-cell related metabolic checkpoint hypothesis there, perhaps run us through your thoughts on that program, potential to combination with your now in-house PD-1. Thank you.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Chris, this is Reid. So the arginase inhibitor program we in-licensed and are co-developing with Calithera. We've completed or are completing now the Phase 1 dose escalation and expansion studies. The mechanism, as you pointed out, does have some similarities to IDO1 and the compound, therefore, to epacadostat, but there's actually some very important differences as well, not the least of which is the cell types that express the enzyme and the types of immune complexities that those patients may have, which are actually quite a bit different than those that are IDO1 positive. So I don't think there's any direct read-through to the arginase from a mechanistic standpoint. Clearly, the epacadostat experience will color the kind of stepwise de-risking that we take to pursue the arginase inhibitor program. And the studies that the clinical team are working on now include both translational studies to look at effects of the molecule on the immune microenvironment, as well as the initial thinking around safety studies to move the agent probably first in the combination with the PD-1 antagonist. But right now it's a pre-proof-of-concept mechanism and the translational data we generate over the coming months will be important to any next steps that we make.
Christopher N. Marai - Nomura Instinet: Okay. And then just with reference to that translational data, I guess, biomarker data coming out of the epacadostat program second half, is that something that you think could be informative with respect to the potential clinical fit of this compound? Thank you.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, again, so the translational work with the ECHO-301 include PDL-1 status, IDO1 status, tumor mutational burden, and RNA seek. To the extent that there are learnings from those trials, it's probably going to apply more to the PD-1 doublet setting and certainly to melanoma. So I think there is a potential for some information content to flow to arginase, but as I mentioned earlier, the types of patients that we believe are likely to have a dependency on the arginase biology are probably not those that you would normally think of as being inflamed tumor types, like melanoma. So, in short, probably some read-through, but not very much.
Christopher N. Marai - Nomura Instinet: Got It. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Herv for any further or closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your time today, for your questions. So we look forward to seeing you at some of the investor medical conferences, but also at the 21st of June meeting we are organizing, where we will do a full company update. But for now, thank you again for your participation in the call today and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webinar. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Booth - IR Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Barry Flannelly - Executive Vice President, General Manager US Steven Stein - Executive Vice President, Chief Medical Officer David Gryska - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Reid Huber - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer
Analysts: Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase Geoff Meacham - Barclays Ying Huang - Bank of America Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets Carter Gould - UBS Katherine Xu - William Blair & Company Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities Ren Benjamin - Raymond James
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter and year end 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. And I'm joined today on the call by Herv, Barry, Steven, Dave, and Reid. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2018 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans for our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, included those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for his introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone, thank you for attending this call. So there are really three themes to discuss on today's call. First is Jakafi commercialization plan, and the near-term [indiscernible] that we expect and our decision to report after non-GAAP accounting measure starting in Q1 2018. So first, the number of patients taking Jakafi continues to grow very nicely, and Jakafi net sales for the full year were close to the upper end of our guidance range. As we told you last quarter, Jakafi sales in Q3 included some inventory build, and this has now been corrected in Q4. And Barry will speak about this in more detail later. Steven will cover our four upcoming clinical and regulatory, capabilities, its Jakafi in GVHD, FGFR in cholangiocarcinoma, baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis and the ECHO-301 trial with epacadostat in advanced melanoma. You will also see that our SG&A guidance for 2018 includes an estimate of our global prelaunch costs for epacadostat. Dave will also cover our decision to adopt non-GAAP accounting measures and detail our framework for what will be included and excluded from these figures. Okay, so with that preamble, let me say a few words about the significant progress we made over the course of the last 12 months. In 2016, we surpassed $1 billion in total revenue for the first time, while this year, we surpassed $1.5 billion in total annual revenue, representing growth of almost 40%. Using the graphic of Slide 4, I'd like to highlight 5 areas we believe to be crucial to the successful and - to a successful and growing biopharmaceutical company. Each of these areas are important and contribute to our long-term success in a different way. First, the dynamic top line supporting our future growth objective; then an expanding number of different sources of product-related revenue; the breadth of our clinical development portfolio; adding to our discovery capabilities; and obviously, the geographic reach of our organization. You can see the total revenue growth of 2017, we progressed in each of these area, notably the total revenue growth were a record level, but we added another an additional source of royalty revenue with release, ex-U.S., launch of Olumiant. We have also added two clinical candidates to our later-stage development portfolio, and we added an additional drug discovery platform with our bispecific collaboration with Merus. 2017 also saw Incyte establish a footprint in Japan as we rounded out our geographic expansion. I believe that we are now in an excellent position to execute on our upcoming development and commercialization plan. On Slide 5, you see our strong growth in product-related revenue comes from 4 sources: sales from Jakafi, sales from Iclusig and royalties from both Jakavi and Olumiant. Barry will discuss Jakafi in a few minutes and Steven will provide a quick update on Olumiant. So let me briefly touch on Iclusig. We are pleased that that Iclusig sales have not only supported our rationale to invest in Europe, but it's also fair to say that sales are growing more rapidly than we have initially expected. In Q4, for example, sales of Iclusig grew at 51% over the same period last year, and I believe that this speaks to the quality of our European organization and should bode well for the future. In addition, for the year, we have recognized $152 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis, representing 37% growth over last year and adding significantly to our top line momentum. Slide 6 illustrates the growth in our development portfolio and emphasizes our later-stage candidates. Since last year, we have progressed itacitinib, our JAK1 selective inhibitor and added MGA012, the PD-1 antagonist, into our later-stage portfolio. We also worked hard to expand the development scope of our existing portfolio candidate. And as you can see on the right-hand side of Slide 6, we have moved many of them into trials in multiple additional indications. So I'd like to finish by segment with what makes Incyte a special place to work and why we are so excited about the years ahead. Incyte is not only a company of rapid revenue growth, as seen by the almost 40% growth in our top line, but it is also a company with an expanding portfolio and with enhanced discovery capabilities. As illustrated on the right-hand side of Slide 7, we have a multitude of opportunity as we seek to transform Incyte into a sustainably profitable biopharmaceutical business over the next several years. We now have more than 1,200 employees across the U.S., Europe and Japan, and our balance sheet has been greatly improved with the retirement of over $700 million of convertible debt and with a balance of cash and equivalent of $1.2 million. We therefore believe that we have both the geographic reach, the financial resources to be able to bring our new therapies to patients that need them. With that, I'll pass the call to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Herv. And good morning, everyone. Three charts on Slide 9 are intended to give you the full picture of current Jakafi trends. Our Jakafi business grew very well in the fourth quarter, as measured by the continued and consistent growth in patient demand as shown in the figure on the left side of Slide 9. Total patients on Jakafi are up 22% over the same period last year. Reported net Jakafi revenues were $302 million, up 27% from Q4 of last year. Net sales in Q4 were impacted by a reduction in inventory held by distributors. As you recall, we exited the third quarter with inventory build and we exited the fourth quarter back in the normal range of inventory. This correction in inventory amounts to approximately half a week of product held at distributors, which equals approximately $12 million of Jakafi net sales. The right-hand panel plots Jakafi net sales by 6-month periods. This washes out these quarter-to-quarter inventory fluctuations and provides a normalized picture of Jakafi growth. Jakafi sales in the second half of 2017 were 31% higher than the same period last year. Slide 10 illustrates the annual revenue progression of Jakafi over the last 6 years, which shows remarkable trend of strong growth. For the full year 2017, Jakafi net sales grew to $1,133,000,000, a 33% increase over the full year in 2016. We are also seeing strong and consistent growth in a number of patients on therapy, and the chart on the right of the slide shows this annual growth very clearly. We estimate that there were approximately 11,000 patients taking Jakafi in the United States during the fourth quarter of last year. The largest of proportion of patients taking Jakafi have myelofibrosis, but the proportion with polycythemia vera continues to rise. And as the PV proportion in the patient mix rises, so does persistency, which of course has a positive effect on revenue. Today we announced our net product revenue guidance for Jakafi for 2018, which we expect to be in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion, the midpoint of which represents more than 20% growth over 2017. Based on strong demand for Jakafi, the continued appreciation in the medical community that earlier intervention leads to better patient outcomes and increasing persistency, we have recently raised our long-term net product revenue guidance to a range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion. This long-term guidance includes the potential for new indications, including GVHD, which Steven will address next.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Before coming to Jakafi in graft-versus-host disease, I'd like to begin by reminding everyone of our development portfolio. Herv highlighted our 6 later-stage product candidates that have progressed beyond proof-of-concept development. But it's important to remember that we also have earlier-stage product candidates against 10 discrete targets, the majority of which have been created by in-house efforts and through our discovery alliances. The three candidates, which are expected to enter the clinic this year, are examples of that. The antibodies against TIM-3 and LAG-3 come from our discovery alliance with Agenus, whereas the dual AXL/MER inhibitor is the product of a 3-year effort from our world-class medicinal chemistry team. So back to Jakafi in graft-versus-host disease, and a reminder that the first pivotal trial for Jakafi in graft-versus-host disease is expected to read out in the first half of this year. REACH1 is a single-arm trial in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease. And if the trial is successful, we expect to submit a supplemental NDA later this year. The incidence of graft-versus-host disease has been growing due to an increase in the number of allogeneic transplants. Unfortunately, approximately 50% of these transplant patients develop graft-versus-host disease, and mortality rates in GVHD patients can be very high. In the first year, mortality rates can be between 25% and 75%, depending on the grade. So the unmet need here is very clear. A few words next on the ECHO-301 trial, evaluating epacadostat in combination with pembro in advanced or metastatic melanoma. As you should all know, the ECHO-301 trial is fully enrolled and we are expecting the PFS results in the first half of this year. We are already planning our global prelaunch activities for later this year, and pending the PFS results, of course, intend to submit an NDA seeking approval of epacadostat in the second half of 2018. Melanoma is a sizable opportunity for us, with over 20,000 metastatic melanoma patients in the U.S., Europe and Japan each year. It is important to note that PD-1 monotherapy is the standard of care for first-line melanoma. Let's move on to our FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor. FIGHT-202, our study of patients with cholangiocarcinoma has been enrolling very well and we expect to be able to present initial data from the study this year. The trial has 3 open-label arms. Group A is recruiting 100 cholangiocarcinoma patients with FGFR2 translocations. And it is these patients where we expect to see the benefits of 54828. Recruitment of the 20 patients needed in each of the other 2 arms has been completed, and we expect these arms to act as negative internal controls in the study. If the study meets its primary endpoint for the good durability of response, we expect to submit an NDA seeking approval of 54828 in cholangio patients with FGFR2 translocations. Cholangiocarcinoma is an orphan indication and has significant unmet need. In the second-line setting, post first-line chemotherapy, overall response rates to second line therapy are approximately 10% with only a 2-month progression-free survival. I'll finish with a quick update on baricitinib. Lilly confirmed in December last year that it had resubmitted the rheumatoid arthritis NDA, which the FDA subsequently accepted as a Class II resubmission. This results in a review time of 6 months, during which we and Lilly expect the FDA to call an advisory committee to discuss the data publicly. Beyond rheumatoid arthritis, Lilly has already initiated a Phase III program of baricitinib in atopic dermatitis and expects to initiate a Phase III program in psoriatic arthritis later this year. Lastly, Lilly has also stated that the results from the Phase II trial of baricitinib in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus are expected to be presented at a medical meeting later this year. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financial update.
David Gryska: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our financial performance for the fourth quarter was very strong. We recorded $444 million of total revenue. This was comprised of $302 million Jakafi net product revenue, $19 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $48 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis, $5 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly and $70 million in milestone revenue. For 2017, we recorded $1.5 billion of total revenue. This was comprised of $1.1 billion of Jakafi net product revenue, $67 million of Iclusig net product revenue, $152 million of Jakavi royalties from Novartis, $9 million of Olumiant royalties from Lilly and $175 million in milestone revenue. Our gross net adjustment for Jakafi for 2017 was approximately 13%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter and the full year was $22 million and $79 million respectively. Our R&D expense for the quarter was comprised of $297 million of ongoing R&D expense and $150 million upfront payment under the license agreement with MacroGenics for a total R&D expense of $447 million, which includes $23 million in non-stock  non-cash stock compensation. Our R&D expense for the full year was comprised of $955 million of ongoing R&D expense, $12 million related to a in-process R&D asset impairment, and approximately $359 million in upfront consideration and milestone expenses related to our collaboration agreements, for total R&D expense of $1.3 billion, including $90 million in non-cash stock compensation. Our SG&A expense for the quarter and the full year was $98 million and $366 million, respectively, including $11 million and $43 million in non-cash stock compensation for the quarter and full year, respectively. For our expense related to the change in fair market value with contingent consideration for Iclusig royalty liability for the quarter, we recorded $10 million and $8 million, respectively. Moving on to nonoperating expenses. We recorded a $22 million unrealized loss on our long-term investments in Merus and Agenus for the quarter, and $24 million unrealized loss on these same investments for the full year. Our net loss for the quarter and the full year was $150 million and $133 million, respectively. Recall, these amounts include expenses related to our collaboration agreements of $150 million for the fourth quarter and $359 million for the full year. Looking at the balance sheet, we ended the year with $1.2 billion in cash and marketable securities. To summarize, we're extremely pleased with the performance in 2017. Jakafi delivered strong revenue growth. We ended the year on a strong cash position. We retired over $700 million of debt from our balance sheet. We entered into development agreements with Calithera and MacroGenics, which added to our already extensive product pipeline, and we continue to make significant advancements in our clinical development programs. Before moving on to 2018 guidance, I'd like to briefly discuss the impact of the recent passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on our business. We expect significant reductions to our future tax liabilities after we have fully utilized our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Given our geographic mix of income, such as Jakafi U.S. revenue, Jakavi ex-U.S. royalties and our [Swiss tax filing], we estimate our long-term effective tax rate for GAAP and non-GAAP will be in the range of 17% to 18%. Beginning in 2018, we'll include non-GAAP financial metrics in our financial disclosure. We believe this will provide useful information for understanding our ongoing business performance and align us with our industry peers. On the next slide, I'll detail the specific non-GAAP adjustments that Incyte intends to make on a go-forward basis. Our non-GAAP financial results will exclude the impact of the following: certain items related to our collaboration agreements, such as milestone revenue, upfront consideration and milestone expense; and changes in the fair market value of equity investments. For example, the milestones recognized from Novartis and Lilly will be excluded; non-cash stock compensation; certain impacts of purchase accounting, such as the amortization of product rights and changes in the fair market value of contingent consideration. For example, the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration and the amortization of acquired product rights related to Iclusig product acquisition will be excluded; and other items, such as non-cash interest expense, non-routine items and the tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments. Going forward, you will always be able to refer to our 8-K and earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP items. The numbers I previously discussed relating to our 2017 performance were GAAP numbers. If we were to apply these non-GAAP adjustments to the quarter and the full year 2017 income statements, non-GAAP net income would be $4 million for the quarter and non-GAAP net income will be $131 million for the full-year. Moving on to 2018, I'll now discuss the key components of our 2018 guidance on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis to assist in our transition. Please note that the guidance we provided today does not include any potential future strategic transactions beyond the agreements previously announced. For the full year 2018, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP net product revenue from Jakafi to be in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion. For Iclusig, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP net product revenue to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million. We will not be providing guidance from milestone or royalty revenue from Lilly or Novartis. We expect our gross net adjustment for 2018 to be approximately 14% for Jakafi. We expect GAAP cost of product revenues to be in the range of $85 million and $95 million, and non-GAAP cost of product revenues to be in the range of $64 million to $74 million. The GAAP cost of product revenues includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payments of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales and the amortization of acquired product rights relating to Iclusig product acquisition. On a non-GAAP basis, we'll exclude the amortization of acquired product rights related to the Iclusig product acquisition. We expect GAAP R&D expense to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. This includes stock-based compensation of $110 million to $115 million and a $13 million upfront consideration related to the Syros collaboration agreement. On a non-GAAP basis, we'll exclude stock compensation and the upfront consideration related to the Syros collaboration. Therefore on a non-GAAP basis, we expect R&D expense to be in the range of $1,077,000,000 to $1,172,000,000. On an adjusted basis, our increase in R&D year-over-year is largely driven by the advancement of epacadostat Phase III studies, our portion of the expense for new studies and additional indications for baricitinib, advancement of the Phase III study of itacitinib in GVHD, and the advancement of our other compounds in development. We expect SG&A expense to be in range of $515 million to $534 million. This includes approximately $125 million of epacadostat prelaunch expenses, which we expect to incur in the second half of the year. This will also include stock-based compensation of approximately $50 million to $55 million. On a non-GAAP basis, we'll exclude the stock compensation and, therefore, on a non-GAAP basis, we expect SG&A expense to be in a range of $465 million to $480 million. Adjusting for the epacadostat prelaunch expenses of $125 million, our 2018 SG&A guidance is a modest increase over 2017 actual SG&A expense. We expect the change in the fair market value of contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability to be approximately $30 million on a GAAP basis, and we'll remove this entire amount on a non-GAAP basis. Lastly, we expect to end the year with approximately the same level of cash and marketable securities compared to our current balance. Operator, this concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today's coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is alive.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. This is actually Kerry on the line. Congrats on the progress. Just have a few questions. First, in terms of the model, in first quarter Jakafi sales, should we anticipate any deviation from the usual seasonal inventory and donut hole impact on sales? And then just in terms of SG&A, I know there's a significant jump related to the epacadostat prelaunch part. Can you give us some more details on the breakdown of where this is going?
Barry Flannelly: Yes, so this is Barry. So as far as Q1, yes, you'll see the impact, certainly of the donut hole. So our gross to net will be at the highest point in Q1 or beginning of Q1 as compared to the rest of the year.
Herv Hoppenot: Let's speak about the launch cost for epacadostat on the SG&A number for next year. So the way it will work is that we will have an expansion of our commercial team both in the U.S. and Europe, because that's the 2 areas where we will have the first launches. Japan will come later, and it's -- melanoma is a fairly small opportunity in Japan. We will have an increase of our activities with medical affairs, so there is a number of medical affairs infrastructure and cost that would be incurred in this one half of the year related to the launch. And then there are a few other things in terms of expanding in some countries in Europe that will be also necessary. I mean, the way you can think about it is that the timing is such that if we have a submission in the second half of the year, we will have an approval, let's say, somewhere early maybe in the U.S. and a little later in Europe in 2019. And that's what we are getting competitively prepared for in the second half of 2018. So the calibration of $125 million is based on the current plan that we have.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. And I just have a quick follow-up question. In terms of the upcoming ECHO-301 study, beyond PD-1 and BRAF in high levels, what other genetic biomarkers are you looking at? And I also know you're looking tumor mutational burden and is that kind of -- was that implemented retroactively or was it a pretty specified biomarker? Thanks.
Reid Huber: Thanks for your question, this is it Reid. So there are 4 core components to the biomarker program for the ECHO-301 study. Those include PD-L1 status; the expression status of IDO1; tumor mutational burden, as you mentioned; and also RNA sequencing. I'll remind you that PD-L1 status was, in fact, the stratification factor for patients randomized into the study. So those data are available at the time of patient entry and first dose. The other 3 components of that biomarker program are all data sets that are not required at randomization, but we have activities with Merck ongoing now to generate all of those data. They were all planned upfront in terms of being core components to the biomarker program. And as you know, we don't discuss any statistical plans around that, so I don't want to get into those details. I think what you should think about when you think about that biomarker program rolling out over the year, is that, obviously, L1 status will be available upfront, and that will be an aspect of the data that we'll consider at the time of primary analyses. The other 3 components, IDO1 expression, tumor mutational burden and RNA sequencing will read out over the course of the year, probably beginning first in the first half of the year; and for some of those analyses, extending into the second half of the year. Any decision to present those data, of course, will be dictated first by considerations with our collaborator, Merck, and our principal investigators, but obviously they'll also be dependent on the timing of data availability, the correlative efficacy analyses and the timing of those results and, finally, meeting frequency itself.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thats very helpful. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Alethia Young from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Alethia Young: Hey. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Alethia, short name. One probably for Steve and another for Reid. On the ECHO-301, I guess we're all trying to figure out how to think about this PD-1 monotherapy control arm. And so maybe can you comment on some of the similarities, differences in the population, those for KEYNOTE-006, CheckMate 027, and how those patients or that -- those populations compare with ECHO-301? And my second question for Reid is just talking a little bit more about CAR-T and IDO therapy and what you see there kind of initially with preclinical work? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Hi. This is Steven. So in terms of your first question in ECHO-301 and the PD-1 control arm, in this case pembro, you're correct, we used KEYNOTE-006 primarily as the modeling control arm. In addition, the regulatory labels reflect the data from KEYNOTE-006 as well as the New England Journal publication related to that. It's felt that PD-1 monotherapy in this setting results in a progression-free survival of around 5.56 months, and that's been pretty consistent in all their data sets, including the ones I just mentioned, and their publications and their label. There's every expectation that given that the study enrolled 700 patients globally that the demographics will absolutely reflect similarly on what were seen in their registration study KEYNOTE-006, there should be no differences. I'll also remind you that we did a very close comparison of our ECHO-202 data set at ESMO last year and caused all the demographics and the prognostic factors to make sure they were both similar to KEYNOTE-006 and CheckMate 067, and they were. If anything, our rate of liver metastases was a little higher in the ECHO-202 population, so there's no expectation in any demographic difference. The only thing that will have changed over the years is post-approval therapy availability, but they won't affect the primary read-out for this half of the year. For your CAR-T question, I'll hand over to Reid.
Reid Huber: Yes, Alethia. So it's an interesting space, to be frank. And we're interested in how various aspects of our I/O portfolio may be able to help augment CAR-T therapy. IDO1 is probably one of the most interesting ones, and there's certainly data that have been presented at medical meetings and published that reflect the impact that IDO1 activity can have on attenuating autologous cell therapy. And some of the most elegant work in that respect has been done in preclinical models of diffused large cell lymphoma. As you know, when autologous cell therapy is active and engages in their antigen targets, that leads to expansion of the T cells, a tremendous amount of interferon gamma is reduced and it would make sense to have counter-regulatory mechanisms engaged to try to dampen that response. We and others feel that IDO1 could be one of those more important mechanisms. So exactly how we go about doing that then is a question around collaboration. And obviously, we're not in a position get to talk about that other than to say that it's an area of interest to us, it's an area of interest to several other CAR-T players. And I suspect that we'll find a way to work together to bring that sort of a study forward, recognizing, of course, the unique patient safety considerations one has to have in the CAR-T space.
Alethia Young: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two of them for you. So I guess, first of all, curious what we should be expecting with regard to the amount of detail you may potentially include in the initial top line ECHO-301 press release. Do you plan to just tell us the trial was positive or negative and withhold data for a medical meeting? Or you might you provide actual details or maybe you're just not sure yet? And then the second question I have is on the Jakafi front. Now that a month or so has passed since Celgene acquired fedratinib, I'm curious if you have any updated thoughts on that asset in their hands in terms of the potential competitive positioning and whether this factors into your long-term Jakafi guidance? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot: So Cory, Herv here. So yes, on the press release, I would say it's not clear yet. I think you have to take into account the materiality obviously. You have to take into account the fact that we have a partner with Merck, so it will have to be decided together. And you have to take into account what data will be available at the time of the first analysis. And as you -- as Reid was describing, there are different options there. I think the goal would certainly be to protect the publication, so that is always a trade-off between what can be said from a study prior to its publication and what needs to be kept for the first scientific publication. So I think what you have seen in the industry, in general, is that the usual way to do the first press release is to look at the materiality aspect, what's important to communicate, and that's probably the frame we will be using for our own press release in the case of 301. Now on the fedratinib, we can speak -- maybe we can speak about it, let me say a word and maybe Barry can add something. I think the key question we have to ask ourselves here is what's -- how is this product going to add to the existing Jakafi? And in many ways, from the safety standpoint, we can see that there are differences. And we are also looking at what are the options for patients after they have stopped the treatment with Jakafi. And as you know, there is a lot of data showing that the type of resistance to the JAK inhibitor is such that in fact, you can retreat with a JAK inhibitor after that, and that's what we are looking at. So, Barry?
Barry Flannelly: Yes, so as far as competitiveness, Cory, we actually don't see it as competitor. We do believe that there is a need, an unmet medical need, if patients for some reason no longer respond or come off of Jakafi. But the profile, as Herv was saying, of fedratinib, as we know it and has been published, doesn't really seem to be that safe and effective drug that you're looking for. Herv talked about we're developing our combinations with Jakafi in myelofibrosis, including PIM, our JAK1 inhibitor delta, and we think we can improve upon that. We're curious about Celgene's purchase of this company. But nevertheless, we'll see what their filing strategy is, whether it's going to be for patients with platelets less than 100,000. But there, we're confused because we actually have dose in schedule in our label for patients that have between 50,000 and 100,000 platelets. So I'm not really sure where they can go there. In the second-line setting, if a drug does come there, we think that starting Jakafi earlier for myelofibrosis patients and not saving it for later could be a very good thing for patients in terms of their survival.
Cory Kasimov: All right. Great Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is alive.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Just have a couple. When I look at the R&D expense guidance, is the step-up this year, is it mostly a continuation of your later-stage development? Or is there an assumption of moving one of the main targets like GITR or bromodomain, arginase, et cetera, into the later-stage category? And I always ask about R&D capacity, so this is related. And then one for Reid. On 301, what, if any, has been the correlation between TMB and the tumor microenvironment? I'm just trying to link the science that Bristol's validated recently with what you guys have talked about in the past on IDO?
Herv Hoppenot: If I -- let me take the R&D guidance. I mean, most of what you see is coming from the advancement of the late-stage portfolio. So epacadostat is part of it, and itacitinib in GVHD, where we are running a Phase III study. You also have to take into account the baricitinib new indications that are emerging because that's a place where we are co-funding a certain percentage of the cost of this study, so that has an impact on the guidance for this year. And then for the earlier-stage type of project, as you described it, from GITR or arginase or OX40, in fact, we are not anticipating these projects to be in the very large-scale type of clinical trial yet in 2018. And so it's not what's driving most of the cost. I mean, the fact that there are more projects in the portfolio is, in fact, obviously, increasing the activity, so it's increasing the cost. But the way the R&D budget is sort of evolving from '17 to '18 is a few projects at a later stage, a full year cost on epacadostat and GVHD, and some baricitinib new indications.
Reid Huber: Geoff, this is Reid. I'll take your tumor mutational burden question. I think we're still in the early days as to understanding exactly how and when tumor mutational burden can predict response to checkpoint blockade or how it would be therefore relevant, let's say, to a doublet like epacadostat plus PD-1. The cut point is likely going to matter. I think it's likely to be histology dependent in some respects. And I'd point to melanoma, the data that we have in the public domain thus far suggests that, in general, it's a tumor histology with quite of a high tumor mutational burden relative to other tumor types. So the typical cut point you have around 10 mutations per mega base, well that's over half the population in melanoma. In fact, it might be closer to 70%. We'll be evaluating tumor mutational burden, including the degree of mutations as part of the correlative efficacy analyses. I think there's some interesting questions that we'll try to address as to how TMB may relate to other factors, such as IDO1 expression. The available data suggests that it actually doesn't relate really well to PD-L1 levels. So we'll be testing that with respect to IDO1 activity. And I think there's an interesting question as to whether or not combinations of these biomarkers may, in fact, be superior to any one biomarker, and those will be things that we'll start to explore in the 301 study. And importantly, there'll be things that we'll also explore in all of the studies of the ECHO program. So if you take a step back, our ability to ask some of these questions and get some preliminary answers in melanoma will also be true in non-small cell lung cancer, in head and neck cancer, in bladder cancer, renal cancer, et cetera. So I think it's a very exciting time for the space. And certainly, the ECHO program is a very interesting one in that respect.
Geoff Meacham: And then just real quick on the guidance for Jakafi. The long-term guidance is pretty impressive. GVHD, I suspect, there's a big addition. But what are the other drivers in that? Is it just steady addition of patients, lengthening duration of therapy, things like that? Or am I missing something?
Barry Flannelly: Yes, most of that -- this is Barry. Most of that growth really comes from continuing treating patients in MS earlier and PV as we penetrate that market to a greater degree, and patients staying on for longer. GVHD is part of that, ET is part of that. But in fact, most of the growth still comes from MF and PD.
Geoff Meacham: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is comes from Ying Huang from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have one maybe for Steve. When you do the primary analysis for PFS, would you also take a look at overall survival in this analysis? And then would you also release that maybe trend if you're seeing anything. Secondly, investors have always thought that the comparison for PFS will be the Bristol combo, which is OPDIVO plus YERVOY in melanoma, do you think that's the right comp we should look at when you release the PFS data from ECHO-301? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Ying, its Steven. In terms of the primary analysis, obviously progression-free survival will come before overall survival. They are co-primary endpoints in the study. The actual analysis is conducted, as you know, by Data and Safety Monitoring Board. And it is common for them to look at overall survival at the same time, particularly to make sure the trend is in the right fashion, et cetera. Whether they will release that data to us or not, as Herv said, upfront is uncertain at this point in time. It'll depend on maturity and other things. The actual overall survival analysis and final analysis will obviously come much later, and that's the co-primary endpoint. In terms of the relevant comparator beyond the comparator in the actual study, the nivo IPI data in melanoma has a progression-free survival of around 11.5 months, but it has to couple that with its tolerability profile with a high rate of Grade 3 for adverse events and a high rate of discontinuations. So all of those are relevant when you do risk-benefit analysis and comparative assessments. Obviously, it's always good to be in the same territory in terms of efficacy, as you then build in the tolerability profile and make decisions related to therapy. But the regulatory comparison is PD-1 monotherapy. The dominant clinical use in the U.S. and Europe in first-line is PD-1 monotherapy.
Ying Huang: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company. Your line is alive.
Eric Schmidt: Morning and thanks for taking my questions. Maybe a couple of upcoming epacadostat milestone questions for Steven. When are we going to see the next sort of Phase I/II round of updates on PD-1 plus epacadostat? I think Bristol, for example, waiting for the results on nivo plus epa in non-small cell lung cancer. And then second, I think you also still have some go/no-go decisions with your partners and tumor types like HCC, gastric, MSI, colorectal and DLBCL. When can we expect those? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Eric, its Steven. In terms of -- It's really a point of data availability and meeting cadence, as Herv used the term earlier, in terms of matching that. So obviously sit down with the partner, Merck or BMS or AstraZeneca, and decide what meeting to target or when to present. But I think you can expect over the course of this year at the major medical meetings, Phase I/II updates from ECHO-202, ECHO-204, for example, in some of the settings you mentioned, because that data will become available and be presented at those meetings. The second question you say there are still, within those studies, some datasets that were -- or some histologies that were added later, like hepatocellular cancer, like MSI-high colorectal cancer, like diffuse large B-cell. As those become available, again we will look at the data with our partners with our investigators and use historical controls to make go/no-go decisions. As to timing of that, it really will be over the course of this year and may continue to next year as well. I'd just remind you, at the present time, we have 9 ongoing Phase III's with epacadostat, so those -- we'll make careful decisions related to those histologies.
Eric Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya: Thank you. I just had two. First on baricitinib. I was hoping you could speak to the time line on [indiscernible] for the -- each of the 2 doses of baricitinib. At least based on our review of the available data, TEE [ph] rates for the 2-milligram dose do fall in line within the -- what seem -- the background rates in RA. But as we look at the 4-milligram data, there's a range and -- range of values we get, some that fall within the background rates, some that fall outside of it. Just hoping you just share your perspective there. And the second question is on the ECHO-301, specifically the biomarker analysis. If you do observe greater benefit in patients expressing IDO or those with high tumor mutational burden, would you amend the protocol in the other tumor cells? Do you still randomize for those characteristics?
Steven Stein: So Ian, its Steven. Thanks for your questions. Again, just to be clear, Lilly is running the resubmission with our input that say a Class 2 resubmission and in the 6-month review now, for which both us and Lilly expects an adcom at some point. As part of that resubmission and one of the key evidence was the ability to submit a much larger dataset. So obviously, longer follow-up in the Phase III studies, the use of marketed data particularly from Europe and markets like Germany, and then registry data. And Lilly has been clear that there are no new safety signals seen in any large the same dataset. In terms of the confirm background rate of venous thromboembolism in RA patients, there are many places you can go for that data. It's around 0.3 to 0.8 per 100 patient-years. The most often quoted number is 0.5 for 100 patient-years. The rate of venous thromboembolism in both the 2- and 4-milligram treatment groups in our studies with baricitinib is around 0.5. So our argument with Lilly has been that this -- could be in keeping with the background rate in rheumatoid arthritis. I think you point to the particular analysis around only looking at the studies during the placebo control period, where events were seen on the 4-milligram arm and not the 2-milligram arm. And that has to have an exposure adjustment done for it. Because if you don't do that at the end, you do get to a rate that is potentially higher, and there are many caveats to that. And obviously, that will be the substance of what's debated during the resubmission and potentially at the adcom. In terms of ECHO-301 and the learnings from biomarker analysis that Reid outlined, along -- in terms of PD-L1, IDO1, the tumor mutational burden and RNA sequencing, obviously, we always learn from our studies regardless of the outcome. If there are particularly -- particular subgroups that are enriched in terms of efficacy endpoints, that is something we would always look to applying into other studies, with a caveat that Reid mentioned around particular -- that histologies could have differences. We will have time to do that because all those Phase IIIs have just started over the last couple of months. And so that is something we can potentially use should there be a dataset to pursue there.
Ian Somaiya: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Carter Gould from UBS. Your line is now live.
Carter Gould: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. For Herv, how should we think about the biomarker data from ECHO-301 potentially impacting your regulatory strategy for melanoma? And as far as time lines and data disclosures, it sounds like there is a potential scenario where you may not get quantitative details on the PFS results from ECHO-301 until, say, ESMO in October, is that unreasonable? Thank you.
Steven Stein: So it's Steven, I'll take that question that you addressed to Herv. So as Reid said when we outlined the biomarker plan, we're not commenting on the regulatory specifics around it or the statistics around doing that. In addition, we don't have the data yet to make that analysis. So I'm going to leave the answer to that as stated. In terms of PFS data availability, as Herv said in the press release, we'll do what's required for disclosure, balancing the need to do full presentation at the scientific meeting and a full manuscript. So if you're looking for deep granular data, you'll have to wait for the actual presentation, and hopefully a manuscript that follows or even potentially at the same time. The press release data will be top line level data.
Carter Gould: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Katherine Xu from William Blair & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Katherine Xu: Good morning. I'm just wondering about this particular strategy point. For example, right now, your ambition of course is to put epacadostat as one of the foundational I/O I/O combos and the combo choice for PD-1, as well as multiple tumor types, and you're well underway doing that. And you're kind of going after the sort of anti-CTLA-4 plus anti-PD-1 kind of combo. This position there is similar efficacy and potentially better safety. I'm just curious about -- looking at the landscape, for example, the newly minted Nektar and BMS deal with the [indiscernible] IL-2, which had shown some interesting data in PD-L1 negatives, non-small cell lung cancer and other histologies, and other upcoming molecules. What are your thoughts there in terms of positioning the IDO1 franchise?
Reid Huber: Hi, Katherine. This is Reid. I'll try to take your question. So obviously, we did see the Nektar announcement and actually know the compound quite well and followed it closely. I think at a high level, it tells us 2 things about the space. One is -- and they're both quite important. The first one is that PD-1 monotherapy or even PD-1/CTLA-4 antagonism is not driving sufficient benefit. There is a need in the field to build on those regimens. And even though they've had a very important place in setting the field up where it is right now, there is a lot of chemical benefits still on the table, and I think this collaboration reflects that. Second is that combination therapy is absolutely going to be the rule, it's not going to be the exception. And I think both of those things are, frankly, reflected on our own portfolio, our own development program around epacadostat and other agents. Mechanistically, the Nektar product is designed to increase the proliferation of immune cells, effector cells in the tumor. And as you know and as we've even discussed a little bit on this call, that's going to lead to interferon-gamma production, and the tumor will command kind of regulatory mechanisms to try to attenuate that T cell response. So -- and even in the same -- in the case of an effective I/O 2 receptor beta activation, you're going to have a PD-L1 and likely IDO1 expression increased as a consequence of that. So in fact, if the Nektar product could show activity and ultimately be successfully developed and have an important part in the treatment landscape, I don't actually see it conflicting with an epacadostat program or other agents. It actually reinforces the need to have truly maximal kind of regulatory coverage at the level of the T cell. And I think, in that sense, epacadostat PD-1 antagonism is -- has the potential of being a foundational regimen, irrespective of whether IL-2 and the Nektar product is active or not.
Katherine Xu: With regards to preparing for various scenarios of ECHO-301, apparently we know what's going to happen if 301 is actually successful. And also, there could be intermediate scenario where there's some biomarker-defined population that could lead to a path forward, identifying a very good population that is responsive. I'm just curious, have you guys thought about how to prepare for a scenario where it's just a not-salvageable failure for ECHO-301?
Herv Hoppenot: I mean, obviously, I mean the data, when it's available, will tell us what we have. I think based on all the assumptions we have from different tumor types and across a number of indication, we know that IDO1 inhibition is an important mechanism. So 301 will tell us, as we've said, what we can observe on the overall population as you described it, it will -- and Reid was speaking about it, it give us information also from the subpopulation or the subgroup standpoint. And when we have a lot of that in our hand, I mean, it will guide us how we go to the next step.
Katherine Xu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for two more questions. Our next question is coming from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, great. I wanted to turn over to a different program. And I was curious about your FIGHT-202 study. Can you maybe provide some rationale as to why this would work in some of the other groups you've identified, the patients, for example, without the FGF mutations or with other alterations? Just curious on the rationale as to why it would work there. And then maybe just a sense of timing for this study and how fast -- if you get the market given the unmet medical need, what would be -- with positive data here in at least one of these groups, what will be the regulatory strategy? Thank you.
Steven Stein: Liisa, its Steven. Thank you for your question. So firstly, it's a compound that we -- came from our own chemistry group. It's a really good compound. We understand its pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile really well in terms of phosphate elevations. And we've dosed that to the maximum allowable there. And we feel that gives us potentially good competitive advantage versus the other FGFR inhibitors, in general. In terms of picking cholangiocarcinoma, and at the time we started there was only a real -- one competitor there and we basically have been able to jump past them with really good clinical trial execution. So we feel in terms of cholangio, we're ahead. The FGFR2 translocation population, which occurs in about 5% to upwards of 15% of cholangio populations across the world, it's felt to be a driver there, an oncogenic driver. So the ability to inhibit that with a good compound whose PK and PD we understand, would then, hopefully, translate to clinical efficacy in terms of response rates and durability of response. There is two other populations, as you point out, that was studied in the same study, which is other FGFR alterations. That's done to see if perhaps there is some effect there for one, but also from a regulatory standard to demonstrate the negative control, and that's why it includes non-alterated patients at all. So the likelihood in those latter two populations is potentially some small effect in the alteration population. And then in the non, very little to none because of the targeted nature of the therapy. As a package then, given the number of patients and our ability to execute, that could form the basis of an approval package in the United States and potentially even in Europe given the unmet need and the way the study is conducted. It has enrolled really well. As we said, we will get data this year. And then we'll look at its stability to form a regulatory submission package over this year and potentially early next year. But we're very, very pleased with how this program has gone to date.
Liisa Bayko: Okay. thanks. Interesting study design. And then just a last question from me. Where else would you see possible expansion of this molecule onto other tumor types? Thanks.
Steven Stein: Yes. So the FIGHT program in general includes metastatic bladder cancer study that's driven by FGFR3 translocations. And then the third study within that suite of studies is in a rare myeloproliferative neoplasm that's driven by an 8p11 translocation, where it's FGFR1 driven actually. So all 3 of those we're running sponsored studies. There are a host of other areas where FGFR biology may be important, which we're exploring either in small studies on our own or with investigator collaborations. But it's really around FGFR as a driver. What I've discussed to date is all monotherapy and approval strategies, but there's obviously then opportunities to move into combinations, particularly in earlier-line settings, for example, in bladder cancer or potentially in cholangio if we wanted to do. But it's all around the FGFR biology.
Liisa Bayko: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question today is coming from Ren Benjamin from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Ren Benjamin: Hey. Thanks, guys for squeezing me in. This one might be for Barry. Can you talk a little bit about your thoughts regarding the real world trends in terms of duration of therapy, how many patients may be coming off? And just some clarity regarding -- I think Celgene mentioned that 60% of patients are on Jakafi, I think Incyte in the past has talked about 30%. Can you help us come to what that real number might be? A quick one for Steven regarding -- when was the last time the DSMB met? And how often do you guys get an update as to the events that are occurring, so you feel very confident that this will occur in the first half of 2018? And just another one for Reid, if you could pick a favorite pipeline product that no one's really paying attention to, that people might in 2019 or 2020, which one would that be? Thanks.
Barry Flannelly: So I'll go first and then hand it off to the rest of the guys. So as far as real world goes, the -- we talk about persistency all the time, we know that persistency for both myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera patients gets better all the time. But the best evidence is really turning to the clinical trials, where in our RESPONSE study, 80% of the patients were still on drug at 2 years; and from our COMFORT trials in myelofibrosis, 50% of patients is running on 3 years. Real world data may be less than that, but we know because of the growing total number of patients on Jakafi at any given time continues to grow nicely, that persistency is growing as we continue to add new patients to that. What Celgene was talking about, I think, was just saying that of the patients who are eligible to receive Jakafi for myelofibrosis, that maybe 10% to 20% of them came off of drug because of intolerability or non -- or loss of response, and then another percent that weren't able to get the drug because it was -- they had less than 100,000 platelets. What I said before was in fact that, in fact, we do have dosing and scheduling for patients between 50,000 and 100,000 platelets in our label, and that was a result of an sNDA that we sent to the FDA after our original indications. So that doesn't hold up very well. Plus we didn't talk about fedratinib, it actually has just as much thrombocytopenia as Jakafi does and maybe perhaps even more Grade 3/4 thrombocytopenia. So that didn't make very much sense. And I'll turn it over to Steven.
Steven Stein: It's Steven. In terms of the Data and Safety Monitoring Board, we don't comment on either the frequency or timing of meetings. In terms of the event rate, we are absolutely confident in that the PFS analysis will take place in the first half of this year.
Reid Huber: Ren, this is Reid. I have to be really careful about trying to pick favorite children amongst a pretty interesting crop. But I think one of the areas that people aren't paying that much attention to and I think it's very important to us is the early development work that we're doing in combination with rux in myelofibrosis. There's some very compelling preclinical data and translational data that we've generated along with some of our academic collaborators, including at Moffitt. And I think those data support very well a strategy to try to improve the clinical benefit that MF patients received on ruxolitinib, and that could include things like the allele burden itself. And so we have a very exciting group of trials know that Steven's team is executing that includes JAK1 combination, PI3-kinase delta combinations, PIM combinations and, potentially soon, also bromodomain inhibitor combinations. And that's a collection of science in a space that we understand very, very well. And from a regulatory standpoint, we could move on aggressively. And you can appreciate what that can mean both to our longer-term revenue prospects in myelofibrosis. It runs a very stark counterpoint to where fedratinib is and what Celgene is trying to do with a slightly inferior JAK2 inhibitor. And also, it has its own fixed dose combination potential since we're talking about oral therapies on top of rux. So there's a lot of work to do and it's still all potential and no data, but I'm excited by the prospects there.
Ren Benjamin: Great. Thanks, guys and good luck.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Herv for closing remarks.
Herv Hoppenot: Okay. Thank you. Thank you all for your time today and for your questions. So we look forward, obviously, to seeing some of you at upcoming investor and medical conferences. But for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you, and bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Diego. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. And I'm joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven, Dave, and Reid. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2017 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans for our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for his introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So I'm very pleased to report another very successful quarter at Incyte with dynamic revenue growth, driven by sales of both Jakafi and Iclusig, and with significant progress in multiple places in our clinical development portfolio. So let's begin with Q3 revenue. So you can see on slide 5, remarkable growth in product-related revenue over the past five years. So, that's revenue without the milestone, which has seen a compounded annual growth rate of more than 50%. Five years ago, Incyte's product-related revenue was made of Jakafi's sales and Jakavi royalties in myelofibrosis and we have come a long way since then. Jakafi sales and royalties remains a key component of our revenue growth, and Iclusig sales and Olumiant royalties are now adding to it. We believe Incyte is in a unique position, combining strong revenue growth with a cutting edge portfolio of project at every stage of development. And I will now spend a few minutes in our late stage development portfolio. So, slide 6 summarizes the late-stage project and the indication being pursued. Pivotal program for ruxolitinib are open in both steroid refractory GVHD and essential thrombocythemia, and itacitinib is also in the pivotal program for GVHD. Recruitment is proceeding well in our two key FGFR trial and our PI 3-kinase delta program is also moving forward where we are opening trial in four different non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. And of course, the ECHO program for epacadostat continues to progress and we are looking forward to the readout of the pivotal ECHO-301 trial in melanoma expected in the first half of 2018. I believe that over the next five years, these five listed product candidates have the potential to further accelerate our revenue growth and we look forward to reporting on future developments. So, on slide 7, you see our leadership position in immuno-oncology is driven by our roots in immunology research; and we consider our ongoing epacadostat plus PD-1 collaboration to be only the beginning for us in this field. Our discovery and development teams now have many candidates in the clinic to explore the I-O space, such as IDO1, obviously, arginase, JAK1, bromodomain, and PI 3-kinase delta inhibitors, as well as our GITR and OX40 antagonist. We have recently announced two new collaborations that we believe will serve to further enhance our immuno-oncology portfolio, and I'll touch on this on slides 8 and 9. On slide 8, you can see that we have agreed with AstraZeneca to expand our existing clinical collaboration and move into Phase 3 development in a trial which will study epacadostat plus durvalumab in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. This study builds on AstraZeneca's recent success in the PACIFIC study, and the objective of the study is to establish a new standard of care in the same patient population as was studied in PACIFIC. We will share the cost of the trial with AstraZeneca, and the trial is expected to begin in the first half of next year. We are also excited to announce, last week, we did  that we have entered into a global collaboration and license agreement with MacroGenics for its PD-1 antogonist MGA012, which is already in the clinic. Under the agreement, Incyte will hold exclusive world-wide development and commercialization rights in all indications, and Incyte will record all global sales for the compound. As you can see here on slide 9, we have a total of seven in-house assets today that has the potential to be combined with the PD-1 antagonist and are currently in Phase 1 PD-1 combination trial, and we intend to proceed into combination trial with MGA012 as soon as possible. Yet, what is different about this collaboration is that the agreement also grants MacroGenics the right to develop MGA012 in combination with its own pipeline. And we believe that this innovative collaboration structure with MacroGenics provides us with significant optionality and may increase the compounds' commercial potential. Now on slide 10. Drug discovery remains central at Incyte and we have successfully added two large molecule discovery alliances to our small molecule expertise, one for monoclonal and one for bispecific antibody. These three platforms are expected to enable us to go after a multitude of future target. We have five late-stage program within our development portfolio and it originate for what could potentially be a good number of new products and new indication approval, we now have operation in the U.S., Europe and Japan as we continue to build Incyte into a world-class biopharmaceutical company. As part of this process, we are also very pleased to have Jackie Fouse join our Board of Directors. Jackie has extensive experience in oncology and in the biopharma field and she will be a wonderful addition to our team. With that, I'll pass the call to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Jakafi net sales were strong in Q3 of 2017 at $304 million, a 36% increase over Q3 2016 and a 10% increase over the second quarter of this year. Jakafi's performance in the quarter was driven by strong patient demand for both indications. We believe this demonstrates our approach of educating physicians on the benefits of intervening early with Jakafi therapy and supporting patients through our educational and awareness initiatives, continues to be very effective. We did see some inventory builds in Q3 which is now slightly above the high-end of our typical range of two and a half to three weeks. In dollar amounts, this inventory represents approximately $5 million of net sales. As a result of our strong sales growth, we are revising our full-year 2017 net product revenue guidance for Jakafi from a range of $1.090 billion to $1.120 billion to a new range of $1.125 billion to $1.135 billion. I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of the long-term revenue potential of Jakafi beyond MF and PD. Jakafi also has potential to benefit patients with graft-versus-host disease an underserved community of patients, who may have been cured of their cancer by a stem cell transplant, only to suffer a side effect of that treatment resulting in GVHD. Data from REACH1 in steroid-refractory acute GVHD are expected in the first half of next year. And if the results are positive, we expect to be able to file an sNDA for Jakafi in this indication in 2018. We have also opened a pivotal study in patients with essential thrombocythemia. Jakafi has already transformed the lives of thousands of patients with MPNs, and we continue to work with doctors, patients, patient advocacy groups and the FDA to further expand access to those who may be able to benefit from this treatment. With that, I'll pass along the call to Steven for a clinical update.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 15, I'd like to start by reminding you of the scope of our current pivotal program with epacadostat. As you are all aware, ECHO-301 is ongoing in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. The trial has completed enrollment and we are now waiting for events to accrue. We remain on track to announce results in the first half of 2018. Earlier this year, we announced that we would be expanding the epacadostat program to include pivotal trials in four additional tumor types in combination with either Merck's pembrolizumab or Bristol's nivolumab. These studies are all on track to begin enrollment by the end of 2017. As Herv mentioned, we were pleased to announce that we are expanding further with a pivotal study in combination with AstraZeneca's durvalumab in patients with Stage III non-small cell lung cancer. Our clinical development team along with our partners at Merck and Bristol are working hard to initiate the additional trials of epacadostat in combination with either pembrolizumab or nivolumab. The details of the renal and both lung studies with pembrolizumab are now available on ct.gov and we've summarized the trial schema for these studies on this slide, slide 16. All the three trials will be conducted in patients that are treatment nave for their advanced disease. ECHO-302 will study the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab in patients with renal cell carcinoma versus standard of care. In this case, either Sutent or Votrient in a simple two arm design. ECHO-305 will study the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab in patients with PD-L1 high expression lung cancer versus pembrolizumab monotherapy. Pembrolizumab monotherapy is the care standard in this population. ECHO-306 will evaluate patients with lung cancer irrespective of their PD-L1 status. The evolving care standard in this population is pembrolizumab plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy. And therefore, this is used as the comparator arm. We are also taking the opportunity in this study to investigate the possibility of a chemotherapy-free combination. And so we are not only including a triplet arm of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy, but also a third arm of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab. The co-primary endpoints for all three trials will be progression-free survival and overall survival. Next, I'd like to spend a few minutes speaking about our other immuno-oncology assets and the significant progress we are making here. Our GITR agonist, INCAGN1876, and our OX40 agonist, INCAGN1949, have both completed dose escalation. Each of these candidates is now moving ahead in multiple combination cohorts. INCAGN1876 is in combination with epacadostat and pembrolizumab, and separately in combinations with nivolumab monotherapy or nivolumab plus ipilimumab. INCAGN1949 is currently progressing into combinations with either nivolumab monotherapy or nivolumab plus ipilimumab. Our first in class arginase inhibitor INCB1158 is continuing with dose escalation and has recently moved into combination studies with pembrolizumab. We also plan to evaluate INCB1158 in both epacadostat and chemotherapy-based combinations. On slide 18, outside of immuno-oncology, we have what we believe is an exciting portfolio of targeted therapies. Over the last year, we have put together a broad program to study the effects of JAK inhibition for patients suffering from graft-versus-host disease. The program spans both acute and chronic graft-versus-host disease and will also evaluate various other treatment settings, such as prophylaxis for the condition, patients that are treatment nave, and patients that are steroid-refractory. The first pivotal trial of ruxolitinib in graft-versus-host disease, REACH1 is evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory, acute graft-versus-host disease, and is expected to readout next year. The GRAVITAS-301 study was recently initiated and will evaluate itacitinib in patients with treatment-nave acute graft-versus-host disease. On slide 19, I'd like to cover our other two late stage assets. Our selective FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, INCB54828 is being evaluated in two key programs, one in metastatic bladder cancer, and then other in cholangiocarcinoma. These studies are recruiting well. Our highly selective PI 3-kinase delta inhibitor, INCB50465 is being studied in a broad program, which includes trials for a number of non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. Our program is additionally investigating dose and scheduling to maintain efficacy, while hopefully ameliorating toxicity. On slide 20, I'll discuss some highlights from our upcoming news flow. As I've already mentioned, the additional Phase 3 studies with pembrolizumab and nivolumab are on track to begin by the end of this year. Also expected by the end of this year will be the first-in-man data from our lead BRD inhibitor, which will highlight the data we used to determine to prioritize development of INCB57643 over INCB54329. First-in-man data from our PIM inhibitor, INCB53914 is also expected later this year. Heading into the first half of 2018, we are looking forward to the results of the ECHO-301 study, as well as the results from REACH1, our pivotal study of ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease. Lastly, and following the new go forward decision with AstraZeneca, we expect to initiate a Phase 3 study of epacadostat in combination with durvalumab for the treatment of lung cancer patients in the first half of 2018. We've made significant advances in the clinics so far in 2017, and we have ambitious goals as we head into next year. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave, for the financial update.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Steven. And good morning, everyone. Our financial performance in the third quarter was very strong. We recorded $382 million of total revenue. This was comprised of $304 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $18 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $41 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis, and $3 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. In addition, we recorded a $15 million milestone related to the approval of Olumiant in Japan as contract revenue. Jakafi's net product revenue of $304 million represents 36% growth over the same period at last year. Based on Jakafi's performance for the first nine months of the year, we are increasing our full-year Jakafi net product revenue guidance to a range of $1.125 billion to $1.135 billion. Our gross-to-net adjustment for the third quarter was approximately 12%. We expect that the total gross-to-net adjustment for the full-year to be approximately 13%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $22 million. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payment of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales, and the amortization of acquired product rights related to the Iclusig product acquisition in Europe. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $270 million, including $23 million in non-cash stock compensation and a $12 million in-process research and development asset impairment charge due to the discontinuation of the Iclusig second-line CML trial that began prior to the acquisition of the European ARIAD operations in 2016. The remaining increase in R&D expense over the previous quarter was driven by continued progress on the epacadostat Phase 3 studies, the advancement of ruxolitinib GVHD studies, and the expansion of studies in our large molecule programs. For the full-year, we expect R&D expense to be in a range of $1.250 billion to $1.300 billion, of which approximately $360 million is related to the amended Agenus collaboration, and the Merus, Calithera, and MacroGenics collaborations. The increase in R&D expense guidance over the prior quarter is primarily related to the $150 million upfront payment under the recently announced license agreement with MacroGenics. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $91 million, including $12 million in non-stock cash compensation. We recorded a $16 million net benefit related to the change in the fair market value of the contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability. This net benefit included $8 million of recurring expense related to the change in the fair market value of the contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability, and a $24 million benefit related to the discontinued Iclusig second-line CML trial as previously mentioned. As a result, we expect full-year expense related to the change in fair market value of contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability to be in a range of $5 million to $7 million. This is a decrease in expense of the previous guidance last quarter. Moving on to non-operating expenses, we recorded a $23 million unrealized gain on our long-term investments in Merus and Agenus during the quarter. Looking at the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $1.3 billion in cash and marketable securities, and expect to end the year with over a $1.1 billion. The increase in cash and marketable securities compared to the prior quarter is primarily related to the recent public offering of approximately 5 million shares of our common stock resulting in net proceeds to the company of approximately $650 million. On the final slide, you'll see our full-year guidance. Incorporating all the previously discussed changes, we now expect a net loss between $290 million and $300 million for the year. Subtracting the upfront and milestone expenses of approximately $360 million, related to the amended Agenus collaboration, and the Merus, Calithera, and MacroGenics collaborations, our forecast of results for the full-year 2017 would be net income of $60 million to $70 million. To summarize, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance. We exceeded $1 billion in total revenues years  total revenue year-to date. Our clinical development programs are advancing as planned. We continue to add to our development pipeline. And we have a strong balance sheet to support our continued growth for the long-term. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting our question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan Chase and Company. Please state your question.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions and nice quarter. So, I have two for you. I guess, first is probably for Steven and it's on the overall strategy for epacadostat in lung cancer. Now that you've added durvalumab to pembrolizumab and nivolumab in terms of advancing to Phase 3 and each seemed to be going after different segments or combinations in the market and maybe specifically on this front, as it relates to ECHO-306, do you have evidence of additive effects for IDO when added to a PD-1 chemo combo? And then I have one follow-up.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Cory. Hi, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. So, obviously, as you well know and others do, lung cancer incorporates many different settings and different histologies as well. The whole premise behind immunotherapy has always pointed to the fact that the  that it may  its maximum benefit may be in areas of low disease burden or even in the adjuvant setting, where you have maybe, potentially, micrometastatic disease to beat. So, our studies encompass the high-expressing PD-L1 population in combination with pembrolizumab monotherapy which is a care standard there. In the low-expressing settings, the chemotherapy combination with pembrolizumab is felt to be the care standard, despite what happened last week with Merck withdrawing their application in Europe based on KEYNOTE-021G subgroup. We've always felt that the KEYNOTE-189 data was going to be the gating event, that data will report out way before our study finishes. And so, we obviously incorporating a Phase 3 study in combination there, but also exploring a chemotherapy-free option as well. So, there's three arms that particular study. If you're asking me, do we have efficacy data in combination with chemotherapy that has enabled us, we have ongoing work looking primarily at the safety with chemotherapy combinations. No, and we have not presented efficacy data with that particular combination yet. In the adjuvant or early setting, the Stage III non-small cell lung cancer setting building on specific data, which is post-chemotherapy, radiation combination therapy for patients who are either in a complete remission, partial remission, or stable disease, obviously the durvalumab data in PACIFIC was highly encouraging for a progression-free survival disease free survival benefit. And this is, again, where immunotherapy, as I said upfront, is felt to potentially work best and that is what we explore in there, the combination versus durvalumab alone. Overarching everything that I'm saying is our tolerability profile. As you know, we presented now on a number of occasions with exposure data that now exceeds a year. We're very comfortable in our tolerability profile. And, again, that should there be the efficacy we want in the adjuvant setting would be a real win to have that sort of tolerability profile. That's our current strategy across lung cancer. We have not yet announced our BMS plans publicly.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then the second question is for probably Herv or maybe Steven as well. Can you just discuss the strategic thinking behind the MacroGenics collaborations with their PD-1 inhibitor. What was the primary driving force behind doing this deal? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. So, maybe a step back on  in immuno-oncology, what we have seen over the past few years is really the establishment of single agent PD-1 in multiple indication across multiple tumor types across many different companies, in fact. And that has been very steady, it has been making progress over more or less the past five years. If you remember CTLA-4 was the first mechanism, and then PD-1 more or less took the position of being the single agent leader in multiple indication. What we believe, and that's shared by many, many people, is that the next wave, the next frontier for everybody is how to establish I-O/I-O combinations either with or without chemotherapy, by the way. But how do we find good combination that will improve the profile of PD-1 alone? We know, in that field, the only existing combination is CTLA-4 and PD-1 and, obviously, with our epacadostat PD-1, we are also trying to establish that across a number of indications. So, what we see in front of us is a new effort, a new wave of clinical test that will be trying to establish combinations of PD-1 plus other product. And as you saw on the slide we showed a little bit earlier, we have seven of them already in the clinic. It includes very different hypotheses from the scientific standpoint. So, some of them are large molecule, like GITR and OX40; some of them are smaller  small molecule like arginase, JAK, PI 3-kinase delta, epacadostat. And what we  we're looking at is saying as we are embarking into this new wave of studies, what we would like is to be able to do it with our own PD-1. We have ongoing studies with pembrolizumab and nivolumab with all of these products. And with this deal what we will be able to do is initiate in 2018 combination study with each of these seven mechanism; and then, based on what we learned from the biology and the existing data, we'll be able to move this program to the next step of a pivotal study after we have established that. So, what it gives us is flexibility. It gives us speed. In fact, there is an economic benefit of doing it with your own PD-1 and it could potentially also be beneficial from the  in fact, it certainly will be beneficial to the top line by adding an additional product to our portfolio. And amortizing the cost of development across two products instead of one. So, that was what was driving us. It's not very different from what we discussed over the past two years. This opportunity came up and we think it's a good product, and we will be able to move quickly to combination trial in 2018.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please state your question.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I have a couple. I think for either Steve or Reid. So, the first one is on epacadostat, I know small numbers based on your Phase 2, but I want to get your perspective on the opportunity in PD-L1-negative patients or in minimal expressers, especially as you ramp up Phase 3 combo studies outside of melanoma? And then on ruxolitinib in GVHD, I know data coming up next year for REACH1, but maybe what would you point to in this indication as a clinically meaningful result either response rate or duration of response and how's this different between the chronic and the acute setting? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Geoff, it's Steven. Thanks for your question, and Reid may weigh in after I speak. In terms of your question related to epacadostat in our Phase 2 data in both PD-L1-positive patients and PD-L1-negative, and again we need to be careful in general in terms of which tests we're using whether it's Merck or BMS and what cut-offs we're using. So, that's just as a general caveat. Obviously, to date, we've presented data in both those populations across multiple tumors. We have some intriguing albeit low numbers to date responses in PD-L1 negatives and we have PD-L1 unknown data which may include both. And, so, I think the jury is still out on whether we'll be able to further enhance the effect in low expressers in PD-L1 negatives and get T-cells to do what they need to do there. But that's been tested across the programs including, as you said, in melanoma where there's no selection upfront, there's merely stratification after the fact , and we expect the vast majority of patients in melanoma to be PD-L1 high or positive. In lung cancer, as we've outlined in the things we put out publicly to date, their selection upfront in both those populations and the question being answered at least in the ECHO-306, is also in combination with chemotherapy. But, all we can point to to date is the data we've shown publicly with some intriguing responses in the negatives. In terms of ruxolitinib in graft-versus-host disease and across the populations, it's a little bit different for acute versus chronic in terms of what's considered clinically meaningful benefit as well as regulatory benefit. But for REACH1, there's an established primary endpoint of a Day 28 response rate, which is defined by internationally-defined bone marrow criteria, which will look at that response data. But it has to be coupled with a durability of response as well. So, in the shorter settings, in the acute setting, you look for example at three-month durability of response data coupled with the primary Day 28 response rates. In the chronic setting, you look a little bit further out upwards of six months, but it  and it's really the combination of both response, as well as the duration of response for both of those settings. Thank you.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe another one for Steven. It seems like there's increased interest in moving I-O into the adjuvant setting, and I'm wondering if it's too early to talk about epacadostat in such a role and whether you're planning such trials? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Eric, it's Steven. As I said upfront, in the adjuvant setting, what you're doing in those patients, in that population is treating a potential disease that you can't see so, micro metastatic disease, to try and increase cure rates. In those settings, it's where, in general, immunotherapy-based approaches are felt to be potentially most beneficial. So, you've seen now, reported out adjuvant melanoma studies with different checkpoint and checkpoint plus CTLA-4 combinations showing benefit already. So, the next thing to do is in melanoma, if the ECHO-301 data points to it, is to test epacadostat in combination with checkpoint in adjuvant melanoma. And what you've seen us doing in the lung cancer setting is trying to build on the durvalumab data in a Stage III non-small cell lung cancer setting, which has a much higher risk for relapse. So, many of those patients untreated, unfortunately, will relapse and you saw the very impressive progression-free and disease-free survival data with durvalumab and now looking at the combination with epacadostat to see if we can further enhance that. And then, I'll end by the comment I made earlier. Tolerability is key in an adjuvant population. These patients are otherwise well, I want to get on with their lives and don't, for the most part, want to suffer, if they can avoid it, any debilitating side effects. So, our tolerability profile here is encouraging. Obviously, it has to be coupled with an efficacy win as well.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. With regard to the pipeline, can you provide us with the clinical rationale here for this JAK1 plus osimertinib combination study? And then, when should we expect the pivotal FIGHT and CITADEL programs to reach out?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, it's Steven. I'll start and, again, Reid may add. If you look at EGFR inhibitor therapy in lung cancer in general, and now this  the newer generation EGFR inhibitors like osimertinib with their enhanced efficacy post upfront EGFR therapy and potentially in an earlier-line setting . One of the potential mechanisms of resistance is upregulation of the JAK-STAT pathway during therapy with those EGFR inhibitors. So, it's looking at the addition of JAK to osimertinib in that setting to see if we can avert the development of resistance and thus improve clinical outcomes namely time-to-event outcomes. I think your second question was related to timelines to pivotal data from the CITADEL and the FIGHT programs, is that correct? I'll address that and then you can correct me afterward. So, those are underway at the moment. The FIGHT program is our FGFR 1/2/3 inhibitor looking at three different settings: metastatic bladder cancer, cholangiocarcinoma, and a rare myeloproliferative neoplasm. All of those entities are driven by genetic mutations involved in the FGFR pathway that are oncogenic and felt to drive those diseases. In the bladder setting, that's FGFR3; in cholangio, it's FGFR1; and in the myeloproliferative neoplasm, it's an 8p11 translocation. Those studies are ongoing. They're enrolling really, really well despite needing genetic selection. We have been really encouraged by the enrollment. And we should be getting data over the ensuing 24 months. For the CITADEL program, in general, that's our PI 3-kinase delta inhibitor across different non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, diffuse large B-cell, mantle, marginal and follicular lymphomas, that program is looking at trying to avert toxicity by changing dosing schedule over time. And that is also  will be enrolling patients over the ensuing 24 months. So, it's a little early to speak about when we'll be seeing pivotal data on those. Thanks.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Congrats for the quarter and thanks for taking my questions. Specifically, I want to ask about the Phase 3 ECHO-301 primary analysis. Is it going to be done in all-comers or on PD-L1-positive melanoma patients only? And then, maybe another one for Steve, have you guys enrolled any patients with Stage III non-small cell lung cancer in the ECHO-203 trial in combination with durvalumab? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Ying, hi, it's Steven. The Phase 3 ECHO-301 melanoma study is in all-comers. There is stratification for PD-L1 status. So, PD-L1 positive and negative is captured upfront and they'll be balance between the treatment arms for each of those groups. So, both the standard of care arm of pembrolizumab and the experimental arm of pembrolizumab plus epacadostat will have the same representation proportionally of PD-L1 positives and negatives. So, again, just to be clear, it's a stratification factor, but the primary analysis is in everybody. In terms of Stage III non-small cell lung cancer patients in the program to date, no we have not enrolled those sorts of patients because of their potential curative nature to date. So, our program is focused to date on latter-stage patients. Thanks.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on the quarter and the continued progress with the pipeline. Couple of questions on the epacadostat pembrolizumab lung cancer Phase 3 designs. I guess, I'm just wondering if you could talk about any potential dose ranging you might need to do for the chemo study for the epacadostat PD-1 chemo arm? Whether you're looking for superiority or non-inferiority for the chemo-free checkpoint IDO arm versus the checkpoint chemo arm, which epacadostat arm would need to hit to constitute success of that study? And then if you might be able to give us any sense of timelines for a potential interim or full data from that  those recently announced non-small cell lung cancer programs? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Brian, hi. It's Steven. I'll try and answer all four of your questions. So, the enabling safety work for the chemotherapy combinations has been going on in the background for months now. The intent is not to have to change dosing at all and use our Phase 3 doses they've been using across the program, and the ones we have announced to date, all at 100 milligrams BID. So, as long as long as safety stands up to what it's been to date, that's the dose we'll be using in the announced programs for which we have greater than 80% to 90% inhibition of the enzyme, which we've shown in our Phase 1 data. Your question two, all the analyses are superiority in the announced programs to date. They  all the comparisons of superiority comparisons, there is no non-inferiority comparison in anything we've announced to date. In terms of success, the studies are all undertaken with equipoise upfront looking at a standard of care, and then compare it to either one or in the other announced study ECHO-306, two different comparator arms, both looking at superiority. Success will be hitting the endpoints in terms of efficacy that is clinically meaningful and statistically significant for any of those arms, either the chemo-containing or the chemo-free one. And I think in terms of timelines down the pike, it's really too early given that the studies haven't initiated the ends on the publicly announced ones, in terms of the enrollment numbers, are there for you on ct.gov. And we hope we have the success we had with the melanoma study already in terms of enrollment. And then, it'll be term  it will be waiting for the endpoints and then so you can do your own calculations there in terms of where  when we may see it. And I think those were all four of your questions.
Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Indeed. Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on the quarter as well. One, just around  just trends you're seeing now that the NCCN guidelines have changed for PV, and just kind of wanted to see kind of how  do you feel like you're kind of in the midpoint of the education process or is there still sufficiently more wood to chop. And the last one is just philosophically on CTLA-4. Do you think there's a need for better CTLA-4s or is that something you're interested in maybe at your I-O combinations? Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Okay, Alethia. This is Barry. I'll take the first part of your question about the NCCN guidelines and PV. We continue to grow very nicely in PV, the NCCN guidelines obviously help. As we've said before, that PV total patients continues to grow faster than MF total patient growth, but both MF and PV total patients continue to grow. The education process continues for PV, but we think it's going very well, and we continue to penetrate the available patient population.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Alethia. This is Reid. I'll take your question on CTLA-4. I think, obviously, it was the first-in-class mechanism, really, that established immunotherapy and serves as the foundation for the wave that we're in right now. And it's fundamentally limited by its systemic tolerability profile. But, clearly, it's an efficacious agent and when added to backbone checkpoint inhibitor therapy like PD-1 axis blockade can be highly active and, unfortunately, also highly toxic, at least for some patients with irreversible inflammatory conditions. So, it's important, I think, for the field that we try to learn from that experience with CTLA-4 and that can come from a few different directions. One is understanding the importance of selecting targets that have a mechanism of action that's constrained to the tumor microenvironment and not necessarily systematically acting drugs and I think we've seen now a wave of new mechanisms coming into the clinic which are designed to do just that. Certainly, epacadostat and IDO1 inhibition is one of those mechanisms, but there's many others in our pipeline and in others. I think there's another question as to whether or not we can be better at constraining CTLA-4 activity to the tumor microenvironment through other approaches. Bristol is taking a few different approaches such as enhancing effect or function of the antibody, trying to mask activity and release it only in the tumor microenvironment through another technology from CytomX. There maybe bispecific approaches to CTLA-4 that could be interesting as well. There's still a lot we don't know about the basics of why CTLA-4 is active in one cell type it's active in and why it's systemic toxicities are the way they are. But I think a lot of these approaches are going to design to determine whether there could be a better CTLA-4 antibody and one that is  still contains its tumor-directed efficacy but avoids the systemic toxicity. So, it's a work in progress, but it's absolutely an important one for the field to continue to study.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya with BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Two questions. First on just the MacroGenics PD-1. I'm just trying to understand what the larger goal is. Just given the ongoing studies with PD-1s whether it's pembrolizumab, Opdivo, or now with durvalumab with epacadostat, your goal is obviously to establish a new standard of care, which would also make it more challenging for you to be able to succeed in those settings with the MacroGenics PD-1. And, I guess, what I'm trying to understand is the goal of the MacroGenics deal to establish simply new triplets, is that where we should be  how we should be thinking about the future development? And then I had a question on Jakafi.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Let me try to answer the question about PD-1. Epacadostat is not the key driver of the PD-1 agreement. I know it sounds a little bizarre because obviously epacadostat will be a potential beneficiary of this  having our own PD-1 in the long run. But the way we were thinking was more of the other six products we have currently in Phase 1 combination trial with pembrolizumab and nivolumab, and how to make that clinical development faster, economically easier and potentially giving us the economic benefit of having our own PD-1. So, that was really the key driver was not to have some sort of short-term epacadostat impact, but to have an impact on the other six products. We are now moving through the process. And that could be done by studying the safety studies in 2018, and then where we feel we have information to move forward, where we'll be able then to get each of these projects moving forward. Concerning epacadostat obviously someday there could be a benefit of having our own PD-1. There are two scenario, one of them is that pembrolizumab and nivolumab and durvalumab plus epacadostat are established standard of care in multiple indications, so that would be one. Well the question is, can we do it with our own PD-1 also? But there is something that's probably has a far higher probability of success is that we would be also moving through triplets as you were describing, where as we are identifying other combinations that include epacadostat and potentially some of our other product, we will be able to do it with our own PD-1. So, there is a strategic aspect, there is a tactical clinical development aspect and there is a commercial aspect, and that's why I think it's very important for us to have this product in our own portfolio.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks Herv. That's very helpful. And the other question I had on Jakafi and maybe one I've asked before. Can you just speak to the line extension, the investor base  investors generally are obviously focused  more focused on companies' lead assets and the sustainability of that revenue stream. We appreciate obviously lack of near-term competition or any sort of visible competition. But just if you could speak to how you can maintain this revenue stream, what line extension opportunities you're working on, and is there any timeline that you can show?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Ian, it's Barry. So I'll just try to expand. So I think we've said before  we certainly said before that we'll exceed $2 billion in total revenue for Jakafi, mostly just with MF and PV and adding in GVHD. When we talk about GVHD as a line extension, we are really talking about acute and chronic GVHD together, right. And then obviously we have essential thrombocythemia. But what we really think the drivers continue to be myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera patients and then add-ons are acute and chronic GVHD and essential thrombocythemia.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Well, Barry, I just...
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: And then on the...
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): How do you replace Jakafi, when (48:41)?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. So let me and maybe you can  Reid can help on the mechanism, but we have like basically two phases of development where we are trying to improve over Jakafi for both MF and PV and maybe potentially some of the other indication. One of them is working on the  on combination of mechanism and this is already in the clinic, where we are testing combination with delta, we are testing some alternative schedule of tracks and all of that is already ongoing. On top of that, we are also looking at new mechanisms that could be helping patients with MF and PV. And maybe Reid can speak about some of these collaborations.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Ian, this is Reid. I think it's an important area for us to continue to innovate in. We're very proud with the efforts that we've done in the MPN space. And I think have brought a very important therapy now to patients. But there still are patients that unfortunately don't receive an optimized benefit from the available therapies and there're still other aspects of benefit that we may be able to achieve with new approaches, new combinations, new therapies. So this is an active subject of research here. Herv mentioned, the doublet studies in myelofibrosis, I'll remind you that really the selection of targets like PIM, delta, BRD and even LSD 1 were in part because of their potential activity downstream of the JAK-STAT pathway. And in fact for every one of those mechanisms I just mentioned, there exists preclinical or translational correlative data that support their potential utility in combination with ruxolitinib. So that will be something that Steven's group will be executing on over the coming months and several years. The delta study is already ongoing. Beyond that, it's active area of research within Incyte as to how we think differently about myelofibrosis, what do we think about new targets, how do we think about achieving different types of benefit in patients and that's a very early stage research effort. But it's one that's very important for us to maintain if we're going to continue to have a leadership position in MPNs and continue to drive patient benefits forward. So that's a longer term endeavor, but it's absolutely one that we as a company are very committed to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Katherine Xu with William Blair & Company. Please state your question.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good morning, and congrats on the good quarter as long as you could indulge me with three questions. Number one is on the FLEX issue (51:27). I'm just wondering whether you could give us an overview and then your strategy there and potential scenarios that we could expect? Number two is on the ECHO-302, ECHO-305 and ECHO-306 studies, I'm just curious about your rationale and basis for designing those studies in terms of powering and others, in particular just based on the evidence that we have so far and then just what gives you the confidence about those designs? And number three, assuming ECHO-301 is positive and epacadostat and pembrolizumab becomes standard of care, what is the next step that you are thinking about taking to take the front line melanoma cure to the higher level? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: So, let me start with the FLEX, it would be shorter and there, obviously are public documents that are available. We had press coverage which was surprising coming in the last days or last week, we were  I'm not sure exactly why it came at that point, but we cannot comment further. So, I think the best is to refer to the existing publicly available documents.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: And then Katherine, in terms of your second and third question. Your second one mentions ECHO-302, ECHO-305 and ECHO-306. The renal cell study is looking at a combination of PD-1 plus IDO beating the current care standard of a VEGF inhibitor-based tyrosine kinase inhibitor, it's either Sutent or Votrient. We needed to execute that study briskly because of the evolving care standards there. We have data from our own program in combination with Merck in ECHO-202 that's already been presented that enabled that decision to be made. In terms of ECHO-305 and ECHO-306, the lung cancer studies, again the enabling data comes from ECHO-202's lung program in general, it's the PD-L1 high. And again looking at the combo versus PD-1 alone in the high expresses and then in the all comers looking at the care standards of triplet-based therapy  excuse me, PD-1 plus chemotherapy and then comparing the triplet PD-1 plus IDO plus chemo versus PD-1 plus IDO alone, the somewhat controversial area there is the withdrawal in Europe of that application, but that has not impacted our design and their KEYNOTE-189 study will report out before the study finishes. So, we remain confident. We do not address powering of our program at all or those design characteristics publicly. We view that as proprietary information between us and Merck which we used to design the program, but we don't put that out publicly. If ECHO-301 is positive in melanoma, that would be the case standard there. As I mentioned earlier, the natural next place to go to, to address your question to enhance cure rates is the adjuvant setting. To look at the combination in an adjuvant population to increase disease free survival and overall survival, and that would be the intent after that study. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Gould with the UBS. Please state your question.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for the question and congrats on the quarter, guys. I guess one for Herv and maybe Steven. On the strategy for OX40, GITR and I guess just the next wave of I-O assets. Is the message really that we should only expect pivotals with your own PD-1, could we still see pivotals with other approved PD-1s? Just want to be  I guess just a clarifying question there. And then, also when you just think about the MacroGenics PD-1, any reason to think that you might still move that forward as a mono therapy either for regulatory or strategic purposes as you broaden out the indications you might go after? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yes, maybe I would start on the  I think obviously as I've said, I mean the goal is to get this combination done with products from our own portfolio. So you should expect if we go in pivotal study with the PD-1 with OX40 or GIRT or any other product in the I-O portfolio to see that include an MGA012 plus that product in the pivotal studies. Would it be only with our own PD-1? It will depend highly on the indication we would be pursuing, because as I said in some of these indications pembrolizumab, or nivolumab, or durvalumab, or PD-L1 inhibitors could be the standard of care. But obviously at the end of the day, we want that pivotal program to include MGA012 plus GIRT or MGA012 plus OX40 or plus arginase, et cetera, et cetera. So, that would be the way to think about it. In term of monotherapy, obviously, you know there are indications where there is the option to receive an indication in monotherapy for PD-1. It could be either of the so-called niche approach, which we have heard a lot from many different companies, so that could  that is an option, so we are looking at that as a possibility. Or it could be frankly in the less niche indication, where we would be trying to establish it as a single-agent across larger indication, we don't know that yet. So what we are doing in the short-term are two things is the so-called niche approach in  with a single-agent MGA012, and as I described we would be initiating a number of combination studies in 2018, so that we can be prepared for the next step in combination with our portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one last question. And our final question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink. Please state your question.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, guys. A couple of quick ones. Number one on ECHO-301, what is the number of events needed to trigger un-blinding of the study? And number two, maybe for Reid, can you comment on how important potential differences are among the various IDO inhibitors development in terms of the PK/PD profile, and whether or how that might translate into differentiated clinical profiles? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hey, Michael, this is Steven. Just quickly upfront, we do not disclose the event number that would be  would trigger the ultimate un-blinding, so that's not public information.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Michael, this is Reid. On the IDO inhibitor question, the key thing for this target as we know is near complete or complete inhibition. We can do that safely with this mechanism and that's going to be the bar by which we judge compounds. And I think if any compound can safely with appropriate drug like properties achieve those levels of inhibition and then that should drive the pharmacology, irrespective of any biochemical nuances. At the end of the day it's about inhibiting the enzyme to a maximum degree. Differentiation between the agents will come from their ability or inability to do that, as well as any other off-target liabilities they may have.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference back over to the Herv Hoppenot for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for attending this meeting today and your time, a great quarter, progress on the pipeline. Some new entries into our portfolio with the deal with the MacroGenics, and also a new board member. So a lot of good progress from the Incyte side and we look forward to seeing you  some of you at the upcoming investor and medical conferences including at ASH. But for now, thank you again for your participation in the call today. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's webcast. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Mike Booth, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Diego. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. And I'm pleased  and I'm joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven, Dave, and Reid. We'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2017 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline, as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for his introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you all taking the time to participate in the call today and we are very excited to share with you the significant progress we have made during the second quarter. First, Jakafi continues to show strong sales growth of 33% in its sixth year on the market as the number of patients benefiting from this treatment continues to increase. Importantly, total revenue in Q2 also grew by 33% year-over-year as strong royalties from Jakafi, sales from Iclusig, and the first full quarter of royalties from Olumiant resulted in a total revenue of $326 million for the quarter. Speaking of Olumiant, it's now approved in Europe, in Switzerland and Japan, and let me quickly address the updates that we along with Lilly provided last week. Based on feedback from the FDA to its Complete Response letter for the NDA for baricitinib, we announced that an NDA re-submission would be delayed for period anticipated to be a minimum of 18 months. We and Lilly are now evaluating options for re-submission after the FDA indicated that a new clinical study is necessary to further characterize the benefit risk across doses. We continue to disagree with the FDA's conclusion and we believe that the existing clinical data demonstrate a positive benefit risk profile that supports baricitinib's approval as a new treatment option for people suffering from RA in the United States. Moving now to our in-house portfolio. Incyte now has five products in late-stage development, which could provide us with significant commercial opportunities, pending successful development and regulatory approvals in the 2019 to 2021 time period. These programs are ruxolitinib, itacitinib, epacadostat, our PI 3-kinase delta, and our EGFR inhibitor. I'll now briefly touch on several important advancements we have made here over the last few months. Most importantly, we have initiated two pivotal trials, REACH3, the pivotal trial of ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory chronic GVHD, which enrolled its first patient in June; and GRAVITAS-301, the pivotal trial of itacitinib in patients with treatment-nave acute GVHD, which began in July. This results in a total of four ongoing pivotal trials in patients with various forms of GVHD. We have also been working diligently with both Merck and BMS, and I can confirm that plans for the expanded ECHO Phase 3 program for epacadostat are on track for initiation later this year. Steven would provide you with some additional color in the clinical section. Our discovery and early development efforts continue rapidly, and I'm very pleased to say that INCB62079, our selective FGFR4 inhibitor, entered the clinic in June. This initial trial will be a dose escalation study in patients with liver cancer and other advanced malignances. In summary, we have made significant progress in the first-half of 2017. Jakafi and Iclusig sales are robust. We are executing on our clinical objectives. Our global operations are progressing as planned, with manufacturing and market access for us (05:05) expanding in Europe and the establishment of initial clinical operations in Japan. Incyte (05:11) on the belief that investments in innovation creates value. This belief has served us well to-date and we look forward to keeping you updated as our company continues to grow. With that, I'll pass the call to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Jakafi sales in Q2 were strong at $276 million, a 33% increase over Q2 of 2016 and a 10% increase over the first quarter of this year. Demand growth was up Q2 versus Q1 by over 7%. We believe this momentum is due to both the quality of the data underlying Jakafi and to the efforts of our U.S. team here at Incyte. Jakafi's performance in the quarter was driven by strong patient demand for both indications, while total PV patient growth continues to outpace the MF patient growth. We believe that a key driver of demand in MF is the impact of the NCCN guidelines that were published last year, which first included Jakafi as a recommended treatment for MF. Updated NCCN guidelines for MPNs were published late last week and for the first time these guidelines now cover polycythemia vera. Jakafi was included as a recommended treatment for patients with PV, who had inadequate response to first-line therapies, such as hydroxyurea. We are very pleased that the NCCN guidelines for MPNs now include Jakafi for both myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera. A quick word on inventory, which has been fairly steady within a range of 2.5 to 3 weeks. Last quarter, we stated that we exited Q1 at the high-end of a normal range for inventory. This has now been normalized in the second quarter. Lastly, as a result of our strong sales growth, we are pleased to raise our full-year 2017 net product revenue guidance for Jakafi from a range of $1.020 billion to $1.070 billion to a new range of $1.090 billion to $1.120 billion. Jakafi commercial momentum is clearly very strong, and now I'd like to share a slide on how we plan to further grow the brand. We have pivotal programs, which are designed to evaluate ruxolitinib in patients with graft-versus-host disease and in patients with essential thrombocythemia, where there is both a need for new treatments and where the rationale for JAK inhibition is strong. As of late June, all three trials in the REACH pivotal program of ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory GVHD have been initiated. This broad program encompasses patients with both acute and chronic GVHD, and we expect to enroll a total of 600 patients into the REACH trials. Should the REACH1 trial have a positive outcome, we would expect to file an sNDA seeking accelerated approval of ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD during 2018. RESET-272, the pivotal trial of ruxolitinib in patients with essential thrombocythemia, is now open for enrollment and we expect to dose the first patient in the coming weeks. ET is characterized by the overproduction of platelets in the bone marrow, which can lead to unnecessary clotting and cause heart attacks or strokes. The trial is being run head-to-head ruxolitinib versus anagrelide, and we expect to enroll 120 patients who have failed or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. We are proud of the clinical benefits that Jakafi provides patients with MF and PV, and we look forward to investing further in the clinical development of Jakafi. With that, I'll pass the call along to Steven for clinical update.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. We've made significant progress in the clinic since we updated you on our first quarter call in May of this year. Shown here on slide 10 are our five key programs in development, within which we have initiated multiple trials in the last few months. In addition to Barry's comments on ruxolitinib's comprehensive clinical development program in graft versus host disease and essential thrombocythemia, you can see that we have now initiated the pivotal program for itacitinib in patients with treatment-nave acute graft versus host disease. In the coming months, we expect to initiate multiple trials with our PI 3-kinase delta inhibitor, INCB50465. Following positive proof-of-concept data presented at both ASH last year and ASCO this year, we intend to study this compound in follicular lymphoma, marginal zone lymphoma, and mantle cell lymphoma. Let me provide a little extra color on our expanding ECHO development program for epacadostat. As a reminder, we are planning to initiate six Phase 3 trials of epacadostat in combination with pembro in four different tumor types. And we are also planning to launch Phase 3 trials of epacadostat in combination with nivo in two tumor types. On the epacadostat studies in combination with pembro, I am pleased to confirm that, together with Merck, we have obtained all the necessary regulatory feedback and it remains our aim to open and achieve first patient initiated in all six studies before the end of this calendar year. With Bristol-Myers Squibb, we are in earlier stage in our planning, but are still targeting the planned initiation of these studies before the end of this calendar year. As we get a little closer to sites initiations and first patient initiated, all of these designs will populate to CT.gov. But you can appreciate that for a variety of competitive and other reasons, we'll not be talking about the designs in any detail before that time. Moving now to ECHO-301, the ongoing Phase 3 trial of epacadostat in combination with pembro in patients with advanced or unresectable melanoma. The trial is ongoing and, as we've disclosed on the Q1 call, has completed recruitment outside of Japan. The endpoints for ECHO-301 are event-driven and we expect to be in a position to share those data with you in the first half of 2018. I am also very pleased to announce that epacadostat, and specifically the ECHO-301 trial, has been granted fast-track designation by the FDA. This provision is intended to facilitate development and expedite review of drugs to treat serious and life-threatening conditions, so that an approved product can potentially reach the market rapidly. In the near-term, we look forward to providing you with an update to the melanoma patient cohort of the ECHO-202 Phase 1/2 trial at ESMO in September of this year in Madrid. We expect this update to include both the dose escalation patients, which were last presented at ESMO 2016, as well as new data from the Phase 2 expansion cohorts of melanoma patients from ECHO-202 for the very first time. I'll now discuss some highlights from our upcoming news flow. As I just mentioned, we look forward to sharing updated ECHO-202 data in melanoma patients at ESMO in September. We also expect to dose the first patient in the RESET-272 pivotal trial of ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia in the next few weeks. Towards the back-end of 2017, we expect the presentation of dose escalation data for both BRD inhibitors, INCB54329 and INCB57643, as well as dose escalation data for our PIM inhibitor, INCB53914. Heading into 2018, we look forward to a number of trial outcomes, including two pivotal studies. We expect to be able to share data from the Phase 3 results of ECHO-301, as well as the pivotal REACH1 study of ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute graft versus host disease. Lastly, we also expect the first presentation of data from our Phase 2 paired biopsy trials. We are encouraged by the significant progress we've made so far this year, and the next 12 months promises to be a very exciting time for Incyte. If we achieve the goals that we have outlined, we expect to be running up to 20 late-stage trials in early 2018. This is a significant undertaking, but one that is enabled by the quality of our discovery and development teams, and by the excellent commercial momentum of Jakafi and Iclusig. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financial update.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter was very strong. We recorded $326 million of total revenue. This was comprised of $276 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $16 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $34 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis, and $1 million in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. Jakafi's net product revenue of $276 million represents 33% growth over the same period last year. Based on Jakafi's performance for the first six months of the year, we are increasing our full year Jakafi net product revenue guidance to a range of $1.090 billion to $1.120 billion. Our gross-to-net adjustment for the second quarter was approximately 12%. We expect the total gross-to-net adjustment for the full year to be approximately 13%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $20 million. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payment of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales, and the amortization of acquired product rights related to the Iclusig product acquisition in Europe. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $202 million, including $23 million in non-cash stock compensation. For the full year, we expect R&D expense to be in the range of $1.050 billion to $1.150 billion. This is an increase from the previous guidance last quarter. The increased R&D expense guidance is related to the acceleration of the Phase 3 plans for epacadostat. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $90 million, including $11 million in non-cash stock compensation. We recorded $7 million in expense related to the change in the fair market value of the contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability. Moving on to non-operating expenses, we recorded $20 million unrealized loss on our long-term investments in Merus and Agenus, and a one-time debt exchange expense of $1 million related to senior note conversions of $20 million during the quarter. For the second quarter, we recorded a loss of $12 million, primarily due to the previously mentioned $20 million unrealized loss on our long-term investments. Looking at the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $609 million in cash and marketable securities, and expect to end the year with over $600 million. On our final slide, you'll see our full year guidance. In addition to the updates I've already mentioned, a $15 million milestone will be recognized in the third quarter for the Japanese approval of Olumiant. As a result, we now expect up to $145 million in milestones for the year. Incorporating all these previously discussed changes, including the $20 million unrealized loss on our long-term investments, we now expect a net loss between $180 million to $200 million for the year. To summarize, our second quarter performance reflects the strength of our underlying business, as well as to continue advancement of our clinical development programs. We continue to execute on our development plans for a robust pipeline and look forward to updating you on our progress during our third quarter call. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please state your question.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning and thanks for the question. Just on epacadostat, I want to get your perspective on the MYSTIC results and long (18:31) as it relates to epacadostat. Does it hurt the potential for triple combos? Does it give you an opportunity to substitute CTLA-4 for IDO and doublets or none of the above? And I have a follow-up.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Geoff. It's Steven answering your question. So, obviously, whenever a Phase 3 reports out negative, this is disappointing for patients and investigators involved. From our perspective with epacadostat and the planning there of our studies, it was an eventuality we, obviously, considered may happen, and it hasn't affected our plans to-date. In terms of triple combinations going forward, that's really more in its infancy right now with us and we're still doing enabling Phase 1 work looking at that, and we haven't decided whether we'll be progressing there or not. And there is no other substitution potential, to answer the third part of your call. So the simple answer to your question is, it hasn't impacted in terms of our execution of IDO going forward and, in our view, opens up the potential for I-O/I-O doublet now to be cornerstoned by IDO with PD-1s in many diseases, and that's positive. In melanoma, we've always said that the PD-1 CTLA-4 doublet data, as regards response rate in PFS, is a clinical benchmark that we wanted to attain with that data. At the same time, we've always been very encouraged by the tolerability profile of our own doublet, of PD-1 and IDO. So that's my comments as regard MYSTIC right now.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then, Steven, just a follow-up to that. When you look in melanoma Phase 2 results, you guys have seen some pretty durable responses with PFS data that  I guess, someone said it took a little bit longer to mature. I wanted to get your perspective on how much of a hard stop is the assumption for ECHO-301 Phase 3 results for the first half of next year. What would you highlight as the major differences between Phase 2 and 3 in melanoma in terms of the population and things like that?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, it's me again. Thank you for your question. We updated our data last year at ESMO and, as I just said on the call, we'll be doing it at this ESMO in Madrid in September with more patient data. And you'll get some idea, albeit in a single-arm study, of what our potential progression-free survival rates are with our doublet, and I'll point you towards that meeting itself. In terms of the ECHO-301 study and the readout, obviously, it's event-driven and we need to wait for the events to occur. All our  looking at the operational characteristics of the study point to us getting data in the first half of next year, and that's when we are expected. The benchmark there, just to be clear, is against PD-1 monotherapy, in that case pembro per their labels, which are in the 5.5 to 6-month range is what we have to beat.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple. One, do you plan on updating kind of the ASCO dataset we saw any time this year or is it more of a expectation for 2018? And then the second question is just, why did you kind of pick one bromodomain over the other? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Alethia, hi. It's Steven. I'll start up with your ASCO question, and then turn it to Reid on the two bromodomain inhibitors. The intent would always be at an appropriate time to update those datasets in terms of more mature data, just as we've done for melanoma, by the way, a year apart now, ESMO last year and then this ESMO. Each time it involves collecting the data, cleaning it, and doing data cuts, so it's not something we do in real time or on an constant basis. But the intent would be to update it at a time point in the future. I can't commit on this call to you for each dataset when that will be, but it will be some time in the next 24 months or so.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Alethia, this is Reid. I'll take your BRD question. As we often do for our programs, we'll progress more than one molecule into the clinic, and that can be for various reasons. Sometimes it's a different structure, to safeguard against a safety problem that could arise with the lead compound. Other times, it can be for differential pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, so that we can evaluate the safety and early signs of efficacy of very different clinical drug profiles. And actually, both of those reasons underlie our decision some time ago to progress INCB57643 and INCB54329 into the clinic. Those Phase 1 dose escalations are all wrapping up now, and we'll present data from each of those in the second half of the year. I don't want to get ahead of what those data show, but suffice it to say that we became quite comfortable with INCB57643 is having a more optimal profile and, because of that, it's the compound that will now progress forward into both liquid and solid tumor combination studies, and you'll learn more about those over the coming months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan Chase & Company. Please state your question.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two of them as well. First I wanted to ask about the ECHO-110 combo trial with atezo, and if you can talk a little bit more about the recruitment issues you ran into there? I mean, what do you think the problem was, and have you seen anything similar in your other PD-L1 combination trial? And then, the second question was just with regard to that pending update on melanoma that we'll see at ESMO. Can you comment on how many patients' worth of data we can expect to see, and how much follow-up you'll have? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Cory, hi. It's Steven. In terms of ECHO-110 and the Roche-Genentech collaboration with atezo, as spoken about on the earnings call in the last few quarters, it has been one of the studies that has been a laggard in terms of enrollment. Initially the study included non-small cell lung cancer patients alone, and then was amended to try and capture metastatic bladder cancer as well. And it never took off in terms of enrollment. It's hard to give you all  the reasons related to that, whether it was lack of interest in that particular PD-L1 combination or not. But it was always one of our collaborations because, at the time of NewLink and other reasons, that we knew that would be the case. And I don't think there is any read-through at the moment and, obviously, we'll commit to presenting that data when it's brought in and cleaned in the future. In terms of the melanoma, I can't comment until the meeting itself, other than what I said on the actual call, that it will include both the initial patients and now the dose expansion phase as well. We will look at data in all comers in treatment-nave setting and at the 100-milligram dose, and present what we think is mature and adequate follow-up for those populations for you. Just getting back to your question and Geoff's question, we'll also try  show the different prognostic subgroups there as regards some of the known prognostic factors, to try and ascertain and give you clarity as to what impacts prognosis here. And then to your question and Geoff's, which I didn't answer clearly in the beginning, the Phase 3 study is in more than 600 patients and we have every belief, because of its size or  it'll be representative of a melanoma population, and will mirror what we saw in ECHO-202.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katherine Xu with William Blair & Company. Please state your question.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, hi. Good morning. I'm just curious about the PI3K delta inhibitor. Can you talk a little bit about what kind of scheduling you're going  taking into further studies and also, how do you position this particular mechanism in the face of the competition, in those indications that you're going into?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Katherine, yes, hi. It's Steven. As you and others are aware, with this particular class, they're all very active compounds, and we've shown activity at our compound now at multiple meetings across B-cell malignancies, whether it's diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, marginal or mantle cell lymphomas, they're highly active. The challenge becomes tolerability for the class and, as you alluded to, how can you avert some of the longer-term toxicities? With our second generation inhibitor, we now have enough cumulative data that we look like the liver signal seen with the first generation inhibitors is not present with our particular compound. So that's very encouraging. But in terms of on-target B-cell effects, which tend to occur later on, there are two really things you can attempt to do, either change dose or change schedule or change both. And we're looking at  without giving away everything, at trying to maintain efficacy for what we know is a very active compound. And once we have that efficacy achieved, then change in either the dose or the schedule or both, to change the tolerability profile over time. And as we gather that data, we'll be able to prove to you whether or not we can do that, because that I think is the central challenge with this class. We think we have a best-in-class highly active compound, and I'll just point you to the activity data we've shown to-date.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Well then, if I may, on the melanoma front, if you add epacadostat to the anti-PD-1 agents, it looks like it elevates  the response rate is potentially also prolonged PSIs (28:48) to a new level. And then, what are next steps that you think could further elevate from there, any thoughts on that?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: In terms of oncology drug development, obviously, we're always trying to move the benchmarks and increase either response rate or progression-free survival or survival itself to move the field forward. So currently it's about I-O/I-O doublets with, in our case, PD-1 plus IDO. And then looking forward beyond that is trying to work out the populations who work in versus where you may not work in at a biomarker perspective. Then there are multiple other targets. In our own shop, we already have GITR and OX40 in the clinic, and to come next year there'll be further I-O compounds coming into our clinic. We've an arginase inhibitor in the clinic, which is certainly interesting in terms of its biology and potentially being able to address myeloid-derived suppressor cells, and then potentially other new exciting mechanisms of action, which we may explore in combination with PD-1 and IDO or with IDO alone going forward to move that benchmark further. But it's  you have to do the slow iterative experiments and prove first where you're heading, and then execute on a Phase 3 trial to get there. You can't jump ahead of yourself. I'll leave it at that.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya with BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you and congratulations on a great quarter. I had a question in regards to the epacadostat Phase 3 program. I know you're not going to be able to speak to the design, but I was hoping you could speak to the goal. And specifically, how do you balance potentially improving on the PD-1 response in populations where KEYTRUDA and OPDIVO are effective versus potentially enhancing or entering into populations where those drugs have been ineffective? And again, the challenge we face from an investor standpoint is the predictability of small Phase 2 studies as we move on to Phase 3s and we haven't had much success yet. Just trying to get  I was hoping to get your take on how do you balance those with the risk and the opportunity that's available to you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Ian, I'll start and others may want to add to what I say afterwards. Obviously, you have to aim at  in these studies at improving the event-driven endpoints, whether they're progression-free survival, overall survival, or combinations thereof, depending on the settings. Sometimes the OS is short enough that that may be the point you're trying to achieve, and that's in terms of demonstrating value for your doublet over the PD-1 alone in the settings we've selected to go after. In terms of the therapeutic ratio, though, once you hit efficacy, obviously, tolerability comes into the equation as well. And I don't want to forget that. I've said it repeatedly. It's one thing now we have hundreds of patients worth of data with some longer-term exposures and we're very confident in our tolerability profile, and that's going to be really important going forward in I-O/I-O doublets in general, but certainly as you compare to CTLA-4 combinations potentially. There are populations where the tumors are either colder or where things don't work, and then it's around trying to ascertain at a biomarker level why that may not be potentially working, and then trying to address it with new MRAs (32:36), things like arginase inhibitors or other things will then weigh in. But to be clear, the Phase 3 programs are going after established entities where PD-1s, for the most part, are the care standard and now trying to improve that in terms of time-to-event endpoints, and then weighing in the tolerability profile. And if Reid wants to add anything to what I said.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, just a couple of things. I think, Ian, we sometimes forget that even in the so-called inflamed or hot tumors, where PD-1 antagonists are quite effective and are approved for use, generally your objective response rate in those populations, save melanoma, is in the 20% range. And so there is still a substantial unmet need in those populations and, obviously, our goal with the IDO1 epacadostat program is to improve those response rates, improve the patient benefit, and be able to capture a larger proportion of the patient pool to drive benefit. So that's kind of one question and it's the central question in the epacadostat development program now. There is a separate question around what drives PD-1 resistance, either intrinsic or primary or secondary resistance, and that's very much an important focus of our discovery efforts right now as we look at multiple mechanisms that could be operative in that space and even molecules like arginase were in part brought into the portfolio and attempt to address some of the immune-suppressive mechanisms that may lead to T cell exclusion and a cold tumor phenotype. So I think both of them are actively being pursued at Incyte, some in development, some in research, and hopefully in the coming years we'll see the needle being moved in a positive way in both of those tumor settings.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And when can we hear more about just the biomarker work that you've been doing, your biomarker that's specific to IDO that will be utilized in the Phase 3 program?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. So the translational aspects of the ECHO program are very important. That does include assays to assess IDO1 expression directly. It also includes assessments of PD-L1 status, as you might imagine. It also includes quite a bit of RNA sequencing work to look at things like mutational burden and the inflammatory state of the tumor more generally. I think this is probably one area where we and the whole field have the most ground to make up, and it's very important for us to be able to be smarter when we select our patient populations for these doublets and ultimately triplets. And I think the translational dataset that can emerge out of the ECHO program just is one example where you have five tumor histologies and hundreds and hundreds of patients, you can imagine what a rich status that that will be for us to mine, and hopefully, be able to help move the field forward on the translational aspects of patient selection.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Maybe another question for Steven. Are we still to expect opt-in or go/no-go decisions on epacadostat and DLBCL MSI-high patients and in combination with the AstraZeneca PD-1? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Eric, this is Steven. Very much so, all  the ongoing work will be looked at and examined on its own for signals that potentially we can pursue the two tumor types you alluded to immature at our last presentation, diffuse large B-cell and MSI colorectal. With AstraZeneca, it's the same thing as we're looking at the data now and over the ensuing months we will make decisions on whether or not there are go-forwards there. So the answer is a strong yes from my perspective.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Will those be second half, Steven?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: In terms of  assuming second half of 2017, in terms of decisions on the AstraZeneca program, yes, that is a potential timeframe we'd have the data to look at and make decisions. I think that's a fair statement.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe first one on baricitinib. If Lilly does start Phase 3 trial at the suggestion of FDA, would the Incyte actually co-fund that Phase 3? If not, do you expect, I guess, downward move on your royalty rate from baricitinib? And then second question on the Phase 3 melanoma trial in combination with Merck's KEYTRUDA. Can you talk about the powering assumption? And also based on the PFS you have seen from the ECHO-201 trial, do you think your assumption when you started a trial in Phase 3 was little bit conservative on PFS? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Maybe  Herv here. I will take the Lilly question. As you know, as we discussed, I mean, there are lot of decisions that has to be taken on the path forward for RA. One of these decisions have not yet been made, and obviously, based on that, we will have on our side to decide what is Incyte's position today. We are all-in co-funding the development of baricitinib. That's the situation we have today, and depending on how the plans are developing, we will have to make further decisions, but none of them have been made yet.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: And then, Ying, in terms of the statistical questions related to the ECHO-301 melanoma study, we don't address the statistics specifically of any  in any study, other than what's already been said. The primary endpoint is a co-primary of progression-free survival and overall survival. We said we can get potential approval on either and on the study the go in was 600 to begin with. So you can read into that anything you want, but we don't know any data yet and I can't comment on the actual powering assumptions around it. The conservative nature of your question is you have to build a design on what you think, what you know for the PD-1 alone and what you think you can achieve with your doublet, but that doesn't always be what's in the end, and I think that underpins your question. But I'm not going to comment further.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Gould with UBS. Please state your question.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning guys. Congrats on the nice Jakafi number and your progress. Thanks for taking the question. I guess two. First, the paired biopsy trials with the I-O doublets appear to have been pushed out or are at least sort of trending right where it's on slide 11. Can you provide some color on the status here? And then I guess also for Steven, on the RESET study, what's the expectation on when that might read out? I know ClinicalTrials.gov says sort of mid-2020, but I guess the most comparable Novartis study is two times the size of yours, and is expected to read out in second half of 2018. So is there any nuance we're missing in the timeline here, or is this just sort of conservatism? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Carter, hi. It's Steven. On your paired biopsy question, it's  the studies have  in terms of enrollment, we've done really well. It's now collecting the tissue, analyzing what we have, doing the required testing, and then reporting it out. And that part is still underway, and there are some tricky natures to understanding, do you have adequate representative tumor samples. So we need a little bit longer, you're correct, and we expect to be able to show that data to you sometime during 2018. In terms of the timeline for the RESET program in essential thrombocythemia, and I just want to make sure you understand that this is in a patient population who have either progressed on hydroxyurea or are intolerant of it, and then are randomized to either, in our case, ruxolitinib or the control in this case, anagrelide, with an endpoint that is a composite around platelet control and white blood cell control, and the goal is 120 patients there. And we'll have to just see. Obviously, we always want to do better on operational enrollment than what we anticipate, but we don't expect this to be an incredibly easy population to find, and that's why we have guided to mid-2020 at the moment.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink. Please state your question.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. Regarding the ECHO-301 trial, is it correct to assume that the un-blinding will be triggered by PFS, and/or will you provide both data points in the first half of 2018, PFS and OS? And the second question is regarding your FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, as well as the PI 3-kinase delta inhibitor, I think you've always talked about those as kind of the next wave of potential agents that could reach the market. I'm just wondering how we should think about the sort of potential NDA filing timelines for those two, either in DLBCL or in iCCA? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Michael. It's Steven. In terms of the dynamics around how you conduct endpoint analysis and un-blinding, it's a co-primary endpoint. Obviously, for a large Phase 3, there is a Data Safety Monitoring Board who conduct these analyses to begin with. And they will, as is  I mean, it's not a secret here, PFS would always be triggered before overall survival in terms of doing the analysis, because it delivers earlier. So, I guess the simple answer to your question is, yes, in terms of having mature overall survival data at that point in time, it will be whether it exists or not. Just going to the part two and part three of your questions, yes, we very much like both those programs. We feel, as we've said before, for INCB54828 FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, that we have a best-in-class compound. We understand the compound. We dose the patients to the pharmacodynamic endpoint of hypophosphatemia there. And we have three open studies, all of which could serve as registration potential, should they reach high response rates that are durable, and all of them are biomarker-driven in terms of targets. So metastatic bladder cancer for FGFR3, cholangiocarcinoma for FGFR2, and for that rare myeloproliferative neoplasm that's driven by chromosome 8p11, those studies are all underway and enrolling well, and we really like the compound. I think it's premature to talk about potential NDA dates there, or accelerated approvals. For the delta inhibitor, just to reiterate the comments I said earlier, I think we've been more step-wise and careful, because of the tolerability profile and needing to understand how we can get the efficacy we know we can get, but then keep patients on therapy long enough. And so it's a little bit early to also comment on when those may potentially deliver, but we have programs in diffuse large B-cell and now in additional B-cell malignancies, like marginal and mantle cell lymphoma.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thank you, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ren Benjamin with Raymond James Financial. Please state your question.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on a great quarter. Maybe for Steven, can you remind us the REACH trial design? And since you're not necessarily commenting on the underlying assumptions, can you talk maybe a little bit about what's a clinically relevant results, and do the peak RUX numbers include the potential in GVHD and ET?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Ren, I'll do the first part of your question, then turn it to Barry for the second part. So the REACH programs are comprehensive program. There are three pivotal studies there, REACH1, REACH2 and REACH3. REACH1 is a single-arm study of RUX in steroid-refractory acute graft versus host disease. The go in is 70 patients. The response rate, as you can see on  the primary endpoint, as you can see on CT.gov, is a 28-day response rate that would need to be durable to reach an acceptable file for a supplemental NDA, and that's felt to be an endpoint that would point to patient benefit in this particular setting, in high unmet need. REACH2 is in the same setting, but is randomized against best available therapy, is a global study with our partner Novartis and incorporates the same endpoints. And then REACH3, again, in partnership with Novartis, is a randomized study with best available therapy as a control by physician's choice and incorporate chronic graft versus host disease, longer endpoints in terms of being able to show that you can control the disease for longer. All are acceptable endpoints and there is a lot of regulatory feedback on all those studies. As regards the numbers in terms of predicting a revenue for RUX, I'll turn it to Barry.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Ren, so we've said in the past that our top net sales for Jakafi will reach at least $2 billion net for MF, PV, and GVHD. We haven't included the numbers yet for ET.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And maybe just as a follow-up. And I know we've been talking about this throughout the call, but insights on how to tackle I-O combinations, just sort of based on what you're seeing right now and how a lot of the competitors, how their trials are unfolding. Do you guys dig into that quite a bit as you're meeting up with Merck and your other partners and deciding which trials to move forward with, or strategically does it kind of just makes sense to have a brute force effort, given the pre-clinical work and early stage work that you've done and tested it out yourself in Phase 3?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Ren. This is Reid. I'll pass it over to Steven if he has anything to add. The evaluation of clinical trials and prioritization within the I-O/I-O doublet space is an important one for us to get our hands around in the field, because I think we have enough mechanisms now, even within our own portfolio, that you can't do everything in a paired-wise comparison and just have a purely probabilistic approach to drug development. So we do hold the high bar for the preclinical data, one. And so that necessarily allows some mechanisms to move forward at a faster pace than others. Second, in the clinic, we will demand that we see the requisite pharmacodynamic activities early on in the studies to take one step towards de-risking the activity of those doublets. And the third, and this is the most difficult one, is trying to have an underlying assumption as to the patient population that's most likely to respond or benefit from the therapy. We can think of a mechanism like arginase as a good example. Arginase is released from intratumoral myeloid cells, and it's believed that that can be an important immune suppressive mechanism that decreases immunogenicity of the tumor. So you can imagine studying an arginase inhibitor in populations, either individuals or in histologies, which have an abundance of myeloid-derived suppressor cells and intratumoral neutrophils. That will be the approach that we'll take and based on the preclinical studies, we know that arginase inhibition can synergize with PD-1 access blockade and it can synergize with IDO1 inhibition. So you can imagine taking the right patient population and walking through first a doublet study, and then ultimately trying to get to a triplet study. Those are the kinds of activities we have ongoing all the time and we try to always make sure that the programs that we're transitioning into the clinic and investing in meet all three of those ends in terms of underlying preclinical data, mechanistic pharmacology in the clinic and pharmacodynamics, and then finally a patient population that's appropriate.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. And our final question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. Great. Just two parts to my question. First, congratulations on a great quarter with Jakafi. Maybe you could just talk about where you see growth coming from at this point going forward. Obviously, with surpassed expectations multiple times and curious as to what's driving that and where the growth is coming from and where you think it will be coming from. And then just turning to baricitinib, outside of RA maybe you can talk about the commitment to starting some of the other studies and things like lupus and atopic dermatitis, psoriatic arthritis, stuff like that. Thank you. And I guess to that point, would those studies provide any additional safety information to satisfy FDA? Thank you.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Liisa, it's Barry. I'll take your first question and then hand you over to Steven for the baricitinib question. So on Jakafi, we continue to see growth in both MF and PV. We get new MF patients and new PV patients. As we said in the past, PV percentage-wise continues to outpace MF in terms of total growth, but MF patients continue to stay on drug therapy for a long time. So for the future, we see that will continue to grow and continue to penetrate the markets for both MF and PV, and then we'll wait for future indications for GVHD and ET, hopefully. Steven?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry. Liisa, in terms of programs outside of rheumatoid arthritis, we just feed off what Lilly has already told you on their call. But to reiterate, the diseases that are being considered psoriatic arthritis, atopic derm, and lupus are the ones most often mentioned. At this juncture it's just hard to comment on anything further, other than what Lilly has already told you, and all are still being considered. Your comment around would this be able to contribute safety data to a potential resubmission on a file is also I'm unable to comment on at this time. Other than any data would, obviously, be additive from a safety point of view.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back to Herv Hoppenot for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you. Thank you. And thank you all for your time today and for your questions. We look forward to seeing some of you at upcoming investor and medical conferences, including ESMO in Madrid. And for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Jacob. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. I'm joined on the call today by Herv, Barry, Steven, Dave and Reid. We'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2017 guidance, the commercialization of our products and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline as well as the development plans of our collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and from time to time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for his introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So, obviously, we have had a very busy beginning to 2017, which included both a number of very exciting development and one rather disappointing one. I'd now walk you through some high-level comments on each of these in the next few minutes. Firstly, and very importantly, sales of Jakafi for the first quarter were 37% higher than in the first quarter of 2016 and the primary driver of the strong growth is the growing number of patients on therapy. Also, on the positive side, our product-related revenue, which includes Jakafi and Iclusig sales by Incyte and royalties we receive from Jakafi and Olumiant, showed robust growth of 43% year-on-year. Let me now turn to the recent baricitinib update. In February, the European Commission approved baricitinib as Olumiant for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis. It has since been launched by Lilly in Europe, with what we consider to be a strong lever, and in Q1, we recognized the first royalties on European sales. Last month, and with Lilly, we announced some not-so-bright news when the FDA issued a complete response letter for baricitinib for the treatment of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. This will delay any potential U.S. approval of baricitinib versus our original assumption, which was for approval on the April PDUFA date. The CRL indicated that additional clinical data are needed to determine the most appropriate dosage and to further characterize safety concern across treatment arm. We expect that Lilly will now engage with the FDA to discuss the Agency's concern and determine the potential path forward. We remain confident in the benefit/risk of baricitinib as the new potential treatment option for adults with RA and intend to support the development of baricitinib with Lilly in RA and subsequent indication. Dave will provide more color on the financial impact that this delay to any potential U.S. approval of baricitinib is expected to bring, including the most conservative outlook on the timing of any future milestone payments from Lilly. The selling for baricitinib in the U.S. is obviously a disappointment, but we do not believe it changes the fundamental momentum and direction at Incyte, which has been driven by strong growth in product-related revenue as well as the significant expansion of our clinical activities across many parts of our development portfolio. A month or so ago, we were excited to announce the plans to expand our clinical collaborations with Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb for epacadostat on their respective PD-1 inhibitors. With Merck, we intend to open pivotal programs in four additional tumor types; and with BMS, we intend to open pivotal programs in two tumor types. We look forward to showing some of the data driving this go-forward decision with you next month at ASCO in Chicago and to our planned opening of the studies later in 2017. Within our targeted portfolio, we have shared first in line data from our FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, 828 at AACR in April. Recall that this compound is currently in three Phase 2 trials for bladder cancer, cholangiocarcinoma and 8p11 MPNs. Also, we recently dosed our first patient in CITADEL-202, which will evaluate our PI3K inhibitor  PI3K delta inhibitor, 465, in patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Additional trials in the CITADEL program evaluating 465 in other non-Hodgkin lymphoma are planned. And lastly, the pivotal program of ruxolitinib in patients with essential thrombocythemia is expected to begin soon. And so, itacitinib, our selective JAK1 inhibitor, a pivotal program for treatment-nave GVHD is on track begin later in 2017. On slides 6 offers an additional opportunity to review the progress we have made and the preparations we are already making for our long-term success at Incyte. In February, it was announced that Incyte would be joining the S&P 500 Index, which is widely regarded as the best single gauge of large-cap U.S. equities. I believe that our inclusion in the S&P 500 is an excellent demonstration of the significant recent growth across many parts of our business. During the first quarter, we also closed three transactions investing over $200 million in upfront and milestone payment to secure or amended collaboration with Merus, Calithera and Agenus, which we believe will be very important for the long-term success of Incyte. With that, I'll pass the call to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. We have seen strong growth in demand for Jakafi over the past few years. We exited the first quarter with approximately 10,000 patients being treated with Jakafi. A number of that has grown annually by almost 40% since the first quarter of 2014. After more than five years since the initial FDA approval, we are pleased to see continued robust growth in total patient numbers. Sales of Jakafi continue to perform well. Jakafi revenue for the first quarter of 2017 was $251 million, a 37% increase over the first quarter of 2016 and a 6% increase over the fourth quarter of 2016. Performance in the first quarter was driven primarily by strong demand growth at 6% over Q4. As expected, we experienced a typical and seasonal increase in gross-to-net in the first quarter. And Q1 also saw a normalization of inventory levels. We exited 2016 at the lower end of a normal range and has exited Q1 at a higher end of the normal range with about three weeks of Jakafi in inventory. We are proud of the clinical benefits that Jakafi provides to patients with myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera, and we are continuing to invest in the clinical development of ruxolitinib. The pivotal program of ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD is already underway. If the REACH1 trial is successful, we plan to submit an sNDA seeking accelerated approval of ruxolitinib for the treatment of patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD during 2018. We also intend to open a pivotal program studying ruxolitinib for the second-line treatment of patients with essential thrombocythemia. While most patients are treated in the first-line setting with hydroxyurea, we believe that ruxolitinib may benefit patients with ET after treatment with hydroxyurea. The prevalence of ET in the U.S. is approximately 80,000 patients and approximately 8,000 patients may be eligible for second-line therapy. With that, pass the call along to Steven for clinical update.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry, and good morning. Our ECHO clinical development program, evaluating epacadostat, continues to advance as well as to expand. We initiated the ECHO-301 Phase 3 trial of epacadostat in combination with pembro in patients with unresectable or advanced melanoma a little less than a year ago and the trial has been recruiting very well. The collaborative effort with Merck has been very successful and enrollment target numbers for ECHO-301 have recently been reached at most investigator sites. Sites in Japan remain open for recruitment in that portion of the study. During the last year, we predicted that towards the end of 2016, we would be in a position to make go/no-go decisions on new Phase 3 programs for epacadostat, and with the maturation of the data, we are now moving ahead in multiple new pivotal programs. As previously announced, we expect to initiate six pivotal studies in four tumor types with Merck, and we expect to initiate two pivotal programs with BMS. Pending regulatory feedback, we hope to initiate these programs by the end of this calendar year. Next month, we look forward to the presentation of multiple cohorts of Phase 2 epacadostat data at ASCO in Chicago. The data sets from the ECHO-202 of epacadostat in combination with pembro contain approximately 30 to 40 patients per tumor type. And of these, the bladder and head and neck cancer cohorts will be oral presentation, and the non-small cell lung cancer and renal cancer cohorts will be highlighted in poster discussions. The pooled safety data from across the ECHO-202 study will also be a poster discussion. The ECHO-204 trial of epacadostat in combination with nivo will also be an oral presentation and will include efficacy data from several, but not all of the tumor types being studied in the ECHO-204. Other presentations of Incyte compounds at ASCO will include CITADEL-101 which is evaluating our PI3 kinase delta inhibitor, 50465, in relapsed or refractory B-cell malignancy as well as early clinical data from 1158, our recently in-licensed arginase inhibitor. We've made good clinical development progress so far in 2017, and slide 14 shows the full portfolio. Two pivotal trials, REACH1 and REACH2, for ruxolitinib and acute graft-versus-host disease are already underway. And another, REACH3, in chronic graft-versus-host disease is expected to begin later this year. We also expect to start the pivotal studies of ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia and of itacitinib in treatment-nave acute graft-versus-host disease in the coming months. Beyond the ECHO-301 trial in melanoma, we expect to start at least eight new pivotal trials of epacadostat plus PD-1 inhibitors across all different tumor types. This generates a total of at least 14 pivotal trials, either in progress or planned for the coming months. One additional update to the portfolio is that following 24 weeks of treatment with our topical formulation of ruxolitinib, we have determined that data from the recently completed randomized Phase 2 trial in patients with alopecia areata do not justify progression of the program into pivotal studies. These data are expected to be prepared for and submitted to a future medical meeting. Our Phase 2 trial of topical ruxolitinib continues in patients with atopic dermatitis, and we expect to initiate a Phase 2 trial of topical ruxolitinib in patients with vitiligo in the coming weeks. I will now finish my section on our expected news flow. On slide 15, you can see the progress we expect to make in our portfolio in the next 12 months. In addition to those programs we've already touched on, we expect data presentations from both our BRD inhibitors and our PIM inhibitor by yearend and we hope to be in a position to provide initial data from our immuno-oncology doublet paired biopsy trials later in 2017. Within our partnered programs, we expect data from the study of capmatinib in combination with EGFR inhibitors later this year, and we'll provide updates as appropriate regarding the clinical development of baricitinib. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financial.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we recorded $384 million of total revenue. This was comprised of $294 million in net product-related revenue and $90 million in contract revenue. Product-related revenue of $294 million represents 43% growth over the same period last year. It is comprised of $251 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $14 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $29 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis and $400,000 in Olumiant royalties from Lilly. Our commercial operations in Europe continue to perform well and I'm pleased to confirm that Takeda has notified us they will not be exercising the buyback option related to Iclusig product rights in Europe. The $90 million in contract revenue consists of a milestone paid to us by Novartis related to a Phase 3 study for ruxolitinib in GVHD, and a milestone paid to us by Lilly for the European approval of Olumiant. The first quarter Jakafi royalties of $29 million represents 32% growth over the same period last year, but is slightly lower than the fourth quarter of 2016, because the royalty tiers reset each calendar year, and we are in the lower tier in the first part of each year. In addition, Olumiant royalties of $400,000 reflect the product approval and launch by Lilly late in the first quarter. Based on the recent news of the baricitinib complete response letter in the U.S., we have decided to take a very conservative approach around milestone guidance for the remainder of 2017, and we are removing remaining baricitinib approval and development milestones from our 2017 financial guidance. Our revised milestone guidance is now up to $130 million for the full year 2017, of which we have already recognized $90 million in the first quarter. We believe that this is a very fluid situation, and we look forward to updating you on any material changes to our milestone guidance at the appropriate times once we get more clarity. Our gross-to-net adjustments for the first quarter was approximately 15%. This was driven primarily by Jakafi and as with similar oral oncology products, our gross-to-net adjustment is higher in the first quarter of the year than the rest of the year, primarily because our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. We expect our gross-to-net adjustment for the full year 2017 will be approximately 13%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $15 million. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payment of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales and the amortization of the acquired product rights related to the Iclusig product acquisition in Europe. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $408 million, including $22 million in non-cash stock compensation and $209 million in upfront and milestone expenses related to the amended Agenus collaboration and the new Merus and Calithera collaborations. Given the recently announced expansion of our development collaboration agreement with Merck and also now with BMS for the initiation of Phase 3 studies of epacadostat, we are updating our current R&D guidance to a range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. This includes the $209 million in upfront and milestone expenses related to our collaborations previously mentioned. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $87 million including $9 million in non-cash stock compensation. We recorded $7 million in expense related to the change in the fair market value of a contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability in the first quarter. Moving on to non-operating expenses, we recorded $6 million of unrealized loss on our long-term investments in Merus and Agenus, net interest expense of $5 million and one-time debt exchange expense of $54 million related to senior note conversions. During the quarter, we significantly de-levered our balance sheet in a cost-effective manner by entering into agreements with some of the holders of our 2018 and 2020 notes to exchange a total of $703 million in aggregate principal amounts for a 13.5 million shares of our common stock. We recorded $54 million in expense related to the senior note conversions. These transactions resulted in reduction of debt in the balance sheet and an increase of our outstanding share count. And at the end of the quarter, the value of our remaining senior notes has decreased to $42 million and our outstanding share count has increased to 204.6 million shares. Accordingly, interest expense will be lower in subsequent quarters of the year. We recorded tax benefit of $11 million on the pre-tax loss in the first quarter. This tax benefit will reverse over remaining quarters of the year based on net income projections for the full year in certain states. We anticipate recording an insignificant consolidated tax expense for the full year in 2017. For the first quarter, we recorded a net loss of $187 million. The net loss was primarily driven by the upfront and milestone expenses related to the Merus, Calithera and Agenus collaborations of $209 million and the one-time expense related to the senior note conversions of $54 million. Subtracting these items, net income would have been $60 million. Looking at the balance sheet. We ended first quarter with $512 million in cash and marketable securities and expect to end the year with over $600 million in cash and marketable securities. Incorporating the changes the guidance previously discussed, we now expect to have a net loss for the full year of approximately $150 million to $170 million. Subtracting the previously detailed $209 million upfront in milestone expenses and $54 million note conversion expanses forecasted net income for the full year would be approximately $90 million to $120 million. To summarize, Jakafi delivered strong revenue growth for the first quarter. We entered into new collaborations which expanded product pipeline and we continue to make significant advancements in our clinical development programs as evidenced by our announcement to enter into multiple additional Phase 3 studies with epacadostat. Incyte is well positioned from a revenue and cash perspective to fund our development programs, and we are confident we will deliver significant long-term shareholder value. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wondering if you could help us frame for the epacadostat Phase 2 data that we're going to see at ASCO, how we should think about the efficacy and safety thresholds that played a role in you moving the program forward versus the IO drugs in the space.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Salveen. It's Steven answering your question. As we stated all through last year, there were three ways we framed the data sets in that we wanted to see response rates for the doublet, we wanted to see evidence of duration of response as well as an idea of progression-free survival because these would be the likely endpoints in a regulatory directive study. And lastly, we wanted to at least get some hypothesis from the biomarker data set. So, in terms of the meat of your question, for all the data we will show, you will have, based on contemporary historical data, an idea of both response rate and progression-free survival. And for us, you will see why we made the go-forward Phase 3 decisions based on what we think are appreciable deltas in the response rate and then a likelihood of needing to get to the required progression-free survival rates based on our durability of response through demonstrated, through (23:38). Quantitatively, it's really histology by histology, but we wanted to see what we think are appreciable deltas in response rate that would indicate a benefit for the doublet, and then long-term durability of response. In each of the presentations, you will see that data portrayed for you.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then just following up on that. We are going to get first in human data from the BRD and PIM programs by year-end. Can you just remind us, is it going to be both at the BRD programs and the design of these studies as well?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Sure. It's Steven again answering your question. Yes. It will be for both of the BRD compounds. There are all standard dose escalation studies done to standard criteria largely along safety. And then for PIM, it's similar design as well. There is an intent within both of them once we establish a safe dosing schedule to move to combinations for which Reid's group has already presented at prior AACRs a very interesting combination data. So, we wanted to move the escalations along safety focus relatively briskly to get there, and the intent is to present both. The last thing I will add is, obviously, at some point in time during this calendar year, we'll be pursuing, in terms of opening up further, one of the BRD compounds rather than the other based on an overall assessment of both, which will include pharmacokinetic criteria, pharmacodynamic criteria, and maybe some early efficacy data. So, as we go forward, it will end up being one of the BRD compounds.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink. Please state your questions.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I had first a commercial question regarding Jakafi, which grew significantly in the first quarter here relative to the historic first quarters. And I was just wondering if you provide some more color on the inventory? How much of that was driven by inventory growth? And secondly, I guess, why didn't you raise 2017 guidance given the strong first quarter? It looks like you're on $1 billion plus annual run rate at this point already.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Michael, this is Barry. Thanks for the question. First, on inventory. So, as you know, we had strong demand growth we said of 6%. We exited 2016, fourth quarter of 2016 at the low end of inventory at about two and a half weeks, and we moved up to about three weeks. So, you can see that inventory on hand. In terms of the guidance, (26:41) we had the strong demand growth and we had some inventory build back up to about three weeks. So, we just want to see some more data in the second quarter before we do anything with the Jakafi guidance.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. And then, I had a question on epacadostat. I saw on ClinicalTrials.gov that you're initiating a very large program evaluating the triple combination of epacadostat with PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy. And I was just wondering if you could provide some more color on the thought process behind this trial and the tumor types that you have chosen to study in this setting. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Michael, it's Steven. So, if you step back, the strategic thought process is around  we are not married to the need for chemotherapy or not. We feel that is one other mode that can be used in the immuno-oncology setting to enhance response and the various theoretical reasons why chemotherapy may do that, including exposure of neoantigens, et cetera. Others have already generated data using their PD-1 or PDL-1 inhibitors with chemotherapy showing that. In addition, if you just look at the lung space, you can see that there is both a role for IO  IO doublets as well as IO chemotherapies. So, given all of the above, we felt we need to get a combination safety data in various histologies with chemotherapy and with dominant regimens used in those various settings. We also wanted to test the hypothesis, both in so-called hot tumors as well as potentially colder areas, to see if we can further enhance efficacy signals there. And lastly, I would just add, some of that may be enabling for future use in other studies including future Phase 3 studies.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Guggenheim. Please state your question.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning and thank you very much. I have two, if I may. In the REACH trials be it acute or in chronic, what actually defines steroid-refractory? Is it an immune response that does not occur after a week of prednisone or exactly what? And then, could you please help define what is a complete response? And then the second question is on 872, the LSD inhibitor, new trial which I think you'll start enrolling next month in sickle-cell anemia. I'm curious of your hypothesis or at least views on silencing minigenes other than simply fetal hemoglobin. Might that actually have a fairly significant or deleterious effect on the patients? Thanks very much.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Tony. It's Steven again. I will do your first question and then I'll ask Reid Huber to address your second question about LSD1 in sickle cell. In terms of the REACH studies in general and the use of glucocorticoid as a standard initial therapy, the most common used is methylprednisolone is usually used at a dose of 2 milligrams per kilogram in divided doses. And the standard accepted definition is that the patients who demonstrate either progression of the graft versus host disease by day five, or non-response by day seven, are traditionally considered to have corticosteroid resistance and need to go on to other therapies. In terms of the criteria  your second part of your question  to evaluate what a response is or what indeed a complete response is. There are a well-established criteria that we use in for our day-28 response rate that assess disease in skin, the GI tract and liver. For a complete response, you would need manifestations that were there before to have disappeared in those organ systems and we'd be using traditional response criteria there. I'll ask Reid to address your second part.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. So, in terms of the 872 program in sickle cell disease, the team here has conducted a number of preclinical studies to understand the impact of LSD1 inhibition on sickle cell disease parameters in rodent models, and those data, I think, have been presented now and are quite compelling, both in terms of the breadth of activity, but also in terms of the safety that one sees. Building on that safety experience, of course, I'll point out that we've completed rodent and non-rodent toxicology studies and also have emerging data from the Phase 1 oncology dose escalation program that all help to support the emerging safety profile of the compound. Of course, any effects in sickle cell disease directly related hemoglobin and other disease parameters will come from the first in-patients study in that patient group, and we'll have to see that data emerge before we can comment any further. But right now, we feel very comfortable with the pre-clinical efficacy and safety profile of the mechanism.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you, both, very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. I have two of them for you as well. So, first one's following up on Salveen's question. When thinking about the relative comparison you're making for your epacadostat PD-1 combos, is it really versus PD-1 monotherapy, or are you looking relative to established standards of care whether mono or combination therapies in the various tumor types? And then I have a follow-up too, after.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Cory. It's Steven. I think it's both. Let me explain myself. So, if you look in terms of obtaining regulatory approval and your designs against PD-1 alone, obviously, that benchmark would be established by prior studies or indeed a label if it was approved. However, you know better than most, the field is moving very quickly, and during the time on the conduct of the study, further data sets could come out with different benchmarks which would then be clinical benchmarks until those regimens were approved. I think this is maybe best illustrated by the melanoma area where obviously our design in ECHO-301 is pembro plus epacadostat versus pembro. The pembro monotherapy PFS rate is around 5.5 to 6 months. However, the ipi-nivo regimen in that same setting gives you a progression-free survival rate of around 11.5 months. So, to win, from a regulatory point of view in that study, we would have to beat the pembro mono arm, but the efficacy territory that the community maybe expect would potentially be more in the doublet area in that particular setting. That's on the efficacy side. From a safety point of view, and tolerability being really important, I think once you're in that efficacy territory, then you would start looking at the tolerability of your doublet. And with now  published now with more than one year of exposure data for pembro plus epacadostat update at ESMO last year, we're very confident in the tolerability profile of our doublet. So, long answer to your question, but it's both  but you segment them in what you need to get regulatory approval and then what you'd need for a clinical-commercial standard.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Then my second question is regarding baricitinib's ongoing development. And how much do plans for other indications like atopic dermatitis or psoriatic arthritis hinge on what you learn from the FDA in the upcoming post-CRL meeting? I mean, at this point, do you expect one to have a meaningful impact on the other? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Cory. Again, it's Steven. I'll go first. If we just step back, I think given the review process and regulatory outcome in Europe last year and the approval this year, we were both surprised and disappointed that this was the outcome of the FDA review. We remain confident in the benefit/risk of baricitinib as a new treatment option for adults with rheumatoid arthritis. And obviously, we look forward to working with Lilly in the development of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis and beyond. I appreciate your question around the potential impact on other indications. And you mentioned atopic dermatitis and psoriatic arthritis. And these programs, I'll just remind everyone on this call, are obviously run by Lilly and driven by them with our appropriate input. And they've guided to the fact that these continue to proceed forward. In terms of the CRL itself, just to address that, we won't be providing on this call any additional color beyond what Lilly's already stated on their quarterly call, which is that they will be meeting with the FDA to discuss the CRL within the next 60 days and to discuss the FDA's concerns and next steps. And that may impact the programs you mentioned. But at this junction in time, we can't comment further.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Steven. Appreciate the insight.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking... [Technical Difficulty] (36:41-36:49)
Operator: Ms. Young, please press star one on your phone again. [Technical Difficulty] (36:52-37:05)
Operator: Go ahead, Ms. Young, with your question.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Can you guys hear me?
Operator: Yes.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So, the question is, on the PD-1, do you guys  what progress have you made and is there a need for a back-up asset there as further investment with your immuno-oncology program? And the second question is with the Jakafi, are you finding that people are staying on longer or is there a deeper penetration or is the prevalence bigger? So, what are the dynamics there? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Alethia. Hi. It's Steven. I'll start off on your PD-1 question in terms of 1210, our PD-1 from Hengrui. That program is active. Patients are on study still, but we're maintaining a recruitment hold and we continue to assess the overall safety and efficacy of that particular compound before making further decisions on whether or not to go forward with that compound. I'll ask Herv to address the need for a back-up at this stage, but as I just said, we're still in review of the Hengrui compound.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. So, depending on how we are moving with this compound, there is obviously two scenarios. If we move forward, it's very simple. If we don't, I think we will be in a position where we may be looking at alternatives, but we don't know that yet. So, it's really pending more review of the existing program.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: And Alethia, for your second question related to Jakafi, it really is about greater penetration into the prevalent patient population in PV and MF. I think we've said before and it's true today that the prevalence of MF that we estimate is about 15,000 patients. We have more than 30%  we penetrate more than 30% of that prevalent population, but we still have a ways to go. And in PV, while we continue to grow even faster than MF, and adding new patients, the population that we've said that are refractory to hydroxyurea is about 25,000 patients and we penetrated a little more than 10% of that patient population. So, it's really about getting new patients and we continue to grow and add new patients. And those patients do stay on for a long period of time. We have lots of patients who have been on for years on Jakafi for myelofibrosis especially.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Marai with Nomura. Please state your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Michelle (39:54) on for Chris. We were hoping you could discuss the tolerability of topical ruxo. Last week, there was data from an IST at the Society for Investigative Dermatology in vitiligo, and there were some adverse events that caught our eye, particularly the redness, rash and the transient acne. Can you talk about the overall tolerability of your topical formulation of ruxo and also whether the market research for vitiligo and atopic derm suggests that these rash and acne will be issues?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Michelle (40:36). It's Steven. In terms of a topical ruxolitinib program, in general, we've had one public presentation of data in mid-November last year, which was the initial open phase of our alopecia areata data set. And you're right, there are minor grade 1 and 2, what I would describe as irritant skin reactions early on. But nothing that we or our investigators have found at all worrying that should impact at this junction studying topical ruxolitinib in either vitiligo or atopic dermatitis.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. So, was the discontinuation of the alopecia areata program just an efficacy decision, or can you talk about what went into that a little bit more?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, sure. It's Steven again. It is driven primarily by the lack of a sufficient efficacy signal to proceed to pivotal programs. It was a study that was conducted over 24 weeks. It was in the close phase of the one I just referenced where it's randomized against placebo and there wasn't enough of a difference in the topical ruxolitinib formulation versus placebo formulation to warrant going ahead in a pivotal program in alopecia areata. We're busy investigating the reasons for that. It may be related to scalp penetration being different from other areas of the skin, for example. That's all hypothetical at this juncture, largely be driven by us looking at the pharmacokinetic and pharmadynamic data that we get from that study as we investigate further.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then your CITADEL-101 data at ASCO, will that include combination data with itacitinib?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: It's Steven again. No, it's early data of monotherapy across B-cell malignancies. It does not have combination data in yet.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please state your question.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning, and thanks for the question. For Steven or Reid, on FGF, does a mechanism speak to activity in other tumor types beyond the ones you've highlighted, not sure if a broader Phase 2 is also in the works in addition to Phase 3 plan? And I have a follow-up.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Geoff. This is Reid. So, we have two FGFR programs now in the clinic. So, one is the 1/2/3 inhibitor 54828 and the other program which will be entering Phase 1 here soon is the FGFR4 inhibitor. Just to cover that one, that FGFR4 program really is going to be focusing on hepatocellular carcinoma and specifically patients that have pathway activation of the FGF19, FGFR4 access. There could be some other opportunities to explore outside of that, but those are not going to be central to the early part of the development program. A little bit different story for 54828 and FGFR1/2/3 inhibition, there are underlying tumor genetics of those three enzymes. In a number of solid tumor settings and liquid tumor settings, we remaining opportunistic in terms of where we take that compound and certainly the initial development program in bladder cancer, cholangiocarcinoma and a very rare myeloproliferative neoplasm called 8p11 are all driven in large because of the emerging data that we generated within our Phase 1 dose escalation trial. We will continue to explore other areas where those genetics may be important, and there are a number of other solid tumors that are on our radar screen and I think more generally the field's radar screen. But for right now, the core focus is in bladder, cholangio and 8p11.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Herv, bigger picture question. From looking at your pipeline chart, the obvious question is development capacity and what you'll select going forward. I mean, is it reasonable to use epacadostat as a template for how you can progress, maximize the number of Phase 3 programs or should we look to something like a formal out-licensing in the case baricitinib?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: No. I think  thanks for the question. I think I would say epacadostat is not typical because it's a mechanism that applies to potentially a very large number of genotype as you can see. So, I would not expect every program to go into eight or nine different Phase 3s as we are seeing with epacadostat. We just discussed FGFR as an example. There are some very precise indications where we want to test the molecule. Also, you will have a mix of narrowly applied product and some with broad application. So, that's really what we are expecting. In term of licensing out, in case the portfolio is becoming so large that it's totally unmanageable, first we are very far from that. So, it's not the case today, and we can discuss the  so where the organization is growing at the same pace or ahead of the portfolio itself. But obviously, I mean, there are different options that we have. What we tend to do, and you can see that with what we just discussed about the topical formulation of ruxolitinib, is that we would like to move the programs further, establish their value, and then there is a question about commercialization. We can always open that very much later in the process, and that would be our preferred choice. And there could be exception to that, because when  you know there could be situations where as we have seen in  it was a different world at the time of baricitinib partnership, but there are also cases and indication where we could consider that having a partner is better than doing it ourselves. So, we are fairly open, but we are not  in general, will be looking at building the value internally as far as we can go.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. One on ECHO-202 and 204. Can you tell us roughly how many patients worth of data should we expect at ASCO for those two combination trials with Keytruda and Opdivo? And then, secondly, maybe on the atopic dermatitis. Does your decision to start a Phase 2 trial of ruxolitinib have to do with the other Phase 2 run by Lilly in baricitinib? And also maybe a high-level question for Herv. The delay of FDA approval and also associated milestone and royalty from Lilly on baricitinib, would that curtail your appetite for external BD activity and also internal program progression? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Ying, hi. It's Steven. Just in terms of your first question, as I said in the script, it's approximately in the range of 30 to 40 patients per histology that we show. We were lucky enough at ASCO, and obviously our data warranted it, to get multiple presentations as we alluded to upfront. So, there's multiple orals as well as poster discussions. Quantitatively, you're dealing with patients in the hundreds total, but just point you towards each tumor type on its own, and we're roughly at 30 to 40 per tumor type in ECHO-202 and ECHO-204. In terms of topical rux or atopic dermatitis, that is unrelated to any oral program with Eli Lilly, if I understand your question correctly. And then I'll hand it over to Herv for the second part of your question.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: So, yeah, your question is about BD appetite. I think the way we have been thinking about business development is really based on the portfolios  the dynamic of the portfolio. We spoke about PD-1 a little bit earlier. You can see in Q1 that it was  for some reason, it ended up  many of them ended up coming in Q1. It was very busy. You can see for each of them that we are looking at the long-term growth of the organization. So, we speak about the Merus partnership. We speak about the Calithera partnership where we have also, in terms of portfolio optionality, a lot of new options now coming from that partnership. So, we will continue to look at that. I don't think the baricitinib advance or the delay we have there is changing the big picture, which is that we have a very rich internal portfolio and it's still the core of what Incyte is delivering is coming from our own research, with our own molecule that we are moving forward. But where if we see opportunities that makes sense long term for the shareholders and as a use of capital, we will continue to look at it knowing that there is no acute means for that. So, it's really a balance where we are able to look around and we are able to choose when we see something that we believe is creating value for the organization. So, no real chance in the direction there.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company, please state your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Morning, and thanks. Maybe another epacadostat question for Steven. Obviously, we've seen that some of the tumor subsets like head and neck were accepted for an oral presentation and others notably long were not. Should we assume that's representative of the strength of the data? And then in terms of also lung cancer and future developments, do your exclusivity provisions with Merck and Bristol provide enough space or room should Roche and AstraZeneca want to make go decisions in lung cancer? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Eric. Hi. It's Steven. Not at all in terms of the first question. It's unrelated to the efficacy signal in each. I think it's just related to the denominators in each of those settings in terms of what's submitted this, what's selected. And I can't speak to the program committee chairs who chose them. But from our point of view, there's no relation to the strength of the efficacy signal in the things being chosen for orals versus poster discussions. In terms of exclusivity, just to be clear, with BMS, there is none. With Merck, there's a 15-month exclusivity around the ability to test the same clinical question. But a different clinical question that will be tested with Merck can be done in other studies going forward with either partner, should that occur.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Gould with UBS. Please state your question.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys, and congrats on all the progress. Thanks for the question. Probably one for Reid or Steve on 1158. I recognize your choices will be data dependent. But given the similarities and the metabolic-driven mechanism, wanted to know about how you're thinking about your base plans for 1158 in the context of epacadostat. I guess do you see this more as a follow on or a chance to improve upon epacadostat or more  or do you come at it with more of a bias to go after a differential instead of tumors? Thank you.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Carter. Thanks for the question. This is Reid. So, we're still early days with arginase as a mechanism right now. We have some clinical hypotheses that'll drive the early phases of the clinical development program and those include a belief that the mechanism is likely to be most active when it's used in combination regimens and specifically in IO doublet combination regimens. And so, there as you might expect, a combination with PD-1 access blockade is particularly attractive and could be a first step for the program. Given what we're learning about the potential for epacadostat to add efficacy without untoward safety with  when used with PD-1 access blockade, then you can imagine a triplet regimen being of interest, but of course, we've got a little bit more wood to chop before we get to that point. Beyond that, there's an active preclinical research effort that we have now ongoing subsequent to the in-licensing of the compound from Calithera and we're looking at a number of other IO components and even chemo regimens and we'll understand the biology as we go forward in the clinic and we'll make decisions based on both the emerging clinical data as well as the emerging preclinical research.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. Great timing. Just a follow-up on that prior question. Does it make any sense to combine the arginase inhibitor with epacadostat at some point or is that overlapping? How do you see those two kind of possibly working together?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Liisa, it's Reid. I think to the extent that they both address different distinct mechanisms within the tumor microenvironment, it's an interesting thing to explore. There are some recently published data that speak to the potential role for arginase and IDO1 activity in dendritic cells and you can imagine those are the sorts of things that we will explore pretty carefully pre-clinically and any decision to move that into clinical development would based on some pretty solid scientific rationale from the animal model work.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya with BMO Capital. Please state your question.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. I have a couple of them related to epacadostat. And I apologize if they've been asked. I joined the call a little bit late. The first question is related to the ASCO presentation. Should we, as observers, be  do you think we'll be able to tease out differences in terms of the benefit you're observing with the PD-1 versus the PD-L1? Just if you could comment on that. Second, just thinking about the Phase 3 program with Bristol and Merck, and maybe one of the key themes coming out of the AACR was need for further segmentation of the treatment of solid tumor patients. How will that sort of manifest itself in terms of the Phase 3 trial designs that you and your two partners have chosen to move forward with?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Ian, hi, it's Steven. The data that we're showing at ASCO in Chicago in a month is with PD-1 inhibitors with pembro, with the ECHO-202 with Merck, and with nivo with the ECHO-204 with BMS. So, you won't see at the upcoming meeting PD-L1 data with us at this juncture. In terms of segmentation in different areas and how things play out in terms of demographics and disease populations, as well as biomarkers, it's too early to comment because the designs aren't public yet. But I think it's safe to say in lung cancer, there's definitely a role for PD-L1 staining enrichment in different populations. And I won't make other segmentation comments beyond, the others will be more around lines of therapy; first, second line, et cetera.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Katherine Xu with William Blair. Please state your question.
Yu Katherine Xu - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I'm just curious whether you could provide some updated thoughts on the IDO inhibitor competitive landscape, given the indoximod data at AACR and Roche TECENTRIQ plus their IDO1 inhibitor coming at ASCO and other earlier stage compounds?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Katherine. This is Reid. So, we learned a little bit more about the competitive landscape at this past AACR Meeting in April. We had two disclosures, one from Bristol-Myers Squibb with the inhibitor that they in-license from Flexus as well as a disclosure on indoximod in combination with PD-1 blockade in melanoma. I think just in general, both disclosures I think helped to underscore the interest the field has in IDO1 in addition either directly at the enzyme level or at the pathway level in the immuno-oncology space. As expected, the BMS compound is a potent and selective inhibitor. We knew that from earlier preclinical disclosures and is being dosed to high inhibitory multiple, similar to what we have done over the past years with epacadostat. I think it's far too early to develop any kind of an opinion on efficacy or safety and they're going to need more follow-up before we can make those sorts of statements. In terms of Roche data, we haven't seen too much from them. Obviously, we look forward to the data that they disclosed at ASCO. I will say that epacadostat's profile to-date has been  we've been very pleased with that profile and we have now over 1,000 patients dosed with that drug without any clear liability that, I think, offers a competitor a path to differentiate on that mechanism. And our focus has been and continues to be expanding the competitive gap we have versus those competitors. And I think the up to nine plus pivotal trials we have to initiative with Bristol and Merck, and the ongoing work in the earlier phases of the ECHO program help to underscore just how broad the epacadostat effort is right now and will be over the near future. And hopefully, that will continue to drive the most important differentiation in the space, which is bringing the therapy to the appropriate patients in a pivotal or even a commercial setting.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our one-hour mark for today's earnings call. Our final question will come from Ren Benjamin with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Great. Thanks, guys, for squeezing me in and congratulations on a great quarter. Maybe just two questions. One, the delta program. Can you help us think about how you're thinking about the landscape? Do you establish value as a monotherapy or should we really be thinking about how this is going to look in combination with not just itacitinib, but also other combinations? And then second question is on the ET pivotal program. Can you talk a little bit about maybe that design, how long you think it'll last and what the ET could potentially add to the $2 billion peak sales that you already have established for the MF and PF franchises and GVHD. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Reni, I'll do your first two questions, but the second part of your second one, I'll let somebody else address in terms of its potential commercial value. But the PI3 kinase delta program, in a nutshell, the way we view it is it's a second generation inhibitor and all the data we have to-date by removing one of the chemical moiety that are in the first-generation compounds, like idelalisib and duvelisib, we've been able to, for the most part, get rid of any liver signals. So, we're not seeing transaminitis to-date in the program and we think it's because of that adjustment to the chemistry. But beyond that, these are, as a class very, very active compounds as monotherapy. The real issue becomes long-term tolerability particularly as you get out beyond the 140, 150 days, and that's where our challenge is now. We know we have an active compound. We presented data at ASH last year across B cell malignancies a very high efficacy. What we need now is working internally and then with our investigators and ultimately with the Agency to come up with dose and the schedule modifications that help retain the efficacy, but then give you long-term tolerability. And that's in the monotherapy setting. I think in combination, we've been cautious and going slowly. We have numerous combinations ongoing in terms of safety enabling, but we have to be very focused on toxicity and appropriate prophylaxis. So, it's a little early to comment on combination with standard therapies in B cell malignancy. With the delta program in general, there are numerous internal combinations of interest that we're investigating internally with various doublets that I doesn't have the time to go into now. Essential thrombocythemia, as Barry said in the upfront remarks, we're looking at a post hydrea (01:02:41) population where there is an unmet need, there's an approved drug in anagrelide? We have a Phase 2 that's published in 39 patients with rux in that setting that already show in a Phase 2 setting we can lower platelet count, we can lower white cell count and in a few patients who had a large spleen three or four of them had a reduction in that splenomegaly. So, the design of our pivotal study here is using a composite endpoint around the hematologic parameters for which we've data that implicates that we have a good chance of success because we have proof of concept there. In terms of the commercial opportunity, I'll let either Barry or Herv address it.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: So, this is Barry. So, Steven really addressed it, there's a real need in the second-line population in ET for patients who regress or fail on hydroxyurea. About 8,000 patients, we estimate, are available. We'll see about the duration of therapy, but we know that ruxolitinib is likely to be an effective drug in that setting. We'll wait for the endpoints when we finish the study to see how long patients stay on therapy. Thanks.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: I'll now turn the conference back to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Thank you for your time today and for your question. We look forward to seeing some of you at ASCO, I guess, or some other medical conferences. But now, I'd just like to thank you for your participation in the call today. So, thank you and good-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's earnings call. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Kennen Mackay - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Geoffrey C. Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Tony Butler, Ph.D. - Guggenheim Securities LLC Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc. Michael Schmidt, Ph.D. - Leerink Partners LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Diego. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter and year end 2016 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investors section of incyte.com. Speaking on today's call will be Herv Hoppenot, our CEO, who will begin with some comments on both our long-term strategy and our recent business development activities. Herv will then pass to Barry Flannelly, who leads our U.S. organization and he will provide an update on Jakafi sales and provide some detail on U.S. demand growth in MF and PV. Steven Stein, Incyte's Chief Medical Officer, will highlight the depths of our late-stage programs and detail our key expected value drivers for the year. Dave Gryska, our CFO, will summarize fourth quarter and full year results for 2016 as well as provide 2017 guidance, before opening up the call for Q&A for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer. We'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2017 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for his introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So we had a very productive year at Incyte in 2016 with total revenue growing at 47% year-on-year and during which we expanded our geographic footprint to include Europe and further advanced our clinical portfolio. We also added to our early-stage program in a meaningful way. To start, I'd like to begin our discussion today by talking about the DNA of Incyte, which is innovation. We believe that innovation and the discovery of new products is where value is created in our industry and Jakafi's growth enables Incyte to make significant investments in our R&D portfolio. In fact, more than 60% of 2016 Jakafi product revenue was reinvested into R&D during last year. We are in a strong position to drive our broad portfolios through the clinic and beyond and just yesterday, we announced with Lilly that baricitinib has been approved in Europe for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Baricitinib would be marketed as Olumiant and royalties from Olumiant has the potential to be a significant future revenue driver for Incyte. This next slide shows the evolution of our full year annual revenue since 2012. As you can see, we have had impressive growth since the launch of Jakafi both in the U.S. and ex-U.S. with Novartis and we're pleased to announce today that for the first time ever, total annual revenue recorded by Incyte has surpassed $1 billion. Next, I'll talk about how we are reinvesting these resources in an effort to sustain and accelerate our future growth. As you can see on slide 7, we now have seven late-stage programs. Baricitinib and capmatinib are partnered globally with Lilly and Novartis, respectively, and we intend to maintain our current rights for the other five candidates in major market. Steven will provide update on the details of our late-stage plans showing that having this depth of late-stage candidates places us in a very good position for future growth. Within the early-stage portfolio, we have added our new clinical candidate, INCB62079, which is a selective FGFR4 inhibitor. Last month, we added the first-in-class oral arginase inhibitor, INCB01158, to our portfolio through an alliance agreement with Calithera and in December, we further enhanced our discovery effort through a long-term collaboration with Merus. I'll discuss this collaboration further in the next slide. I'd begin with our Calithera collaboration. We believe that arginase is an important target within the tumor microenvironment and could have a role in combination with other immuno-oncology therapies, including epacadostat. We are excited to have secured global rights to a first-in-class molecule, which is already in the clinic. INCB01158 has shown an attractive preclinical profile, including potencies, selectivity or bioavailability and in vivo efficacy and safety. It's currently being studied in a monotherapy dose escalation trial and combination trials are planned. Concerning Merus, our strategic collaboration with Merus is expected to provide us long-term access to their Biclonics Technology for up to 11 programs. We believe Biclonics is the leading bispecific technology for four main reasons. It uses fully human antibodies, it uses a native IgG format, it allows for the functional screening of potential candidates and manufacturing of Biclonics is expected to be relatively simple. We have just had the initial  the first Scientific Kickoff Meeting and we very much look forward to working with the Merus team in the coming years. I'll now pass the call to Barry for the update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Sales of Jakafi continue to perform well. On the left side of this slide, you see that Jakafi's revenue for the full year 2016 was $853 million, a 42% increase over the full year 2015. In the fourth quarter, net product revenue from Jakafi was $238 million, a 6% increase over Q3 and a 30% increase over the fourth quarter revenue of 2015. In the next slide, we'll provide more detail on the 30% growth we saw from Q4 2015 to Q4 2016. On slide 11, you can see that growth in Jakafi is substantially driven by patient demand. The bar graph on the left shows that the number of patients on Jakafi at the end of Q4 2016 grew 28% over Q4 2015. In comparison, revenue growth in the same period was 30%. The bar graph on the right shows how the 28% growth in total patients is split by total and new patients in each indication. Both indications are contributing to growth of the brand and PV growth is greater than MF growth. This is due to the significantly larger established patient base in myelofibrosis, and we expect polycythemia vera to be a major long-term driver of Jakafi growth, due to the larger potential patient population and the potential for longer duration of treatment. Next, I'd like to talk to you about Jakafi guidance for 2017 and in the longer-term. As we announced about a month ago, we expect long-term peak sales of Jakafi to reach $2 billion. This guidance includes revenue from myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera indications and the potential GVHD indication, but does not yet reflect estimates for the potential approval of Jakafi in essential thrombocythemia. Today, we announced that our 2017 Jakafi net product revenue guidance is a range of $1.02 billion to $1.07 billion. This reflects what we believe will be continued patient demand growth in both approved indications. With that, I'll pass the call to Steven for a clinical update.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. We have a broad and deep portfolio, here at Incyte. We have multiple late-stage assets that are in or are expected to begin pivotal trials this year. I'll provide more details on slide 15, the next slide . The pivotal program of ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory graft versus host disease is underway and the pivotal programs that we expect to begin this year include those of ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia and itacitinib in treatment-nave graft versus host disease. In addition to the ongoing Phase 3 trial of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in Melanoma, we expect to begin pivotal trials of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in non-small cell lung cancer, bladder cancer, renal cancer and head and neck cancer during 2017. We are also currently running three Phase 2 trials, that if successful, may be registration-enabling. The FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, INCB54828 in patients with bladder cancer, cholangiocarcinoma and an 8p11 translocated myeloproliferative neoplasm. A fourth Phase 2 trial that may also be registration-enabling is with our PI3 kinase Delta inhibitor, INCB50465 in patients with diffuse large B cell lymphoma. This trial is expected to begin in the first half of 2017. In addition, we have two late-stage assets, the JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, baricitinib, and the c-MET inhibitor, capmatinib, which are partnered with Eli Lilly and Novartis, respectively. Baricitinib is now approved in Europe and other global regulatory reviews for rheumatoid arthritis are ongoing. Lilly announced that it plans to begin a Phase 3 trial of baricitinib in patients with psoriatic arthritis during 2017. We have opted into co-development for this indication as well as for co-development of axial spondyloarthritis and atopic dermatitis, should Lilly also progress these indications into pivotal development. Novartis expects data from the trial of capmatinib in combination with EGFR inhibition in patients with non-small cell lung cancer to readout later in 2017, and also expects to submit an NDA to the FDA for capmatinib in non-small cell lung cancer in 2018. Next, I'd like to move to our epacadostat program. As we announced with Merck last month, we have decided to expand the combination of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab into four additional tumor types, and we expect to begin these pivotal programs during 2017. Of the nine total tumor types studied in ECHO-202, five are now in or being moved into pivotal development. We continue to collect data for the diffuse large B cell lymphoma, and microsatellite instability-high colorectal cancer cohorts, and have no current plans to move ahead with either ovarian cancer or triple-negative breast cancer. Slide 17 shows our current portfolio. Over the course of 2016, our portfolio has evolved significantly, and is now nicely balanced between early-stage versus late-stage assets. Since our call this time last year, we've added five new clinical candidates and have moved more than half of that existing portfolio into the next stage of development. We believe that our portfolio is unique and unparalleled for a company of our size and contains both first-in-class and best-in-class candidates. We intend to pursue development of our product candidates in both mono and combinatorial settings further enhancing the optionality of our opportunities. The agreements of Merus and Calithera are both additive to and potentially synergistic with our in-house discovery and development efforts. And the agreement we have reached with Agenus to restructure our collaboration gives Incyte control of the global development and commercialization of our two lead large molecule therapeutics. I'll now finish my section on our expected news flow. On slide 18, you can see the progress we expect to make in our portfolio over the next year. Much of this has already been communicated with our previous slides. So, I'd like to highlight just a few things. First, we are preparing to present first-in-man data for INCB54828, our FGFR1/2/3 inhibitor, during the first half of 2017, with the data from the BRD and PIM programs potentially later in the year. We plan to begin the new pivotal programs of epacadostat in non-small cell lung cancer, renal cancer, bladder cancer and head and neck cancer during 2017. And we also expect to initiate a proof-of-concept trial of topical ruxolitinib in patients with vitiligo. We expect 2017 to be a busy year at Incyte and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financials.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by discussing our fourth quarter and 2016 performance and then provide guidance for 2017, which will include the accounting for Agenus, Merus and Calithera agreements. In the fourth quarter, we recorded $326 million in total revenue. This was comprised of $238 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $13 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $33 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis and $43 million in contract revenue, including a milestone paid to us by Novartis, related to pricing approval of Jakavi for PV. For 2016, we recorded $1.1 billion of total revenue. This was comprised of $853 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $30 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $111 million in Jakavi royalties from Novartis and $113 million in contract revenue. Our gross to net adjustment for Jakafi for 2016 was approximately 12%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter and full year was $20 million and $58 million, respectively. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payment of royalties to Novartis for U.S. Jakafi net sales and the amortization of acquired product rights related to the Iclusig product acquisition. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $162 million, including $17 million in non-cash stock compensation. For the full year, our R&D expense was $582 million, including $60 million in non-cash stock compensation. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $96 million, including $10 million in non-cash stock compensation. For the full year, our SG&A expense was $303 million, including $36 million in non-cash stock compensation. We recorded $7 million in expense related to the change in the fair market value of the contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability in the fourth quarter and $17 million for the full year. As for net income for the quarter and full year, we reported $9 million and $104 million, respectively. Looking at our balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with $809 million in cash and marketable securities. To summarize, we are extremely pleased with our performance in 2016. Jakafi delivered strong revenue growth. We grew our cash position by over $100 million for the year and continue to make significant advancements in our clinical development programs. Turning to slide 21, I would like to highlight some key drivers of our 2017 guidance. We anticipate that milestone payments may add significantly to Incyte's total revenue during 2017. The events which may trigger these milestones are laid out on the left hand side of slide 21. We announced that yesterday of the European approval of baricitinib, which will be marketed as Olumiant is the first of what we expect will be several global approvals of baricitinib. In addition, Lilly moving baricitinib into Phase 3 in new indications would also trigger milestone payments to Incyte. We also anticipate that development and commercialization milestones on Jakavi may be triggered by Novartis. On the expense side, we anticipate epacadostat and baricitinib to be drivers of ongoing R&D expense, and the recently signed agreements with Agenus, Merus and Calithera will add one-time items to our R&D expense in 2017. In terms of SG&A expense, 2017 will be the first full year that we include our European operations. Moving on, I'll now summarize the key components of our 2017 guidance. Please note, that the guidance we provide today does not include any additional potential future strategic transactions beyond the Merus and Calithera collaborations already announced. For 2017, we expect net product revenue from Jakafi to be in the range of $1.02 billion to $1.07 billion. For Iclusig, we expect net product revenue to be in the range of $60 million to $65 million. And as I detailed on the previous slide, we expect to receive up to $300 million in milestone payments from our collaboration partners. The most significant portion of the $300 million milestone payments will be $165 million in milestone payments from Lilly for baricitinib approvals in the U.S. and Europe. We anticipate receiving royalties from Lilly after the approval of Olumiant, and will continue to receive royalty payments from Novartis on Jakavi in 2017. We are not providing guidance on these royalties. We expect our gross to net adjustment for 2017 to be approximately 13% for Jakafi. Jakafi is the main driver of our gross to net adjustment and as with similar oncology drugs, our gross to net adjustment is higher in the first quarter than the rest of the year, primarily because of our share of a donut hole from Medicare Part D patients. We expect total cost of goods sold to be in the range of $75 million to $80 million. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payment of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales and the amortization of acquired product rights, related to the Iclusig product acquisition. 2017 R&D expense guidance is made up of two parts; one-time expenses associated with Agenus, Merus and Calithera collaborations, and ongoing expense associated with development of our extensive product pipeline. The Merus collaboration consisted of $120 million upfront cash payment and an $80 million stock investment. We will recognize the $120 million payment along with approximately a $2 million premium on the stock purchase as R&D expense in the first quarter. The Calithera collaboration agreement consisted of a $45 million upfront cash payment and an $8 million stock investment. We will recognize the $45 million payment along with an approximate $4 million discount on the stock purchase as R&D expense in the first quarter. This will result in $41 million of R&D expense in the first quarter for this particular collaboration. The amendment on the Agenus agreement consists of $20 million in accelerated milestone payments and a $60 million (21:21) stock investment. We'll recognize the $20 million payment along with approximately $20 million premium on the stock purchase as R&D expense in the first quarter. We therefore expect these one-time expense items to be approximately $205 million and we expect ongoing R&D expense to be in the range of $785 million to $835 million, including non-cash expense related to employee equity awards. The increase in our ongoing R&D expense year-over-year is mainly driven by the advancement of our products in the pipeline, including the previously announced plans to move into multiple Phase 3 studies of epacadostat and an opt-in to co-fund additional indications for baricitinib with Lilly. We expect SG&A expense to be in the range of $340 million to $360 million, including non-cash expense related to employee equity awards. As I mentioned earlier, the increase in our SG&A expense year-over-year includes a full year of expense for our recently acquired European operations versus seven months in 2016. We expect total non-cash expense related to employee equity awards to be in the range of $130 million to $140 million. In addition, we expect a change in the fair market value of a contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. And finally, we expect net income to be in the range of $50 million to $70 million. I would note however that the inherent uncertainty with respect to achievement and timing of milestones I detailed earlier may create variability in our net income on a quarterly basis. I'll finish on slide 23, which provides a summary of our clinical and strategic goals. Incyte is very well-positioned from a cash and operating income perspective to execute on our strategies for growth, which we are confident will deliver significant long-term shareholder value in 2017 and beyond. Incyte has a broad portfolio of late-stage assets, which have the potential to drive significant momentum and value over the next several years. We also have plans for further geographic expansion into the Asia Pacific region to enable us to maximize the potential of our product portfolio. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Brian Abrahams with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys, thanks very much for taking my question and congrats on all the progress. I guess on epacadostat, I was wondering if you could maybe talk to some of the considerations in designing a Phase 3 for epacadostat plus pembro in non-small cell lung. Any learnings from the biomarker data and evolving clinical results that might shape the trial design or patient selection for lung or other indications? And then, I'm curious if you've yet established economic terms around the future Phase 3 trial conduct with Merck? Is there any consideration to an exclusivity arrangement akin to melanoma? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Brian, hi. It's Steven Stein. Thank you for your question. I'll do the first part and Herv will address your second part of your question. I can't give you any granular details. They're still being worked out. The data that enabled the decision has been submitted to a major meeting and the abstracts for that meeting will be released in middle of May and until then we bound by the rules, embargo rules related to that. But we do take into consideration in any histology all of the above that you mentioned; response, duration of response and the biomarker piece. Just to end on the lung one, because that's the one you highlighted, obviously that's an area that is moving quickly, both in the first-line, second-line setting, PD-L1-positive, PD-L1-negative and has numerous report-outs this year as well. So, it's an area, we'll be obviously paying very, very careful attention to, in terms of the study design and that will be shared with you on ClinicalTrials.gov when it goes live. In terms of the terms, I will let Herv speak to it.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Like Steven said, I mean the work today, most of the work today that is ongoing is related to the design of the study and the way we're going to organize the teams to manage the studies at the same time in parallel, we are discussing with Merck on the term and the economics. I mean the basic assumption is that, we have drugs that will be provided by each of the company to contribute to the study. Then one of the company would be leading the execution of the study for some of them, there would be cost sharing for all of them. We don't know yet exactly how that would be done for the pembro program and we have no further information of discussion related to exclusivity. So that's really where we're and it's ongoing, and we expect that to be running in parallel with the clinical work and sort of coming to conclusion over the next few weeks as a target.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kennen Mackay with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kennen Mackay - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks so much. Maybe one for Barry, just on the guidance. I was just wondering if the Jakafi guidance included any pricing increase assumptions and maybe just sort of in line with what we've seen in terms of sort of a timing of historical price increases or if this was purely based on volume growth? Thank you.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Well, most of it's based on volume growth. We don't really talk about price increases at all. Going forward, we might assume modest price increases. But, as you can see from the slides for 2016, we have nice uptake in total patients and new patients both for MF and PV.
Kennen Mackay - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And then again maybe just a follow-up for Barry. Is there anything you can  any sort of color you can provide on the sort of duration of treatment we're seeing in polycythemia vera versus in myelofibrosis?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: What we said is that it's longer. Getting an accurate reading on persistency for an oral drug over time is not that easy. But PV has been longer than MF, but even our MF patients, we have many of them that have been on for five years or more. But when you look at a 12-month cohort of patients, PV patients are longer than MF patients.
Kennen Mackay - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is for Mike. My team loves your music selection. How do you choose those?
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: I'm pleased you like it. Next question, please.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I have a serious question here. So for Steve, on slide 18, it seems that you've put the timing for initiation of additional pivotal trial for epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab towards the end of this year. I was wondering what is the gating factor here since you already have the data from Phase 2 in-house? And then secondly, also you guys are starting to recruit for the Phase 3 for ET. Can you tell us about the addressable size for ET?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yes, hi, it's Steven Stein. Thanks for your questions, Ying. In terms of, you know we said 2017, because it's hard to give precision in terms of you know exactly when a first patient will be enrolled. The things that go into are, obviously, the standard stuff in terms of writing a protocol. But the real critical path is getting the regulatory meetings done and the regulatory feedback and get an agreement on the design and the endpoints. And I would say, in answer to your question at a high level, that's the critical piece. The plan though is very much to get, hopefully, every one of the Phase 3s started in 2017, but a lot will depend on the regulatory feedback. Your second question related to ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia, you know it's an indication we've been interested in obviously for a while, given that it is one of the myeloproliferative neoplasms. There is a Phase 2 dataset that was presented and published by Incyte in 2014 in 39 patients, looking at various aspects, but including endpoints in terms of control of platelet count, white blood cell count, and in a few patients that had splenomegaly, in fact four of them, three of them got resolution of that splenomegaly. So, we know we have activity in terms of the endpoints of interest. Only thing we've guided to is to start the study in 2017 and nothing further at this moment.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of them for you as well. First of all, was the Agenus amendment driven by any new or additional data you've seen on the GITR or OX40 programs?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yes. Hi, Cory, this is Reid. Thanks for the question. No. Really the Agenus amendment is one that is really designed to, as Steven said, give Incyte the control of the global development and commercialization of those two programs, which had previously been structured as a 50%/50%. We think that's going to significantly simplify the decision-making process and really increase the flexibility around the conduct of the current trials, as well as help speed the initiation of any new clinical trials. That's nothing to do with any emerging data with respect to those two programs.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then the second question I have is, I'm curious about the difference between ruxolitinib and INCB39110, or I guess itacitinib I think it's called now, in treating GVHD. Curious why one is specifically geared towards steroid refractory patients and the other targeting treatment-nave patients? Is there something in particular about the two molecules that leads you in this direction? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, Cory, I will start off and Reid may want to add something about the biology. But INCB39110, which is now called itacitinib, is, if you take rux as your reference for JAK1/JAK2 and use a 1:1 ratio there, then INCB39110, it's itacitinib now, is about 20-fold more selective for JAK1. So, there was always a feeling, at least theoretically, that because of its potential to be more sparing, in terms of cell counts, that it may have a different utility in certain settings. If you look at our dataset from our proof-of-concept study that we presented at the American Society of Hematology at the end of 2016, you will see that in fact, in the steroid-nave acute setting, itacitinib had an 83% response rate. In the latter (33:21) steroid-refractory chronic setting, it was 63%, and so we feel that data is supportive of doing steroid-nave acute development, which is where we're heading with the compound, which is an area by the way where you may want to be more sparing given that people have just received transplants and may have more trouble in terms of cytopenias. So, that's what I'll say about why we headed that way.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking my question. So, firstly, with regard to on the 2016 results, we see about 28% growth in patients on drug, but only 30% revenue growth. So does this mean that you're netting 2% of price increases? And then on the SG&A expense side, your 4Q run rate is about $24 million above the top end of your 2017 guidance. So were there any one-time items in 4Q that should not recur in 2017 or what does this trend suggest?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Salveen, it's Barry. Just to clarify, I'll take the first part of your question and then I guess, Dave will take the next part of your question. First of all, it's 42% net sales growth full year 2016 over 2015. And then, what you're referring to as 28% is just new patient growth on Jakafi and it doesn't necessarily correlate directly with net product revenue because patients get fewer or greater number of bottles in a given quarter as they come on. And then you have the effect of inventory and burning off of inventory from one quarter to the next quarter.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Salveen, it's Dave. I'll take your second question on the SG&A expense. The reason it's slightly higher in Q4 is just the artifact of timing between Q3 and Q4. So that was just a timing issue and on a go-forward basis, if you look into 2017, we wouldn't expect to see that kind of a difference between Q3 and Q4.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then just on the pipeline, you've previously suggested that your Phase 3 go-forward decisions with Merck were in part due to the Phase 2 starting first. So, when should we expect data from the other three partnerships to be sufficient, decide on next steps? And then essential thrombocytopenia, I think in the past, you opted not to move forward with this program, so what's changed on this front?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Salveen, hi, it's Steven. In terms of the collaboration, you're absolutely right. It's an effective timing. So, the Merck collaboration with IDO, the ECHO-202 program, was first to begin and that's why that dataset matured first. The other datasets across the other collaborations are as we've always said, maturing as we speak, so over the next weeks and months. Those, who will come in, we'll be looking at them and making further decisions there. So, you're right, it's just an operational timing issue, but those are coming in. Essential thrombocythemia, it was around what to do in terms of the endpoint. So, the first-line treatment is commonly hydroxyurea. There is an FDA-approved drug for second-line treatment, anagrelide, which can lower platelet counts. The dataset that I quoted earlier with ruxolitinib in essential thrombocythemia patients, shows that we can both lower platelets, lower white blood cell counts and resolve splenomegaly when it's present. So, the ability to use those as a regulatory endpoint in a setting that's post-hydroxyurea is where we're interested now. And it was just an evolution in terms of the understanding of our own dataset and the opportunity with regulators to design the correct study.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya with BMO Capital. Please state your question.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Maybe just wanted to get a couple of clarifications. So, on the decision to move forward with the IDO/pembro combo in the four different tumor types, just wanted to clarify that doesn't limit it to four Phase 3 studies, that you could run multiple studies, multiple Phase 3 trials in a given tumor type? And separately, just wanted to ask if a decision to evaluate pembro/IDO chemo combo, would that need to be preceded by Phase 1, Phase 2 data or do you feel like you've learned enough to maybe sort of  maybe a little bit of leap of faith, but move that into pivotal trials as well?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Ian, hi. It's Steven. Thank you. So, you are absolutely correct. In terms of the histology, they stand on their own. But there are opportunities to do different settings. So for example, a first-line setting, a second-line setting, and then as you alluded to, in the second part of your question, with or without chemotherapy combinations. And then the nuances for example in some cancers, people can't receive chemotherapy first-line for various reasons, either age or intolerability. So, you are absolutely correct. This is not limited to a finite number of Phase 3 studies in any histology. In terms of chemotherapy combinations, it's safety that needs to enable it, as you alluded to. We do have and are about to open studies looking at combinations of the triplets, PD-1 and IDO1 inhibitor plus chemotherapy, but there is also the opportunity to potentially do safety run-ins within either Phase 2 or Phase 3 studies that will satisfy either regulatory requirements or IRB requirements to get the safety data you need to enable the chemotherapy combination. And we will explore both in terms of the most efficient way to get the data we need and then obviously safety first and making sure these combinations are safe.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Should we assume then that the potential chemo combos would start a little bit later, so they potentially might not be in 2017. And then, just a separate question, if I just can ask, on baricitinib, I thought the opt-in decisions were contingent on Phase 2 data. So have you seen the atopic dermatitis Phase 2 data for baricitinib already?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, just to again your first question and it's Steven again, Ian. I don't think it's gated particularly to time, because you can start the Phase 3 with the safety run-in and the required number of patients may not be large. So, you could end up doing 10 patients' to 20 patients' worth of data and not incur a tremendous time hit. So, I don't feel that the case would mean any substantial delay. The opt-in decisions are something we work carefully with, obviously, with Eli Lilly. The one that is absolutely going forward currently is the psoriatic arthritis one. We have communicated that we were opting in to atopic dermatitis and then axial spondyloarthritis, but we've yet to go through in detail those data packages with Lilly.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please state your question.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys, and thanks for the question. I had a few quick ones for Reid, and then a follow-up. Just want to get some perspective on epacadostat in breast or ovarian cancer. Should we interpret your Phase 3 as evidence that IDO value is more correlated to PD-L1, PD-1 access? And what does the science tell you about whether other mechanisms like arginase synthesis can turn cold tumors hot?
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yes, Geoff, this is Reid. Thanks for the question. I think we're obviously learning in real-time with epacadostat as the data from the ECHO program comes in. But as you alluded to the fact that we have go-forward decisions now and data to support those in myeloma, renal cell, head and neck, lung and bladder, those would all be classified as the inflamed tumor types. Those with a resident T-cell population and ones which are generally responsive even to single-agent PD-1. The lack of activity thus far in triple-negative breast and ovarian cancer would be consistent again with IDO being active there. Love to see how the data comes in for the other tumor types, but that's certainly where we're leaning and what the data supports. In terms of arginase, completely different mechanism targeting the myeloid cell population, could be subject to very different rules in terms of which patients are more likely to respond, and that's something that will be studied very carefully in the Phase 1, Phase 2 development program for INCB01158.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then bigger picture question for Herv or Dave. So, when I look at your guys' pipeline, obviously a lot going on in oncology with partnered and wholly-owned programs. I guess the question is how do you think about capacity constraints, either, say, capital or personnel as more and more programs move from proof-of-concept to Phase 3? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Herv here. I can start. And maybe in terms of capital, we are really managing the P&L in a way where we are careful that we are allocating resources to the program that we believe are the most promising. So, that's the first discipline and it's really applied to every program that we have. You can see from the numbers, that we are cash flow-positive. We have a cash position at the end of Q4 that was around $800 million. So, we are in a position where we can do in parallel epacadostat Phase 3 and as we discussed, some of this Phase 3 will be, could be co-funded by some of the partners we're working with and at the same time, the baricitinib opt-in, which is financially relatively significant, but we believe is an excellent, excellent investment for the corporation. The rest of the portfolio assuming some of these products are going to move forward into later stage and Phase 3 studies would be at this stage that from the capital standpoint we can afford that. From the personnel standpoint, obviously the baricitinib programs are  we are not dedicating any head count to this program, they are all conducted by Lilly. As we discussed with epacadostat, some of these programs hopefully will be done with a partner involved, which could also help from that standpoint. And for the rest, we have become over the past few years, a company that is attracting some of the top talent in the industry. We are increasing our capabilities in clinical research across Europe, thanks to the acquisition of the ARIAD Europe team. We have a medical team in place on top of the existing medical team we were building in Geneva over the past few years. And in the U.S., we have a team now that is fully fledged and is really operating at capacity. There is no (44:46) situation yet as we are growing in parallel with the portfolio. Obviously in Japan, we've not yet established our own team there. It's something that I would like to do over the next few months in a progressive way, nothing crazy. But where we will have the opportunity to do our own clinical development, regulatory pharmacogenomic (45:10) activities in Japan and that from the financial standpoint will be, in fact, cost saving versus using CROs. So, it's something that we'll be sort of replacing internal capabilities versus external CROs. So, overall, we are managing the cash flow, that's really important. And we are looking at how to grow the teams as we need through the portfolio evolving and frankly the past two years have shown that it can be done in parallel in a way that's pretty effective. So, that's where we are. It was a long answer, but it's a very important subject for me.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Guggenheim Securities. Please state your question.
Tony Butler, Ph.D. - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning and thank you. A couple of questions. One for Reid. You made a comment about the Agenus agreement and it not changing based on OX40 or GITR, but I noticed an abstract at the AACR, which seems to be quite interesting utilizing epacadostat plus OX40 and GITR, suggesting that OX40 GITR potentiate epacadostat. So, I am curious if you might want to, or if you can spend a minute just discussing that. Does it require both and therefore not either to potentiate epacadostat? And then a question around the paired biopsies. Do you actually have data and a biopsy post-dose that illustrates clonal T-cell to the tumor? Can you actually comment around that? And finally, can you give us the average dose of MF and PV currently? Thanks very much.
Reid M. Huber - Incyte Corp.: Yes, hi, Tony. This is Reid. I'll take your first two questions and then I'll turn it over to Barry. In terms of the AACR abstract, obviously, we'll have to wait till those data are presented to discuss them in more detail, but suffice it to say that as two co-stimulatory receptors that can have activity at the level of a T-cell, it's an interesting scientific concept to be able to use OX40 and GITR agonism in concert with checkpoint blockade, such as PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitions, or with IDO1 inhibition, and so that's been an area of active research that we've had over the past year and we're excited to be able to share those data. In terms of the other question, on paired biopsies, this is an active effort of research in our Translational Sciences and Steven's Clinical Group. We now have trials ongoing that we call platform trials, where the PD-1 antagonist is dosed with JAK1 or with PI3 kinase Delta inhibition and similarly all-oral doublets on the backbone of JAK1 inhibition to study exactly what you alluded to which were paired biopsies where the on-treatment biopsy is really designed to tell us, how we may be affecting the quality and the quantity of the immune cell infiltrate. So, these are clinical studies and translational studies that are ongoing as we speak. Barry?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: So, Tony, I think you asked the average dose in MF and PV. So, for the entire brand, the average dose is 10 milligrams, the average bottles that we shipped is 10 milligrams. It's about 60% of the bottles shipped. That's mostly because of PV. MF patients on average, it's more than 10 milligrams b.i.d., but for the brand it's 10 milligrams b.i.d.
Tony Butler, Ph.D. - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning. Couple of big picture questions maybe for Herv. Could you characterize Bristol, AstraZeneca and Roche's current interest in moving forward with epacadostat? I think in the past you've said that Roche might be a little less interested than the others. And then I've noticed you've got a lot more going on in dermatology, both topical and systemic than you have in the past. Is Incyte ready to kind of commit to dermatology as a new focus indication of interest? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. No, I think as we said, I mean the sequence of available data is different for each of the partners. So, if you assume that the availability of data is raising their excitement about the potential of the combination, it's also coming with time and depending on when the data is available. So, I would not characterize any of the interest as being different. It's true that with Genentech Roche, we started a little bit later with (50:01) programs. So that's the only thing I would say related to that. But there is certainly a lot of interest as you know in the target and in  certainly also in working with us for some of these programs. Regarding dermatology, I must say there is no strategic great vision about moving Incyte into dermatology as we have said multiple time, we are  the products are leading us in different therapeutic areas. It's not really us trying to drive them into one place or another. It's just happened that obviously with the JAK inhibition, we have a number of indication in dermatology. So, Lilly programs will be done independently by Lilly and we are not involved more than the co-funding that we discussed and the ability to receive royalties or milestone. On the topical side, we have decided now, it was a little bit more than a year ago, to go through the program, the Phase 2 program to establish the right dose and find where it works, where it doesn't work. There are number of indication now where we are doing some level of Phase 2 studies, and obviously we will see after that where we go with that, there is no decision that has been made yet.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. I was wondering if you could just expand a little bit more on the opportunity for Jakafi in ET. So you'd be looking, it sounds like post-hydroxyurea, could you maybe quantify that patient population a little bit better and where you  just trying to understand the opportunity?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yes, hi, Liisa. It's Steven Stein. So, you're correct that the study is most likely to be in a post-hydroxyurea setting, and with the endpoints I discussed. What we do know at a very high level is that it's smaller than an MF and PV in terms of the opportunity. Beyond that, it's hard to say anything more at this stage to you in terms of its size.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then for capmatinib, can you please remind us of the economics that surround that for yourselves? I noticed that, that will be reporting out Phase 3 data this year.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yes. So, capmatinib is licensed to  Herv here, is licensed to Novartis. So it basically is a very traditional the kind of deed where there are milestones, which I don't think we have disclosed precisely and the royalties. And the royalties have been disclosed and they are 12% to 14% depending on the cumulative sets per year (53:08).
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with SunTrust. Please state your question. Mr. Lawson, your line is open.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Question for David or Barry, just around any timing issues or inventory burn or stocking we should think about for Jakafi for 1Q. And anything around, any color around the milestones for 2017 around the timing, if that's kind of back-half loaded?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Peter, Barry. Just try to understanding your question, so inventory in Q1, our inventory has been relatively consistent between 2.8 weeks and 3 weeks of inventory. I don't see any change in Q1 for inventory, but of course we do know that the gross to net is impacted by our ability for all-oral oncology drugs because of closing the donut hole, but inventory is not going to affect that.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Hi. It's Dave. I'll try to attempt to answer the question on the milestones. We announced today that obviously with the approval of baricitinib in Europe, we will get a $65 million milestone that will come through in Q1. And Lilly has stated on the U.S. approval, one should look to that in terms of the Q2 timeframe. So, it's safe to say that there will be at least a goodly amount of milestones in Q2, but Q1 there is just one so far, as a result of that plus it would be additional programs we talked about collaborations between Agenus, Merus and Calithera there will be a loss in Q1, because there won't be enough milestones to offset those one-time R&D costs. And after that in Q2, there'll be another substantial milestone and then some smaller ones that carry in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ren Benjamin with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the quarter. Maybe the first question, can you give us any color or an update to the PD-1 inhibitor program and how you're thinking about that going forward and what the profile is that you've assessed so far. And then the second question is just pertaining around baricitinib. Do you have any color regarding what the additional data that might've been submitted by Lilly to the FDA? And just kind of in a bigger picture sort of question, not focusing in on royalties per se, but thinking about your internal expectations for kind of the growth ramp and how you're viewing sales coming in for baricitinib?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi, Ren. It's Steven Stein. I'll address your first question and a little bit of your second, but Herv will take the backend piece. In terms of our PD-1 program in the INCSHR1210 compound, we are this quarter looking through the data we gathered through dose escalation, last year and completed and trying to understand the product's profile in terms of its PK et cetera. We'll point you towards the meeting we submit an abstract to and when we present it for any further detail on that. But we're in the midst of doing that exercise right now. In terms of the baricitinib negotiations with Food and Drug Administrations and what's going on, I'll just have to refer you to Lilly on that. But Lilly did say in their public remarks that they expect to get to a good point with the FDA sometime soon and I'll leave it at that.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Now, regarding the economics of baricitinib obviously for us, it's very important because  so there is a milestone, which we expect in fact and what we described today, we expect that to reach us this year. And then there are royalties in the 20% to 29% tranche that will be coming over the next 10-plus years. So, it's going to 2030 for the first patent expiration. So we look at it as a product that can become very significant for us over the years. We are very happy to see really moving into a number of new indications, where obviously and that's why we are also opting-in for these programs, because it will obviously grow the top line potential and therefore the royalty potential for this product over the years. In terms of calibration in each of these indications, frankly, we need to see the guidance from Lilly and I would not comment more than what they have said about the fact that it's a very promising and very important product for patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Maybe just, Herv, if you don't mind a quick follow-up.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yes.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: How do you guys think about the Pfizer drug already being out there, or a run rate established of about $1 billion and a quick second-to-market JAK inhibitor coming in? How are you guys thinking about that potential?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: So, the way we look at it is we look at the U.S. and that's what you're describing and then we look at the rest of the world and they are fairly different situations there. In fact the markets, if you think of it that way, for these type of products, are not very homogenous worldwide, so you have to take that into account. If you look at the profile of the product, what we think is that in the JAK1/JAK2 category, baricitinib is fairly unique, (59:21) different profile, including the JAK3. We also see in the U.S. that there is a (59:30) situation that is totally unique in the world and it has a huge impact on the way these patients are treated. So, all of that can lead to the right position for baricitinib. There will be fairly significant changes in this market over the next years with availability of different types of products on top of the existing ones. So I really think there is a huge opportunity. The clinical profile that came out of the Phase 3 studies was really better than expected from a lot of standpoint, and we are  I mean, I am personally very confident that there is lot of room to make it a big success.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: But don't think that the U.S. picture is the same everywhere in the world. In fact you see very different types of who is the market leader by country, and the potential (60:24) U.S. on top of the U.S. potential is certainly important or so for baricitinib.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have now reached our hour duration for this call. But we do have time for one more question. And that last question will come from Michael Schmidt with Leerink. Please state your question.
Michael Schmidt, Ph.D. - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning and thanks for squeezing me in. I guess one bigger picture question. You've been obviously very active in terms of augmenting your pipeline and discovery capabilities in the first quarter here with some VD and licensing (61:01) agreements. What role do you expect VD (61:05) to play going forward, in particular, if you think about building out operations in Asia? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay, Herv here. So, I think, our priorities are our own internal discovery programs. So that's something that is a core of what we do at Incyte. So we are not in a mode of sort of changing that in a way that would be dilutive in any way. And we have protected the team very much in a way we have the partnership we did, where in technologies that we are different. So that was Agenus and Merus antibodies that where we didn't have the internal capabilities. And what we plan is to continue to rely on our internal discovery capabilities and just complement them in the technologies, where we're not present. Concerning Asia, frankly, when I look back at 2016 and we can see a number of things that were very successful, including the approval of baricitinib just yesterday, which is the second product from Incyte being approved after ruxolitinib. So it tells you something about our discovery capabilities. But when I look back, there is one thing that has been also very successful is the expansion in Europe through the acquisition of the ARIAD team and it was done in a very economically reasonable way for us. So we would love to have a similar situation in Asia. We have not found it yet. So what we're doing now is starting the planning again in a careful way, where we would be establishing a team in Japan to start with, to take care of the pipeline, the late-stage pipeline and make sure that we are putting that on a ramp to approval in Japan. If there were an opportunity to do it through a small transaction, I will not be against it, but we have not found that yet.
Michael Schmidt, Ph.D. - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks and congrats on all the progress.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. Herv Hoppenot for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: No. Thank you. Thank you for the time today and for your question. As I said, I look back at 2016 in a way  with a lot of pride, because we spoke about the geography, I think that baricitinib moving forward is an important milestone now our company that has discovered two new products and that have been approved by health authorities and it would just be the fact that we for the first time crossed the revenue line of $1 billion, is also symbolically an important milestone. So we look forward to seeing some of you at upcoming investor and medical conferences. And for now, I would thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you, bye, bye and Happy Valentine's Day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp. Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp. Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp. David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp. Reid M. Huber, PhD - Incyte Corp.
Analysts: Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Simos Simeonidis - RBC Capital Markets LLC Evan Seigerman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. If you have not already done so, please close all other programs on your computer. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations for Incyte Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Diego. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investor section of incyte.com. Speaking on today's call will be Herv Hoppenot, our CEO, who will begin with some high level comments on our objectives and priorities here at Incyte. Herv will then pass to Barry Flannelly, who leads our U.S. organization and he will provide an update on Jakafi sales and prescription trends during Q3, as well as touch on Jakafi's recent inclusion in the NCCN Guidelines. Steven Stein, Incyte's Chief Medical Officer, will briefly review the updated ECHO-202 data of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab as presented at ESMO and provide some background on our decision to initiate a Phase 2 trial of our FGFR inhibitor 54828 for the treatment of patients with cholangiocarcinoma. Dave Gryska, our CFO, will summarize our third quarter financial results before opening up the call for Q&A, for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer. I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2016 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for some introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So, we have made excellent progress during the third quarter both on the top line as well as within our portfolio. But before we dig into the details, I'd like to begin our discussion today by taking a step back and talking briefly about what we are trying to build here at Incyte. Cancer is one of the biggest challenge facing our society today. It not only have a significant impact on the wellbeing of millions of cancer patients, as well as their loved ones, but it also has a substantial economic impact, both through loss productivity and the effect on the healthcare system. The need for more effective treatment is clear and advances are being made. As shown in the chart on the left side of slide six, since 2010, the number of new hematology and oncology approvals by the FDA has been on a upward trend. And the chart on the right illustrates how patient outcome in melanoma depicted as improvement in progression free survival have improved with different therapeutic regimens from chemotherapy through BRAF and MEK inhibitors to immuno-oncology doublets. Many of us felt a sense of excitement at the ESMO conference last month given the wealth of data presented and the number of innovative therapy being discussed. It also provided us with stronger evidence as the scientific community where Incyte is an active participant is in the process of transforming the treatment of cancer. Incyte is a company based on innovation and we strive to bring first or best-in-class therapies to patients in need. Our portfolio now contains 15 development candidates, across 11 different target and we employ around 1,000 people in the U.S. and across Europe. With total revenue in Q3 that grew 44% over the same period last year, we are in a position to reinvest our resources in multiple therapeutic opportunities. Sales of Jakafi continued to show robust growth as we approach the five-year anniversary of its initial U.S. approval. And combining Jakafi sales in the U.S., Iclusig sales in Europe and Jakafi royalties from Novartis provides us with dynamic revenue growth. We also have an additional potential source of revenue from baricitinib, being developed by our partner, Eli Lilly, which is currently under global regulatory review for the treatment of patient with rheumatoid arthritis. With our financial resources and dynamic top line growth, we can reinvest in the virtuous cycle of product development to bring additional innovative therapies to patients. We have a diverse portfolio of products and are building medical and commercial footprints in major markets around the globe. Having global development expertise in-house is already enabling us to develop our products more effectively, and we will also seek to use in-house commercial teams to successfully launch our products upon approval. I will now pass the call to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Sales of Jakafi continue to perform well. In the third quarter, net product revenue from Jakafi was $224 million, a 39% increase over the third quarter of 2015, and an 8% increase over the previous quarter. In view of this strong growth, we are increasing our 2016 Jakafi net product revenue guidance to a range of $850 million to $855 million from the previous range of $825 million to $835 million. We're pleased that nearly five years after its first approval, we now have approximately 9,000 patients currently being treated with Jakafi, and that number continues to grow. Growth comes from our physician education efforts, especially detailing on the long-term benefits that Jakafi treatment provides. The chart on the right side of slide 10 illustrates the strong year-on-year demand growth that we are experiencing with both at Jakafi's approved indications. In September, we announced that Jakafi has been included as a recommended treatment for appropriate patients with myelofibrosis in the latest NCCN Guidelines. Inclusion in the Guidelines will help inform healthcare providers, treatment decisions for patients with myelofibrosis. And we believe that inclusion in the NCCN Guidelines also underscores the important and long-term clinical benefits seen in patients treated with Jakafi. We are also looking forward to the ASH Conference in December, where a pooled analysis of the five-year overall survival data from both COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II studies of Jakafi in patients with myelofibrosis will be presented. I'd now like to pass the call on to Steven for a clinical update.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Barry. We've made good progress within our development portfolio since our last quarterly conference call. And today, I'd like to concentrate on the recent epacadostat data update at the recent European Society for Medical Oncology Meeting, and on our 54828, our FGFR inhibitor for which we've recently opened a second Phase 2 trial. Last month, updated Phase 1 data from the ECHO-202 trial of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in patients with advanced melanoma and select solid tumors were represented at the ESMO Annual Congress in Copenhagen. I'd like to start my brief overview of the data with patient safety data. Now, with 56 weeks median follow-up for responders, and that's much greater drug exposure than our last presentation at SITC in November 2015, the combination of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab continues to be well tolerated. There were no treatment-related deaths and the maximum tolerated dose of epacadostat has not been reached. 19% of patients in the trial experienced grade 3 or 4 treatment-related adverse events and five patients or 8%, experienced treatment-related adverse events that led to discontinuation. The next slide shows the waterfall and spider plots of the patients with treatment nave melanoma. The overall response rate in this population was 58% and the disease control rate was 74% by RECIST. For responders, the median follow-up was greater than 56 weeks with a range of 46 weeks to 90 weeks. Importantly, at this presentation, all responders remained in response at the time of the data cut. Slide 15 shows progression free survival. The median progression free survival has not been reached. The six-month progression free survival rate is 74% and the 12-month progression free survival rate is 57%. With all the necessary caveats across trial comparisons, we believe our data compared favorably to established benchmarks. Recall that progression free survival is one of the two dual primary endpoints in the ongoing ECHO-301 Phase 3 trial of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma. Let's move on to our FGFR development program on slide 16. We announced in our second quarter update that we were initiating a Phase 2 trial of 54828 in patients with bladder cancer. The study is now open for recruitment. In addition, we've also opened a Phase 2 study of 54828 in patients with cholangiocarcinoma, the type of biliary tract cancer. While treatment for this type of cancer can be curative if found early enough for surgical resection, most cases are diagnosed in the later stages where resection is not a possibility. Cholangiocarcinoma is rare with the incidence in the U.S. and Western Europe of around 1.6 cases per 100,000 population. The rates are significantly higher in Asia. In Japan for example, the incidence is 3.2 cases per 100,000 of population, while incidence in other Southeast Asian countries is higher still. Between 6% and 13% of all cholangiocarcinoma patients of FGFR2 translocations and an additional 5% of other FGF or FGFR alterations. We are not aware of differential genotypic rates by geography. The primary endpoints of the Phase 2 cholangiocarcinoma study will be overall response rate in patients with FGFR2 translocations. Secondary endpoints will include overall response rate in patients with other FGFR alterations. Slide 17 summarizes the whole portfolio, which now includes 15 development candidates against 11 different molecular targets. The portfolio graphic now includes 57643 which is our second BRD inhibitor and which is currently in a dose-escalation study. As we have done with many of our programs, we have elected to progress two distinct BRD inhibitors into development. These compounds allow us an opportunity to evaluate different pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles thereby increasing our optionality around decision-making in what is becoming an exciting therapeutic class. I'll finish on our news flow slide. There are multiple potential value drivers for Incyte over the next 12 months. We are finalizing our plans to initiate the pivotal program for ruxolitinib in graft-versus-host disease. And we also expect to provide you with proof-of-concept data from our JAK1 program in graft-versus-host disease at the American Society Hematology Conference in early December. We remain on track to initiate 39110 plus osimertinib study in lung cancer by the end of the year. And we also look forward to providing you with initial clinical data from the FGFR and BRD programs next year as the data become available. In immuno-oncology and beginning in the first half of next year, we look forward to sharing data from some of the Phase 2 cohorts of the ECHO trial of epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors. We also remain on track to initiate a proof-of-concept study by anti-OX40 agonist antibody, 1949, in the fourth quarter of 2016. Data from Incyte's Phase 2 trial of topical ruxolitinib for the treatment of patients with alopecia areata have been accepted for presentation at the 2016 Alopecia Areata Research Summit, which is taking place in New York City on November 14 and 15. Last but not least, we are looking forward to the first regulatory decisions on baricitinib. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financials.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Steven, and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, we recorded $269 million of total revenue. This was comprised of $224 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $13 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $29 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis and $3 million in contract revenue. Jakafi's net product revenue of $224 million represents 39% growth over the same period last year. Based on Jakafi's performance year-to-date, we are increasing our full year Jakafi net product revenue guidance to a range of $850 million to $855 million. Our gross to net adjustment for the third quarter was approximately 12%. We expect that gross to net adjustment for the full year to be approximately 12%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $20 million. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payment of royalties in Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales, and $5 million for the amortization of acquired product rights, related to the Iclusig product acquisition. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $143 million, including $16 million in non-cash stock compensation. Looking at projected R&D expense for the full year, we are updating our current guidance to a range of $570 million to $580 million. The reduction in projected R&D expense from the previous guidance for 2016 is in large part due to slower than forecasted head count growth and phasing of certain expenses from various programs and our development pipeline into next year. We'll provide a range of next year's R&D expense on our fourth quarter call in February. And given the breadth of opportunities in our current portfolio, we expect a substantial increase in R&D expense in 2017. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $76 million, including $10 million in non-cash stock compensation. We are on track to end the full year with our existing guidance in a range of $280 million to $310 million. We recorded $8 million in expense related to the change in fair market value of the contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability, and we expect the full year amount to be approximately $17 million. Turning now to net income and earnings per share of the third quarter. We reported $37 million in net income or $0.20 per share basic and $0.19 per share diluted. We now expect 2016 net income to be in a range of $100 million to $110 million. This range also reflects the quarter-to-date decline in the market value of a long-term investment. Looking at our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $717 million in cash and cash equivalents. We expect positive cash flow for remainder of the year and expect to end the year with over $750 million in cash and cash equivalents. As noted in our press release, Novartis achieved pricing approval for Jakafi and polycythemia vera in the third major European country in October, which triggered a $40 million milestone. We will record this $40 million milestone in the fourth quarter. To summarize, we are very pleased with Incyte's performance in the third quarter. Jakafi delivered strong revenue growth. We have fully integrated our new business unit in Europe. We grew our cash position and continue to make significant investments in our clinical development programs. Incyte is well positioned from a cash and operating income perspective to execute on our strategies for growth, which we are confident will deliver significant long-term shareholder value. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting our question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking my questions. Just given the milestones from Novartis (18:42) for the next three quarters and based business growth, it would appear that you will be EPS, got profitable, going forward. Is that a fair assumption? And then a second question on the bromodomain program, can you give us a little more clarity on the difference between 54392 (sic) [54329] (18:57) and the new molecule, will you be moving into different indications and when should we expect initial data from both? Thanks.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: So, Salveen, I'll answer the first question. Yes, we will be EPS positive for this year. As I mentioned, the range is between $100 million and $110 million. Obviously, we have not given guidance out for next year and we'll be doing that in our February conference call.
Reid M. Huber, PhD - Incyte Corp.: Yeah, Salveen, this is Reid. Thanks for the question on BRD. As we've done for many of our programs, we often will progress more than one molecule in the clinic, when it's appropriate to evaluate different pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles in Phase 1. Bromodomain inhibition is an exciting therapeutic opportunity. I think we're still at the early stages of that. And we think we're best positioned by evaluating both 54329 and the follow-on compound, 57643. It's really about evaluating different PK profiles and potentially different pharmacodynamic profiles and seeing how that may affect efficacy and safety. So, we look forward to seeing those data merge over the next few quarters, and certainly we'll share them with you as we're ready.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. Good morning, guys. Appreciate you taking the questions and nice quarter. So, two of them for you. I guess first of all, can you talk about the potential significance of the recent NCCN treatment guidelines for Jakafi and kind of how that might drive use, above and beyond how it's positioned in the market today? And do you know if there's a plan to publish guidance lines for PV as well? And then my follow-up question was just a clarification. I was wondering if you could just talk about what you mean in your press release, where you say enrollment was suspended in the Phase 1/2 trial for your PD-1. I guess the term suspended can mean a number of different things. Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: So, Cory, this is Barry. I'll answer the first couple of questions about the NCCN Guidelines. So, the easier one is they've indicated that they'll release some time in 2017 maybe over the next first six months of 2017 guidelines for polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia. The first question about whether  so we're just very positive about the NCCN, their approach to myelofibrosis and it reinforces our clinical data. We already have approval in patients who have intermediate 1 to high risk patients. And there's really very few patients in the low-risk category, maybe 10% of the patients there, recommendation was symptomatic patients that had low-risk. So, we think that represents a small patient population.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Cory, hi. It's Steven Stein. So, thanks for your question related to 1210. The ClinicalTrials.gov listing actually says active, not recruiting. As of October 21 this year, we notified investigators that enrollment of new subjects to the Phase 1 trial of 1210 had been placed on-hold in order to perform a thorough assessment of the compound's profile. I'm not going to be able today to give you any more details on this as we are in the midst of that review of that compound's profile.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink Partners. Please state your question.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I had two on Jakafi. A commercial question in terms of sequential growth, could you break out inventory versus price versus volume growth? And then, the second question is, as we're awaiting results from Gilead's momelotinib trials in MF later this quarter, can you give us a sense of how you think about your competitive position in MF, in particular, in patients that have anemia at baseline oral transfusion dependent, and how is Jakafi used in those patients for example? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: So, for your first question, Josh (sic) [Michael] (23:12) so all of the  so, there was no pricing in Q2 versus Q3. It was the same wholesale acquisition price and, in fact, there was very little inventory movement, one way or the other. So, the 8% growth quarter-over-quarter was almost entirely demand. Your second question related to momelotinib, we think the clinical profile of Jakafi stands up very well to any compound in the treatment of myelofibrosis, remember they're only going after an indication in myelofibrosis have no polycythemia vera indication. In terms of anemia, we'll see what their data reports out. But we know from further analysis of our COMFORT trials that patients that came in with anemia or experienced anemia while on Jakafi, in fact, it's still benefited from the drug and still had an improved survival advantage versus patients who did not receive Jakafi. So, we think it's a compelling clinical profile for the drug and we'll see what happens when they report out their data sometime in the future.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Schimmer with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. First, you had indicated a substantial increased in R&D next year, I wonder if there's any way to quantify that ahead of your guidance? As well, as you think about advancing epacadostat into additional Phase 3 solid tumors settings, when do you think you'll have adequate data to inform those decisions and what kind of bandwidth do you expect to have in the R&D budget to accommodate multiple simultaneous Phase 3 programs? Thanks.
David W. Gryska - Incyte Corp.: Okay, so I'll answer the first part of your question. In terms of the R&D for next year, we are not going to quantify, what substantial means, is rest assured that it will go up from where it is today because there's some phasing and some shifting from this year into next year, into the R&D and Herv is going to answer your second part of your question.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yes. I mean, the reason why we spoke about the increase on next year is because as you saw in Q3, there were a number of expenses that we were maybe planning to see happening during the next few months that have been moved into next year. So, we wanted to make sure everybody understood that, in fact, the intensity of the development program is not slowing down at all. We have multiple projects that are starting. And in the case of epacadostat as I have said, I mean we would be open to multiple Phase 3 studies when the data is available, and we have the resources to do that, and we would not slowdown in any way the program for epacadostat based on budget impacting. We are able now with the strength of our top line growth coming from multiple sources to sustain an effort for multiple Phase 3 over a period of years. So, that's really the picture we have. And the comment about next year was just to make sure that people understood that the way the Q3 R&D budget has been evolving is not something that you can trend for the next quarters. It will probably go through a rebound over the next few quarters.
Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Does that mean that you're not looking at this point to manage the business for bottom line growth, but more for R&D investment and capital allocation, or how do you think about or how do you see (26:50) bottom line?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: I mean that's what I was trying to say in my introduction. I think it's fundamentally important is that we are watching the cash flow very carefully. So, that's something that is truly important that we can finance our own investments in our own research by ourselves. And then we are looking at every opportunity to create value through product development. So, if we see Phase 3 opportunities that are reasonable, we would do them, even if it has an impact on the short-term profitability over the next few quarters, because it's absolutely clear to us that it's the best interest of all our investors. And we are in a phase in cancer discovery, in cancer development, where we can see that opportunities are available today and maybe, they will not be there tomorrow. So, we will be looking at a case-by-case on the quality of the assets that we have in our pipeline and when we see opportunity to develop them, we will do that.
Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Out next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please, state your question.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is regarding to the PD-1 enrollment suspension. Hypothetically, if you have to discontinue PD-1, I wonder what you could do with the GITR and OX40 program. Do you need to seek another PD-1 to combine with those IO assets? And then, secondly, I want to ask about a potential event (28:26) strategy for non-small cell lung cancer. We have seen that the PD-1 antibodies are quickly becoming a first-line therapy in non-small cell lung cancer and we know that from your Phase 1 data, epacadostat as IDO1 inhibitor does not have activity in experienced patients who have already had PD-1 treatment. So, in that case, how would you develop IDO1 inhibitor in non-small cell lung cancer? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Ying, hi. It's Steven Stein, thanks for your question. So, firstly, as regards, PD-1 1210, that is an enrollment hold on new patients as we perform an assessment of the compound's profile in totality. We have made no further decisions related to the compound. I take as your question was a hypothetical. But going forward, across programs, including GITR, OX40, et cetera, we will look at multiple potential partners in terms of PD-1s and PD-L1s. In terms of non-small cell lung cancer, you're right. It's a dynamic field that change rapidly. Certainly in the first-line setting, testing for a biomarker and levels of expression look to be important for PD-1 therapies and then the chemotherapy combinations as well. In terms of our own data in lung cancer that we're busy gathering at the moment across our collaborations, we will have patients and many patients who have not experienced any immunotherapy yet. So, we are positioned to be able to answer the question of whether or not we add to PD-1 activity in those settings. We're perfectly positioned to answer that question actually.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya with BMO Capital. Please state your question.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Just had a couple of questions. First one on Jakafi. I guess after having five years of the myelofibrosis market all to yourselves, just trying to get a better understanding of what the future growth opportunity is within that indication. And how we should think about momelotinib if the Phase 1/2 data is reflective of the drugs commercial profile? And then secondly on IDO, Steven, Reid, maybe you could just speak to how predictive melanoma data has been when considering success in solid tumors? I know you can't speak to your own data, but maybe just the IO field overall whether it's marketed drugs or other drugs in development that would just guide us to how to think about how other drugs' success in melanoma and whether there were specific tumor types that tended to respond similarly?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Hi. It's Barry. So, to answer your first question about Jakafi's growth, well, the way we look at it is that we really only penetrated myelofibrosis about one-third of the prevalent patient population. So, we think we have an upside there. In terms of, if momelotinib comes to market, there's a couple different scenarios. One is that they in fact have a second line indication after Jakafi, and we really don't think that this is going to have an impact on us. If they come to market in a frontline setting, where Jakafi is currently approved, in the way I think about it is that we have long-term data with long-term spleen response. We have improved symptoms, and we have an overall survival advantage, and we don't cause neurotoxicity. So, I think our competitive profile again will match up very well with Jakafi. And we continue to see not only are we adding more patients every single quarter, just like we did this quarter in myelofibrosis, but in fact, those patients continue to benefit for a long time on Jakafi.
Reid M. Huber, PhD - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Ian, this is Reid. I'll take your second question. I think as a field we've come to appreciate that melanoma is a very attractive proving ground to test immune-based therapies. And that's true across all classes. It is a more inflamed tumor type. So, there's an active component of T-cell that certainly has a high mutational burden, and all those things lend itself to being perhaps a lower bar, if you will, for immune-based therapies. Exactly how that predicts response across other tumor types or whether it does, is probably a class-specific question. It certainly has shed new light I think from the field to understand which other tumor types may also harbor some of those characteristics of an inflamed phenotype, and we can think about tumor types like bladder, lung, head and neck, renal cell, all in a new light because of the groundbreaking work that's happened in melanoma. As we look at the emerging IDO data, certainly, the signals that we reported at ESMO that formed the basis of our Phase 3 ECHO-301 program are important, I think, to having a de-risking of the (33:42) melanoma. How or whether that translates to other tumor types is all going to be dependent on the data that we're generating, but it, I would say, increases our confidence, doesn't decrease our confidence certainly. And coupled with the safety profile, if we think about the emerging doublet landscape and some of these other tumor types, unattractive safety profile is going to be more, not less important as these therapies move into early line and frontline settings. So, I think we're encouraged based on those data. We're excited by the program, but we still have to generate the data to speak precisely to what the opportunity may be outside of melanoma.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simos Simeonidis with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Simos Simeonidis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just to clarify in terms of news flow, what we can expect for epacadostat announcements. You mentioned that we're going to see additional proof-of-concept data sometime first half of next year. But is it still the case that we may see an announcement or announcements about your plans of which tumor types you may go into Phase 3 earlier than that? And secondly, could it be the case where you can have multiple announcements, so for example, you can say, we're going to go into lung and then a month later, you say we're going to go into this other tumor type or will it all be one announcement for your Phase 3 plan?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Herv here. Let me try to take that. I mean we have tried to describe it in the past and we are precisely where  the way we describe it which is, obviously, is the disclosure of the data in conferences is not entirely under our control, because the date of these conferences are set with large intervals in between. If we are at the point of making a decision or making a decision to go to Phase 3, we think it's an event that should be disclosed. So, we would, at this time, announce it as we have done, I think, if I remember well in the case of the melanoma study. And that's really what's driving the process. I don't think we would be in a position where all the data from all the Phase 2 are going to be available at the same time. In fact, we are just starting some new indication in some of this combination. So, you cannot expect that all of these studies are going to close at one point and then, booms the whole set of data will be available. I think it will be more in batches as we are progressing through the first half of next year and that's  I think, that's really the situation we are facing here.
Simos Simeonidis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Perfect. And, finally, has there been any impact in your Phase 2 trials by the durvalumab partial hold?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Hi. It's Steven Stein. So, in terms of head and neck cancer and what's happened there, it's something we were aware of. We obviously have a clinical collaboration with AstraZeneca. The impact on the protocols will involve wording changes for people to exercise appropriate caution for things like, for example, if the tumor is close to a major vessel, in addition, if there's an underlying bleeding disorder. But in terms of our actual protocols and program, that continues unabated. It's just learnings from their experience, and an avoidance to try and have that toxicity not happen on our program.
Simos Simeonidis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please state your question.
Evan Seigerman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, all. This is Evan Seigerman on for Geoff. Thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up on kind of the IDO timelines in lung. So, I believe last week Merck mentioned that it would be in a position to make kind of the go/no-go decision on Phase 3 by mid-2017. Is this still in line with your assumptions? And how often and how much do you look up the data on an ongoing basis to help you make this choice? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. As we said  I would take that one again. As we said, the ability to make a decision is not just based on the response rate data. It's based on situational response. It's based on the biomarker, specifically in lung cancer where, as you know, things have changed a little bit over the past few months with new emerging data from PD-1 as the single agent. So, I think Merck comment about mid-2017, we speak about the first half of 2017, so that's probably very much of overlapping from that standpoint. We don't know exactly when it would be because, as I said, I mean this is a data that is emerging. The database that will be sort of populated to make the decision with the full analysis is not yet populated, so we don't have access to that data with a full set of biomarker, situational response and response rate yet. And when we have it, is really where we would be able to move to the next step.
Evan Seigerman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning. Another question on epacadostat, I guess, for Herv. From the time you would make a go decision on a pivotal study, how long would it take to actually start such a trial? And would that change if you were doing it with or without a partner? I ask because, I think, it took a good six months to nine months in melanoma, and I'm wondering if you could shorten that timeline.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. I think the decision to work with a partner or not is really something that we are looking at this in a natural way that we tend to like to work with a partner. It has a small financial impact on the cost of the study, but it's also a way to learn and benefit from their own scientific understanding of their own products. So there  it's not just a financial benefit of working with a partner. There is a little bit of a shared scientific information. If for any reason, a partner would rather not be part of the study, which could happen for budget reason or for any other sort of external reason, we are always open to do the study by ourselves. In terms of the timing, I think, last time the announcement was made at the point where we were in the planning stage, so maybe it took a little bit of time to go through the entire planning, protocol writing then, execution. In general, what we plan to see the window between the decision to do a Phase 3 and the first patient in the Phase 3 to be less than six months, I mean that would be an industry standard.
Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi there. I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about R&D. I know you've increased how much you're (41:16), just curious where you're spending, where you hadn't accounted before where you're placing more dollars. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: On the component of the R&D spending, I mean, we are a company that is fully integrated. So, we have a relatively large team working in chemistry and biology and doing discovery every day. So, that's a piece of it. I don't know if we have given details on the split between the different cost structure, but you can imagine that that part is mostly internally cost. So, they are basically head count that are working on our projects. And then on the D side, the development side, Steven Stein's group, we have a mix of internal cost, so we have a team of people that has been increased fairly substantially over the past three years. And we have obviously number of cost that are study related. So, they are directly attached to the number of patients that we are accruing in our studies. So, that's sort of the way it works. So, what it gives us is some flexibility understanding depending on the cycle of studies. So, as we discussed earlier, if we were initiating a number of Phase 3 studies, we could do it, we have the infrastructure to do it and that would increase the external cost attached to this Phase 3 study. And if we have less concomitant studies ongoing at some point in time, then the external cost can go down. And we have created in our system the flexibility to do that. The growth of our current R&D budget is mostly driven by the external cost related to the study, as we have now built a team that is of a good size to be able to manage this project. So, I guess that's what I can say about the components of the R&D budget.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Great. And then, just kind of the two programs that don't get as much attention, that's GVHD and alopecia. Can you just remind us of the dosing and sort of briefly what are you looking for in the data to show that there's a strong signal? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi. It's Steven Stein answering your question. On graft-versus-host disease there are a few entities there. There's acute graft-versus-host disease and chronic graft-versus-host disease, and then there's steroid-refractory components and then there's a first-line entity in acute that's not yet steroid-refractory. So, you just have to be careful about the entities you're talking about, and the clinical manifestations in each of those can be different. And because of acuity of disease and needing to control it early that can also mean slightly different things. We have not yet disclosed the dosing we're using in any of these programs yet. But when the study starts and go up on ClinicalTrials.gov, you know more information will be available. But they're not  they're in keeping of what we know about ruxolitinib's profile and what it can do. For alopecia areata, just to remind you, that's a topical ruxolitinib formulation, a cream and would need going forward potentially more dose range and work to work out exactly the dose to deliver there.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. And then, just a final question. Any insights you can give us on baricitinib, obviously it's a large market opportunity and I think the ranges out there are pretty broad. Has Lilly kind of provided any kind of guidance on how they're thinking about competing in that market? Is there going to be a price to take share strategy or more of a premium pricing, how should we think about where it falls into the regimens available? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thanks. Herv here. Thanks for the question. It's difficult to answer because our partner Lilly is really driving a lot of the strategy for the launch and they have not been communicating, obviously, all the details of their strategy. So, it will not be appropriate for me to speak about it. What we see that the profile of baricitinib from the multiple Phase 3 studies that have been performed is certainly very good when compared to the TNS, so that's certainly something that will be core to the strategy of the product because as far as the medical profile is driving a lot of the decision that will be made there. We know the review process is ongoing and the target date that has been discussed is early next year. So, that's really what we can say on baricitinib.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong quarter. On 2016 Jakafi growth, wonder if you can talk about the drivers for fourth quarter growth. I think based on the midpoint of your guidance, it looks like you're expecting both absolute and percentage quarter-over-quarter increase to be less in fourth quarter versus third quarter, as compared to third quarter versus second quarter, just by a price increase that you took at the end of the third quarter. It sounds like there weren't any onetime factors that contributed to third quarter growth. So, I'm just wondering if you are expecting maybe lesser pricing pull through, perhaps, a slight waning of demand growth or maybe you're just being conservative. And then separately on the development side, where do you foresee epacadostat potentially fitting in relative to checkpoint plus chemo combos, and just wondering if you could potentially move into  straight into any Phase 3s on top of chemo and a PD-1, if you wanted to go that route, or would you need additional Phase 2 work before you took that step? Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Brian. This is Barry. I'll answer the first question. We think it's prudent. Our guidance going forward $850 million represents a 5% quarter-over-quarter growth and goes up to 7% quarter-over-quarter growth at $855 million. So, we think that's good. Mostly, the fourth quarter is one of those quarters that you don't know exactly what's going to happen. Lots of vacation days and time off for healthcare professionals and for our staff in November and December. And historically, Jakafi has had very good fourth quarters and some soft fourth quarters. So, that's why we're putting guidance out like that. But we still have lots of enthusiasm for continued growth in both MS and PD.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Ron, hi. It's Steven Stein. Related to the chemotherapy question both in combination with checkpoint inhibitors, there are at least two questions that we will answer in our clinical program going forward. One is does a PD-1 or PD-L1 plus IDO perform similarly or better to a PD-1 or PD-L1 combo plus chemo. And then the other one we're very interested in answering and will begin clinical work shortly is adding IDO to a chemotherapy combination in multiple different histologies and multiple different chemotherapy combinations. There's a lot of good signs there around what chemotherapy can potentially do in terms of neoantigen release, et cetera. But that latter question, we still need more clinical work to answer to get to meet your question. In terms of the tolerability profile, that's something else which we'll, obviously, carefully examine because the PD-1 plus IDO combo, as you know, and we've just presented updated data at ESMO, very well tolerated and then a different tolerance for a chemotherapy combination. So to be continued and to be answered over the ensuing year.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Reni Benjamin with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions, and congratulations on a great quarter. Maybe just going back to epacadostat, can you give us a sense as to what studies we might see first? And is it as easy as kind of going back and looking at when these studies had started or are there other different enrollment challenges that are taking place with a variety of studies? The other question is again related to the PD-1 inhibitor. Steve, did enrollment complete, and now you're assessing the efficacy of the drug or was there some sort of signal that forced you to stop mid-enrollment? And, I guess, just a high level question for Herv. Just given the current climate regarding price increases, can you maybe talk a little bit about how you are planning to or handling this going forward? And are there any rumblings from pairs, or does that really just happen once there is a competitor on the market? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Ren, hi. It's Steven Stein. I'll take your first two questions, then hand it over to Herv. The first one I'm not going to answer satisfactory for you because it depends on histology and when they come in, in terms of the data set. We will and we've said repeatedly across our collaborations, we're studying more than a dozen tumors. We will enroll north of 600 patients this year and have very healthy cohorts for each of those to analyze. Some areas are more competitive than others. These are known areas like lung cancer can be more competitive than other histologies. But I'm not going to comment as to what datasets will come in first before others. And as Herv said earlier, we'll present them appropriately. In terms of your question related our PD-1 1210 inhibitor, the dose escalation phase is completed, and we have information to make decisions on what to go forward in terms of dose expansion, and that's what we're looking at the totality of the profile at the moment. I'll hand it to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. No, the question about the climate and price, I think again I mean back to what I said at the beginning of the call, I think, our view is that innovation is what creates value. It creates value for society, it creates value for patients obviously first by where we can help, and you see that now. You see a number of tumor type where basically at diagnosis just a few years ago people were looking at palliative way to treat these patients and where now there are optionalities to potentially have some curative of very long-term responses, and that's really what's driving most  all of our efforts in bringing this new drugs to market. What it does to society is an incredible amount of savings on the cost of treating cancer. And that's really where the economics work really, really well, is that today most of the cost of treating cancer, 80% of it in the U.S. and around the same number in Europe are not coming from medicines. They're coming from the rest of the cost in surgery and palliative care, in radiation therapy, et cetera, et cetera. So, the model we are pursuing is the model that would be, over time, obviously building for us an important source of new revenues through innovative products and at the same time, being able to make it in such a way where the healthcare system will benefit from this innovation. And we see that. I mean, I know there is a lot of noise about the way people look at some of the cost issues, but the reality is that we see already that when products are truly effective, they are in fact cost savings for the healthcare system. In the case of Jakafi and myelofibrosis, it's a situation where we are in a position where the coverage in the U.S. is very broad, and we don't see a lot of hurdles there. And obviously, it's based on what Barry was describing where the symptomatic benefit and now the survival benefit is what established for this product.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please state your question.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just I guess a question for Barry or Steven, just around the ASH data, what could we see  it looks like what Jakafi five-year data GVHD, any color around that data?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Peter. It's Steven Stein. So, as you know, the American Society of Hematology abstract is published in the next 24 hours, 48 hours and are embargoed until then. So, I can't give you color around the data other than to point to you what we said in the actual presentation, which is the pooled analysis of COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II overall survival data in myelofibrosis will be presented as part of our numerous presentations at ASH. And then additionally, 39110, our selective JAK1 inhibitor proof-of-concept study in graft-versus-host disease will also be presented there. So, as soon as the abstracts are live, you can look at the data set, and then the actual presentations. Can't provide more color at this point.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got you. And then, just on the earlier IO pipeline, GITR and OX40, when can we see data in those molecules?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: It's Steven again. The GITR only dosed the second half of this year and OX40 is about to dose. So, we will be conducting those studies as efficiently as possible, but you are looking a year plus ahead to see data related to the Phase 1 experience for those compounds. Thanks.
Operator: Our next questions comes from Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats on the quarter. And it's probably for Barry, as it relates for Jakafi, with the broader guidelines, is it a matter of like finding the patients or just educating the doctors who are reviewing the charts around that opportunity?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Sure. So, for myelofibrosis, it is sometimes difficult. Myelofibrosis patients obviously are seen by hematologist/oncologist in the community and they may not see them as frequently as they do some metastatic lung cancer patients for example. So, to recognize that these patients  that patient that they might call low risk, let's say, but are actually high risk and they need to be treated right away, sometimes that's very difficult for them to assess. So, our educational efforts  some of our educational efforts are focused on that to make sure that physicians who are treating patients with myelofibrosis are appropriately assessing the risk that these patients are under and the NCCN Guidelines reinforce that.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then just on the momelotinib and looking at your longer term data in COMFORT, do you think that like the long-term data is something that is important to doctors admitting that let's say, a bulk case (57:20) scenario comes out from momelotinib where the data looks like it supports first-line therapy. Do you think that like having that longer term data is something that's very important and relevant in momelotinib would have to be held to the same standard?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Yes. Exactly. That's why I keep on saying our clinical profile matches up very well. We have long-term spleen response data, long-term safety data. We improved symptoms to a great degree for these patients. And in fact, we have a 30% reduction in the risk of debt. And there is no endpoint in the momelotinib studies either SIMPLIFY-1 or SIMPLIFY-2 for overall survival. So, we think we're in good shape.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink Partners. Please state your question.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I had a couple additional questions. One on duration of therapy in MF, in clinical practice. Has that been similar to what's been seen in long-term follow-up of the COMFORT trials?
Barry P. Flannelly - Incyte Corp.: Well, so for myelofibrosis in the COMFORT trials, what you're talking about is that 50% of patients stayed on for three years. So, while in the everyday setting, not in the clinical trial setting, it's less than that, but it's hard to predict. Patients stay on therapy for a long time, we have some percentage of patients who stay on therapy for a very long time and benefit greatly from it. So, we've never really talked about the true persistency, but it's more than 12 months.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks. And then, one on the FGFR inhibitor, the question there is what are the Phase 2 studies that you have initiated there, whether those could be registration-enabling?
Steven H. Stein - Incyte Corp.: Michael, hi. It's Steven Stein responding. So, there are robust large Phase 2 studies of approximately 100 patients each. They'll capture response rates along with duration of response. There are multiple precedence, both in the United States and in Europe for approvals, with good high response rates that are durable. And the U.S. would be under accelerated approval conditions, in Europe, under conditional approval conditions, for which you would then have to do confirmatory studies. So, it'll be a review issue based on the efficacy data we see, but there is potential.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And one on capmatinib, the MET-inhibitor with Novartis, where it looks like they're expecting filing in 2018. I was wondering whether it's known, which specific indication that could be in? Is that a monotherapy approach in MET-selected lung cancer patients or potentially a combination with EGFR inhibitors? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Herv here. I think our understanding that it would be in lung cancer, that's what Novartis has said, yes.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Any more color on the royalties and potential milestones from that program?
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: I think what we have said on the royalties is that they would be in the teens  low teens. So, 12% to 14%. And there is a milestone attached to different events like approval, et cetera, that we have not disclosed yet.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Perfect. Thank you, and congrats again on the quarter.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the floor back over to Mr. Herv Hoppenot for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your time today and for your questions. We look forward to seeing some of you at the ASH Conference next month. But for now, we thank you, again, for your participation in the call today. Thank you and good-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's call. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager US Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Reid M. Huber, PhD - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer
Analysts: Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Simos Simeonidis - RBC Capital Markets LLC Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Booth, VP of Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available for download on the Investor section of incyte.com. Speaking on today's call will be Herv Hoppenot, our CEO, who will begin with a quick strategic overview; Barry Flannelly, who leads our U.S. organization, will provide some detail on Jakafi sales during Q2, as well as reviewing the recent clinical data presented at ASCO and DHA; Steven Stein, Incyte's Chief Medical Officer, will give an update on our clinical portfolio, as well as our upcoming news flow for 2016; and Dave Gryska, our CFO, will summarize our second quarter financial results, as well as the accounting treatment of the recent ARIAD transaction in Europe. We'll then open up the call for Q&A, for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer. We'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2016 guidance, the commercialization of our products, and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for some introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So Incyte is in an excellent position as we enter the second half of the year. So Barry, Steven, and Dave will each provide greater detail on our financial and clinical progress. But first, I would like to spend a minute talking about Incyte from a bigger picture perspective. We have a plan in place for the growth of our company, and we are executing on that plan quarter by quarter. We are building some important at (2:18) Incyte. And let me summarize our recent progress. Sales of Jakafi continue to grow rapidly, driven by increased awareness of the benefits of Jakafi in both its MF and PV indication. Our partner, Novartis, has also seen significant growth of Jakafi in ex-U.S. sales, resulting in royalties to Incyte that are up almost 50% over the same period last year. With more than a decade of expected patent protection for ruxolitinib in front of us, I believe we are in very good shape with this existing franchise. Our dynamic top-line revenue growth may be further enhanced next year from baricitinib royalties, should it be approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. So first regulatory decision for baricitinib is expected in the first quarter of 2017. And if approved, we believe that it will compete well in the rheumatoid arthritis market, which has been estimated to be worth a total of $21 billion last year. The ARIAD transaction closed in June as planned. And our European team is now fully operational, supporting and growing the Iclusig brand. Furthermore, the team in Europe is already participating in the development of our clinical portfolio, further validating our decision to accelerate our European expansion. On the clinical side we have achieved several very important milestone in recent months. Firstly, we initiated the first Phase 3 trial in our development program for epacadostat, so ECHO-301 study is now recruiting patients and is validating epacadostat plus pembro as a first-line treatment for patient with advanced or metastatic melanoma. So second significant milestone was the achievement of breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA for ruxolitinib in acute GVHD. They are counting (4:10) new approved treatment for this patient population. And we are preparing to initiate the pivotal program for ruxolitinib. I'm confident that our decision to pursue JAK inhibition as a treatment for GVHD has the potential to improve the treatment for  of this certain deadly disease and provide further growth opportunity for our JAK franchise. We have also made progress within our earlier stage portfolio. This morning we announced bladder cancer as a first indication for our FGFR program. And in June we added a new clinical program with the initiation of the first trial of our anti-GITR agonist. The large medical drug discovery alliance we signed with Agenus last year has already generated one clinical program. And we anticipate initiating the second clinical program targeting OX40 later this year. So the first half of 2016 has been a success for Incyte. And whether looking at the company from a top line perspective at our portfolio or at our expanded capabilities, it is clear that we are making significant progress on our journey towards becoming a world-class biopharmaceutical organization. With that overview, I'd like to turn the call over to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager US: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. We continue to see strong growth in Jakafi sales. Net product revenue for the second quarter was $208 million, an increase of 46% over the same period last year and a 14% increase over the first quarter of 2016. Year-to-date, net Jakafi revenue has been tracking towards the upper end of our previous guidance. And given the strength of the clinical data underlying Jakafi and the strong performance year-to-date, we are therefore increasing Jakafi net product revenue guidance for 2016 from the previous range of $815 million to $830 million to a new range of $825 million to $835 million. The commercial success of Jakafi is built on a foundation of excellent clinical data as exemplified on Slide 8 by the 5-year analysis of overall survival from the COMFORT-I study in myelofibrosis. These were presented at ASCO and EHA in June of this year and support the effectiveness of Jakafi as a long-term treatment for the patients with myelofibrosis. Specifically, the data showed durable reductions in spleen volume and significantly longer overall survival in patients originally randomized to ruxolitinib, compared to those originally randomized to placebo. The Kaplan-Meier chart on the right of Slide 8 is not adjusted for crossover and still shows a greater than 30% reduction in the risk of death for patients who receive ruxolitinib versus patients who receive placebo. This suggests that these patients may benefit from earlier treatment with Jakafi. RESPONSE-2 is the second successful Phase III trial for Jakafi as a treatment for patients with uncontrolled polycythemia vera. The data on the right side of Slide 9 were presented at EHA in June and showed that Jakafi was superior to best available therapy in PV patients without enlarged spleens. Patients on Jakafi had better hematocrit control without the use of phlebotomy and experienced more relief from their PD-related symptoms than those on best available therapy. I'll finish by saying that Q2 sales have given us excellent momentum. And recent clinical data serve to further reinforce the benefit that Jakafi provides to patients with MF and PV. I'll now pass the call along to Steven for a clinical update.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Barry. There has been a lot of progress in the clinical portfolio since our last call. And I'll go through the highlights in the next few slides, starting with epacadostat. Slide 11 summarizes the key trials of epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors. In June we were pleased to announce that the first patient was dosed in the ECHO-301 Phase III trial of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab for the first line treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma. Updated data from the Phase I portion of ECHO-202, the combination of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in a variety of tumor types, has been accepted for presentation at the European Society of Medical Oncology in October of this year. As a reminder, Phase I data from ECHO-202 was first presented at SITC in late 2015. And the ESMO data this year will provide a further analysis of this data set with significantly longer follow up. Recruitment continues across the ECHO program. And we are on track to meet our year-end recruitment call of over 600 patients into the Phase I and Phase II trials of epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors. As we have previously stated, data emerging from these trials will inform our decisions on next steps. Slide 12 details our current plans for the development of JAK inhibitors for the treatment of graft versus host disease. Receiving breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA recognizes the severe nature of this disease, the clear unmet medical need of these patients, and the potential based on clinical evidence to date for ruxolitinib to address the urgent needs of patients with this life threatening condition. We are pleased with ongoing regulatory discussions. And we are working towards the initiation of the pivotal program for ruxolitinib in graft versus host disease. The program of trials is expected to focus on the acute and chronic steroid refractory populations. The first study in the pivotal program is expected to be a single arm trial of ruxolitinib plus corticosteroids for the treatment of steroid refractory acute graft versus host disease. Additional studies of ruxolitinib, including randomized Phase III trials in both the acute and chronic graft versus host disease settings, are also in preparation. The proof-of-concept trial of our JAK1 selective inhibitor, 39110, in patients with acute graft versus host disease is now fully enrolled. And we expect to have initial results from this trial before the end of 2016. Moving now to Slide 13. Today, we declared the first indication with our FGFR program. This will be for the treatment of patients with bladder cancer, harboring FGFR pathway alterations. The unmet need here is substantial. And the trial is expected to be initiated in the next several months. The data generated within our FGFR program to date is summarized in the upper left of Slide 13 and has provided us with a go forward dose in bladder cancer. We look forward to sharing those data with you at an appropriate medical meeting. The last program I'd like to highlight is our anti-GITR agonist, 1876. We dosed the first patient in the clinical program in June, and the monotherapy dose escalation trial is currently enrolling in a 3+3 design. This will be followed by dose expansion in several tumor types. The future development of 1876 is expected to focus on combination regimens. And the chart on the right side of Slide 14 illustrate the compound's potential for synergy with PD-1 inhibitors. Slide 15 summarizes the whole portfolio, which includes 14 compounds in development against 11 different molecular targets. Driven by innovative signs in multiple indications, our portfolio includes numerous opportunities, both as single agents and in combination. As I've outlined, we are making excellent progress on many fronts. And I look forward to sharing our future progress with you. I'll finish on the news flow slide. And there are multiple potential value drivers for Incyte over the next 12 months. As mentioned, we are preparing to initiate the pivotal program for ruxolitinib in graft versus host disease. And we'll seek to provide you with proof-of-concept data from our JAK1 program in GVHD later this year. We also plan to initiate the 39110 plus osimertinib study in lung cancer. We expect to initiate the 54828 FGFR bladder cancer study later this year. And we'll also provide you with initial clinical data from the FGFR and BRD programs at suitable medical conferences. In immuno-oncology the updated data from the Phase I portion of ECHO-202, studying epacadostat plus pembrolizumab, has been accepted at ESMO in October of this year. And we'll be initiating a proof of concept study for our anti-OX40 agonist antibody, 1949, in the second half of 2016. Outside of oncology within the next 12 months, we should be in a position to present data from the ongoing study of topical ruxolitinib in alopecia areata. And very importantly, we're anticipating global regulatory approval decisions for baricitinib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis early in 2017. With that I'll pass the call to Dave for the financials.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was another strong quarter for Incyte. Jakafi continued to deliver strong growth. And we are pleased with the performance of Iclusig in June. We recorded $246 million of second quarter revenue. This was comprised of $208 million in Jakafi net product revenue, $4 million in Iclusig net product revenue, $26 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis, and $8 million in contract revenue, including a milestone paid to us by Novartis related to ruxolitinib GVHD collaboration agreement. Jakafi's net product revenue of $208 million represents 46% growth over the same period last year. Based on Jakafi's performance, we are increasing our full year Jakafi net product revenue guidance to a range of $825 million to $835 million. Our gross to net adjustment for second quarter was approximately 11%. And we expect that the gross net adjustment for the full year to be approximately 12%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $12 million. This includes the cost of goods sold for Jakafi and Iclusig, the payment of royalties to Novartis on U.S. Jakafi net sales, and $2 million for the amortization of acquired product rights relating to Iclusig product acquisition. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $120 million, including $14 million in non-cash stock compensation. Looking at projected R&D expense for the full year, we are updating our current guidance to a range of $620 million to $630 million. The reduction in projected R&D expense from the previous guidance is in large part due to slower than forecasted head count growth and lower than expected development expense for the JAK clinical programs. In the first half of 2016 we recorded $277 million of R&D expense. And therefore, we expect to see a significant increase in R&D expense in the second half of the year. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $67 million, including $8 million in non-cash stock compensation. We are on track to end the full year within our existing guidance range of $285 million to $310 million. We have added a new expense line to our income statement, which relates to the change in the fair market value of the contingent consideration for the Iclusig royalty liability. We recorded $2 million in expense for this line item in the second quarter, which consisted of the month of June. Turning now to net income and earnings per share for the second quarter. We reported $34 million in net income or $0.18 per share basic and diluted. We now expect 2016 net income to be in the range of $30 million to $40 million, which is an increase from our previous net income guidance. Looking at our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $629 million in cash and cash equivalents. During the second quarter our cash decreased, mainly due to the $140 million payment for the acquisition of the ARIAD business unit, which closed on June 1. We expect positive cash flow from operations the remainder of the year and expect to end the year with over $650 million in cash and cash equivalents. Now turning to the accounting for the ARIAD acquisition. We have approximately $269 million of intangible assets on the balance sheet related to the product rights for Iclusig. The amortization of these product rights is estimated to be approximately $11 million for the next 6 months and will be included in the cost of product revenues. We'll amortize these product rights through 2028. The goodwill on the balance sheet as of June 30 of approximately $156 million relates to the ARIAD acquisition. We have also recorded $294 million in contingent consideration, which represents the current fair value of the royalties that we expect to pay on future net sales of Iclusig in Europe. Each quarter we'll record a change in the fair value of the contingent consideration as an operating expense. We expect the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration to be approximately $15 million for next 6 months. To summarize, Q2 was a very strong quarter. Jakafi delivered strong revenue growth. We successfully closed the acquisition of the ARIAD business unit, adding Iclusig European revenue to our portfolio. And we expect to generate positive cash flow for the remainder of the year, while continuing to make significant advancements in our clinical development programs. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open up the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking my questions. I'm just wondering what your updated thoughts may be on presentations from the IDO in PD-L1 and PD-1 combinations and what it takes to make go forward decisions? I do know we will see the mark cohort at ESMO. And just any chance we could see data from the other three cohorts in Q4? Is that more of a 2017 event? And then just a second question here. With the failure of the Bristol study in first-line lung, how does that impact your thinking on IDO? And any thoughts of adding IDO to I-O/I-O combinations? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Salveen, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. The ECHO program itself, as I've stated, is progressing very well. We'll enroll over 600 patients this year alone. The 2015 presentations at SITC and SMR on the Phase I ECHO-202 program, obviously we now have a lot of additional scan data. This has reinforced our confidence in the activity of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in melanoma and our decision to initiate that Phase III program. As I also said, the whole study will be presented as a poster discussion at ESMO on Monday, October 10, the abstracts for which will go live on September 28. And I'll refer you to that to get that update. Obviously the entire Phase II program is a lot larger, consisting of ECHO-202, -203 and -204, which is 12 tumor types. We look at at least three aspects, obviously response rate and our time to event data. How long people are on in response in terms of progression free survival. And then the third component is the biomarker data, which is critical. So that will all combine to help us to make more informed decisions in terms of triggering further Phase IIIs. The first line data that you asked me to comment. And the reason I brought up the biomarker piece at the end is I think it speaks to the importance of using all three components to make decisions, response rate, time to event, and biomarker data. Obviously the BMS data set used a lower cutoff than Merck had used in their program. And that's something we will look closely going forward at our own data set to help us make informed decisions. As to when data will be available, we remain  through the end of this year and early next year, we'll look at these programs and find appropriate medical medians to present to that. And that's all I can tell you about at the moment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Maybe if I could just ask Salveen's question a little bit differently. I think in the past you had expected to have go/no-go decisions on epacadostat plus PD-1 inhibitors by year end. If you're kind of not able to hit that milestone  or maybe you still are. I don't know. But what would you say to the skeptics who say that the inability to make a decision is sort of an indictment of the program? And that you're not seeing much in terms of activity or a clear path forward?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Eric, it's Steven again. And again thank you for your question. Again it's the three components that we need to make decisions, and I'll be repetitive. Response, the time that the end response, progression free survival, and the biomarker piece. We are gathering across the program all three pieces of information. Again enrollment has been as expected or better with more than 600 patients enrolled. And then there are two components. There's the sit down, we look at, and make decisions. And then when to present it at an appropriate medical median and to find that median. So I don't think it's  we're still extremely confident in the program and the opportunity. And it doesn't speak to any lack of confidence at all. It's just finding the appropriate venues. The data is coming in as expected. And again through the end of this year and early next year, we will be able to share that in appropriate venues.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Not to beat a dead horse here on epacadostat, but when you look at data in other combo studies, is there a specific number of cycles that you're looking for to be the trigger for next steps? Or I guess scientifically what's the thought on the onset of action from what you've seen so far when you combine epacadostat with PD-1? Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Geoff, it's Steven again, and Reid may make additive comments on your second part of your question on the scientific aspects. I think you allude to  one thing we did learn last year around the SITC/SMR experience is to have a little more mature data sets beyond first scan information. Generalizing across a program, we generally do first scans at around 9 weeks and second scans at 18 weeks. And then there on. And it is around the time to event piece that's most critical here, because that tends to be the endpoint that you use in regulatory studies, including in our own ECHO-301 program, where we're looking at progression free survival as well as overall survival. So I personally favor having more mature data sets to make informed decisions. And then combining that, as you've seen critically now with the recent BMS experience, with the biomarker piece as well. So a long answer to your question. But the two scan at least piece of information is critical. And then beyond that in terms of hitting various benchmarks. I don't know if Reid wants to make anything additive to the scientific aspect of having longer data in the immuno-oncology setting, where you actually tend to focus beyond response on things like progression free survival and overall survival.
Reid M. Huber, PhD - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer: Yeah. Just one other additive comment, Geoff. This is Reid. I think that we know now in immunotherapy that  and we've come to expect that responses can occur later into treatment. So responses that are converted from patients with stable disease after a number of cycles is not uncommon. And so it's important to gather that duration of treatment data, so we can more accurately measure and quantify the benefit of a doublet regimen. So absolutely it's an important part of the program. And as Steven alluded to, it's captured in that second bucket of data, where you're looking at durability of response, where you can also convert and capture those patients that are exhibiting responses a little bit later into treatment.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. I had one for Barry. In terms of Jakafi growth, could you just break down volume versus price versus inventory movement? And then I had one for Steven around epacadostat. Is it fair to assume  that in the Phase II program, is it fair to assume that it's biased towards indications where PD-1 is approved? And how important is it for you to make a Phase III go decision, depending on whether a partner is opting in to cost share the trial? Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager US: Hi, Michael. It's Barry. Sure. So as you know we had a 14% growth quarter over quarter, Q2 over Q1. And we took a 6% price increase at the beginning of the second quarter. We don't get all of that 6% of course, because of mandatory government rebates and discounts and so forth. So that's about 5%. We know that the gross to net improved in the second quarter by 2.9% versus the first quarter of 2016. And we had a prescription demand increase by more than 6% in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And I'll turn it over to Steven for the next part of that question.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Michael. It's Steven. I don't know if bias is the right word. But if you look across the ECHO program in its totality and the four different studies, we have 12 different tumor types there. You're correct in that many of them are considered the hotter tumors that already have approvals for PD-1 or PD-L1. So melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer, bladder cancer, and just recently head and neck. But we additionally study in other areas where we will explore the biology of areas where it is maybe not so hot from an immune aspect, like triple-negative breast cancer, ovarian, lymphoma, colorectal cancer, et cetera. And then we'll study all those end points that I alluded to earlier in terms of making decisions. But we're looking at both the hot and cold tumors. So I don't think it's biased. In terms of selecting partners for future collaborations and how to do them and whether opt-ins, or the importance thereof, I'm going to ask Herv to address that.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Fundamentally, I mean we like to work together with a partner and to have the cost sharing program. So that's something that we are trying to get. But it would never stop us from moving into the next step of the program, if for some reason, the partner was not willing to go and do the cost sharing. So it's basically a good guy if we have it. And if we don't, we go ahead and we do it anyway, if we believe there is enough data to justify moving to the next step.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. Two questions. First off, I guess shifting gears to GVHD. Sounds like the pivotal program, steroid refractory patients, is kicking off. You mentioned we'll get some data for 110 [39110] later this year. Just wondering, where might 110 potentially fit in? Do you see a potential role for that in sort of a different segment? Perhaps in prophylactic or frontline patients? Any reason why a selective JAK1 might work differently versus ruxolitinib? Or is that just  should we just see that as proof of principle for ruxo? And then for Barry, I'm wondering as we're seeing continued survival data rollout for Jakafi, are you guys seeing an evolution in clinical practices in terms of earlier intervention in MF? And how much potential room for growth do you foresee in terms of moving towards earlier stage patients?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: So, Brian, I'll start off. It's Steven, and Reid may make additive comments. So you're right. In terms of graft versus host disease, you have to be somewhat careful in separating out the different entities. There's the acute setting and then the chronic setting. And then within the acute setting there is steroid refractory first line and the prophylactic setting. And we feel that both compounds may potentially have a role there. In terms of the biology that may underlie that, I mean we're obviously developing the clinical data now and look forward to sharing the 39110 proof of concept data with you hopefully later this year. But that's leveraging the JAK1 versus 2 [JAK2] selectivity in terms of myelosuppression in certain settings. And we feel that 39110's best roles in that disease setting may be in first line, so prior to developing steroid refractoriness, and in the prophylactic setting, where the potential in terms of the lack of myelosuppression may be more helpful. These patients are just post transplants and tend to have lower blood count. So that's one area we may be able to leverage a different biology. And Reid may want to make additive comments there. So both prophylactic and first line. Whereas for rux itself, our current program is focusing on steroid refractory acute and then the chronic setting, which by definition is also steroid refractory. And I'll leave it to Reid, if he wants to make any more comments around the biology.
Reid M. Huber, PhD - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer: Yeah. So, Brian, thanks for the question. The data and the translational work around how JAK inhibition is having these productive effects in patients with graft versus host disease is still very much evolving. But to the extent that we've studied it and other academics have studied that, they appear to be mediated largely by JAK1 containing signaling networks. And so it's a very provocative scientific hypothesis, the study of JAK1 selective inhibitor in these diseases. As Steven said, ultimately the clinical data will tell us what the profile benefits may be of a JAK1 inhibitor versus a JAK1/JAK2. But there's certainly some emerging scientific basis to be interested in studying JAK1 inhibition in this disease.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager US: So, Brian, it's Barry, just to address your survival data in MF. Yes, strangely, many of our prescribers are only now realizing the survival  or the benefit of starting Jakafi earlier in myelofibrosis patients. Now we have two Phase III trials, COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II, with 5-year follow up. And we have a more than 30% reduction in the risk of death by starting Jakafi earlier versus placebo followed by Jakafi or best available therapy followed by Jakafi. So we think we've penetrated the prevalence in the United States by about 25% to 28%. And we think we have a long way to go in myelofibrosis, particularly to benefit those patients who might start therapy earlier.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Alethia Young from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. Just one around that new ASCO SITC conference in February. Do you think that's a potential venue where we could get some more clinical information for epacadostat? And the second one. I just wanted to talk a little bit about the duration of treatment for Jakafi? I just wanted to see if like you kind of are starting to see kind of increased duration with kind of some of the longer term data that you've been presenting? And then also on p-vera [polycythemia vera], just wanted to  wanted you to talk about the same trend there as well. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Alethia, it's Steven. Re the ability to present epacadostat at various meetings, that is an interesting meeting. And our eye is on it. We in general will not speak to whether things will be at the meeting until the meeting itself releases its abstract data. So I'll just leave it at that. And pass it to Barry for your second question.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager US: Yeah. We've talked about persistency for both MF and PV. Continues to get better year over year for both MF and PV. I think I've said before that the PV persistency is a little bit longer. Obviously we look to our Phase III clinical trials as one signal. And in fact in both response and in COMFORT-I, COMFORT-II, the patients stay on therapy for a long period of time. So we try to keep patients on therapy, because we think they'll continue to benefit. Obviously the survival benefit that we've shown in myelofibrosis and then in terms of symptom control and seize control that we've seen in response and response to, we think this persistency will only continue to get better.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tony Butler from Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks very much for taking the questions. So I would love to get your view on the GITR agonist, especially potentially in combination with, say, an anti-PD1. Given the notion that there are a number of inflammatory events that may occur with PD-1 alone, perhaps pancreatitis, stemonitis (36:20), et cetera. So the question really is, do you get  do you think you may get or obtain excess -itis, whatever -itis, simply because you're adding effectively two agonists together? Would love to understand that view. And then second, with respect to bladder cancer on the FGFR inhibitor, really around selectivity, given that there are a couple of other competitors in the market with FGFR inhibitors? And more importantly, why bladder cancer first is a first line? I recognize there are a number or a percentage of bladder cancers, which certainly have FGFR3. But the question really is why bladder cancer first? Thanks.
Reid M. Huber, PhD - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer: Yeah. Hi, Tony. This is Reid. I'll take both your questions, and Steven can chime in with additional comments at the end. I think first with respect to GITR, it's  and we're learning a little bit more about the agonist space after this last ASCO, including data presented on the OX40 agonist. But there's an outstanding I think question in the field up until these clinical data, as to what the ultimate safety profile and tolerability may be of a co-stimulatory agonist. And the data at least emerging thus far from OX40 and maybe soon to emerge around GITR is encouraging in that respect. So that's the first thing to note. And I think that's important for the field to recognize, is that these antibodies appear to be able to be delivered, at least as single agents, as safe treatments with early signs of pharmacologic or pharmacodynamic activity. As you know the ultimate utility of these antibodies, based on preclinical data, is likely in combination. And you referenced the PD-1-based combinations, which are clearly attractive combination approaches for both GITR and OX40. It's where our program is certainly designed to move to. And we think that the most relevant go/no-go decisions and true understanding of safety and efficacy is probably going to come from data emerging from those combination regimens. Whether there is an inflammatory or an -itis type toxicity is yet to be determined. But certainly the monotherapy data is encouraging. And then we're going to have to look for the actual clinical combination data to speak to that, because as you know preclinical data doesn't really read on safety. On your next question with respect to FGFR, 54828 was brought forward  designed to and was brought forward, because it's a very selective inhibitor of three FGFR isoforms, FGFR1, R2, and R3. And those are the receptor tyrosine kinases that are often mutated or translocated and activated in a number of solid tumors. Bladder cancer is one where the genetics are particularly clean with respect to FGFR3 involvement. And we have a very attractive path forward there through it with a companion diagnostic approach to identify those patients. So it's an interesting one to accelerate the program around. I don't think necessarily it is the only one. And there are of course other tumor types which harbor FGFR amplifications, which we may be able to pursue as the program evolves. But certainly out of the gate, bladder cancer is an attractive one for us. With respect to the competition. There are a number of other FGFR inhibitors out there. The first group of them were actually very non-selective inhibitors. And more recently over the last few years, we've seen from Novartis and J&J and AstraZeneca more selective FGFR inhibitors. One important feature of our program that we were focused on in the Phase I setting was whether or not we would only be dose limited by on-target pharmacology, namely phosphate elevation. Or whether like some of those other inhibitors I mentioned, we may have off-target dose limiting toxicity. And we've been very pleased with the safety and tolerability profile thus far in Phase I. And we think that's allowing us to push to quite high levels of pathway inhibition, perhaps high enough to begin to differentiate across some of those other molecules in development. But obviously it's still early days. And the clinical data will ultimately speak to the quality of the profile.
Tony Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you, Reid. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Simos Simeonidis from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Simos Simeonidis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking the question. This has been I think kind of asked earlier in a different way. But what I wanted to get your thoughts on is, whether you're currently doing anything differently post the  surprise to many people  failure of the Bristol drug in front line lung cancer in your trials with PD-1, PD-L1 inhibitors in lung cancer? And the second question is, I know Mike Booth has communicated in the past how you guys will talk to us about which combinations you might take into next steps with epacadostat. But is it still going to be in a staggered fashion? Is it going to be all at once? And then we get the data? Is there any changes to that? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Simos, hi. It's Steven answering your question. I think in terms of first-line lung cancer, and this is more a general comment. Sometimes it can be advantageous to not be out front, because you can learn from other data sets, not necessarily failures but just other data sets. And in this case I think at least in lung cancer as opposed to melanoma, the quantitative intensity of the staining may be more important than it is in other histologies. And where the cut-offs lie and how they inform your drug and its activity is going to be really, really important. So the obvious answer is, yes, we will be looking in depth at the biomarker parts of the lung cancer program and trying to understand where we differentiate on efficacy? And where we add, is it at the same cut-offs or different cut-offs? And that work's in progress at the moment. In terms of combinations, and I'll let Reid add to this. It's really, it's wide open. We will look at different levels of evidence. There's preclinical cell line evidence, then xenografts, and then clinical evidence, either from ourselves or collaborators, and where we will work in both hot and cold tumors and in combination in terms of enhanced in other compounds. The majority of the program right now is on PD-1 and PD-L1 combinations. But there are others in development, including triplets, where we look at our own small molecules in different dosing schedules to see if we can modulate the tumor marker environment by looking at paired biopsies and enhance immune responses. And then we have a vaccine program as well in combination with vaccines. And it's not step-wise. I mean we're willing to look at things as soon as the evidence is available. And we remain very confident in that opportunity. I don't know, Reid, if you want to add anything around combinations. But hopefully that answers your question.
Simos Simeonidis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. This is Morgan on for Cory. I just wanted to ask a quick question on the data presentation at ESMO. You've referenced potentially for us to see PFS data. Are we going to see medium PFS? Or are we going to see any sort of percent PFS at certain time points?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Morgan, it's Steven. Obviously, wait for the presentation is the high level answer. Again it's on poster discussion on Monday, October 10. If you look at the SITC and SMR data sets, we now have additional scan data. And we'll be able to look at progression free survival over a much longer time interval. As for the actual data, I'll refer you, one, to the abstract when it goes live on September 28, and then the actual presentation.
Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys. I have a question on whether you have any preclinical data or clinical data you have seen so far, that's not a float to show, there's a row for IDO (45:13) inhibition for PD-L1 negative or even the low expression of PD-L1 tumor types. And then secondly, I was wondering if you can provide any more color on the decision by your partner, Lilly, to drop a couple indications, including diabetic nephropathy, and then move on for another two indications, including atopic dermatitis and lupus. Thanks.
Reid M. Huber, PhD - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer: Yeah. Hi, Ying. I'll start off with your first question. This is Reid on the preclinical data. So IDO has been studied in a number of tumor models now. And they really range across both what we think of as hotter, more inflamed tumors, and tumors which are characterized by less of productive immune cell infiltrating more of a myelosuppressive or immune suppressive immune cell infiltrate. The reproducibility of IDO synergy with PD-1 is a very common finding. We in fact see it when tumors are IDO1 positive. We see it impact when tumors are IDO negative, where the IDO activity may be coming from the infiltrating immune cells and from the tumor draining lymph node. So I think that data set is a fairly robust one. The question is, how those models translate to patients? And there as you well know, we have to be much more cautious in either over or under interpreting the preclinical data. So the approach that Steven has outlined and we're following with the ECHO program is to not to limit histology selection and the expansion cohorts to only those which have been shown to be PD-1 responsive or only those which are characterized by cold tumors or PD-L1 negative status. We tend to look at both of those. And then use a more robust translational program on the back end to work through those details. I think that's a strength of the program going forward. So we're not biased based on any pre-clinical  pre-conceived notions, and I'll turn the next question over to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Concerning the Lilly relationship. I mean you have to remember that the way it works is that we would be asked at some point when the program is going to Phase III to either opt in or not in co-financing of the Phase III. Before that we are literally in a position where we give our opinion and our advice. But we are really not in any kind of decision position, so I cannot comment on their willingness to go for any of these indications. But as we said, I think we are dealing with a very broad list of possible indication for this mechanism. And really  and we are discussing with them about it, are certainly looking at multiple places where baricitinib could be applied. I mean the decisions to drop nephropathy recently, something that was not a huge surprise from our side.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Peter Lawson from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Steven, just with the BMS failure. wondering if you could walk through the biomarker strategy you have around epacadostat, as well as GITR and if there's any points of differentiation you have in that biomarker strategy? And how you could potentially drive positive outcomes with the strategy?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Peter, hi. It's Steven. I cannot speak to the specifics of each collaboration and granular details on the biomarker strategy. Just to tell you that it's broad. So it's beyond immunohistochemistry and staining and quantitative staining intensity. And we're looking other aspects, including the genetics of the space and trying to get a comprehensive understanding of where therapies work and why they don't. Obviously the cutoff per se in the first line lung of the one compound at BMS versus Merck's compound in interesting. Is it 5% or 50%, and what that difference means? And then looking at it in combination. And then the same for GITR. We have a comprehensive program, but it's too early to give you any specifics.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And just a follow-up around that. Is there a chance that you can go back and change the cutoff rate, manipulate that? Or are you kind of locked in?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: So in terms of the exploratory part of the program now, it's hypothesis generating. So it's not a question of changing anything. We can look respectively across the board. When you trigger a prospect of Phase 3, then you have to prospectively set what you're going to be looking at. Just to be clear our melanoma's Phase 3 ECHO-301 doesn't use any selectivity in terms of PD-L1 staining. And that's not really relevant in the melanoma space at the moment. But there's no cutoff in the Phase 2 programs. It's we're doing across the board hypothesis testing.
Peter Lawson - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming Ren Benjamin from Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on a great quarter. I guess one question for Barry. Barry, can you give us a sense at all or any color regarding the split of MF versus PV? And you mentioned the 6% prescription increase in the quarter. Is that growth coming from one indication more than the other? And then one for Steve, just regarding the IDO studies, will you be presenting the data based on the trials as a whole or specific to these cohorts? So for example, would you present data from ECHO-2O2 and ECHO-203, the triple negative breast cancer, all at the breast cancer conference at the end of this year, but from two different trials? And I guess final question regarding bladder cancer. Can you give us any sort of detail or color? Is it muscle invasive, non-muscle invasive, or superficial? Or in combination with BCP?
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager US: Hi, Ren. In terms of a breakdown of MF and PV, we still have more sales in MF, just because the total cohort of patients that we had over time, they continue to grow. As I said before, the persistency is good. But in terms of growth quarter over quarter, it's a greater  PV is now  the total number of PV patients' growth is outpacing the total growth of MF patients. But they're both still growing quarter over quarter. And we think we can actually increase that going forward, particularly for the overall survival in MF and now additional data in PV.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager US: Steven?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Ren, it's Steven for your second and third question. In terms of when and where and how to present the IDO data sets, it's really a case-by-case discussion with our partners and the investigators. To date, we've generally presented studies as a whole. So if you look at SITC last year, the ECHO-202 experience, and then what's coming up at ESMO this year. But going forward, there may be opportunities around histologies. It's just too early to speak to whether for example, you do a single histology, other histology relevant medians, like a breast median. But again it's a discussion with our partners and investigators. In terms of bladder cancer the current program is directed at metastatic bladder cancer. It's not superficial or non-muscle invasive. The unmet need in the metastatic setting at the moment. We will going forward look at potential other areas to study. But that's where the program is at the moment.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ian Somaiya from BMO. Please proceed with your question.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. And congratulations on a great quarter. I had two questions. First for Herv. Just want to get your sense, I mean just your ability  do you think you have the ability to at this point continue to aggressively fund your growing oncology portfolio, as well as take advantage of the options that you have in terms of the baricitinib program? And just (54:01) question just related to your financial health. Do you think you can do both at the same time? And then separately for Reid. I was just hoping to get your thoughts on some of the early sort of microbiome data that's been published? And potential for combination with the different I-O's programs?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Ian. Herv. So, yeah, on the financial heath, I mean you can see the numbers yourself. I mean what  we are in a position where the growth of the top line is giving us a lot of flexibility to invest in our own portfolio. And if Lilly would decide to go in additional indication, which I wish obviously, we would be able to also do the co-funding. To give you an idea, from last year to this year, in fact the co-funding of the Lilly program has gone down, because of the cycle in rheumatoid arthritis. So if we were to go in new indication, there would be no problem to do that. I mean the way we are thinking of resource allocation is obviously top line growth is what's giving us all of these opportunities. We spoke about ruxolitinib, but we have also now hopefully if baricitinib is approved next year, there will be a new line of top line growth from the royalties and some of the milestone from Lilly. We think about portfolio kinetics, how to move the portfolio as fast as possible in the right indication, obviously based on the scientific understanding we have. So we are not limiting our clinical program, because of resource constraints at this point. Based on what you have seen this quarter, you can see we have room to maneuver. And obviously we stay in a positive cash flow from operations. I mean that's important, because that's sort of what makes us stable from the financial standpoint for  and able to do this operation. So that's the three criteria that we are using. And up to now, it has been there something we can  we have been able to manage very positively. So the answer is yes. If there were opportunities to do co-funding with Lilly, we would probably participate, assuming the indication is reasonable.
Reid M. Huber, PhD - Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer: And, Ian, this is Reid. I'll take your second question. So I think  so our view of the microbiome data are that they're very interesting. Obviously some of it has come from a close collaborator of ours, Dr. Tom Gajewski at University of Chicago. It's not an area which we have built a particular expertise around. So I think we look at the data and how it emerges in the context of our combination possibilities, much like we look at other platforms, such as vaccines or cellular therapeutics. Some of these may emerge as interesting tools. And when they emerge into the clinic, we'll always evaluate the science behind them, and how we may be able to work together in those sorts of combination strategies. But right now I think it's a little bit early to assign any real strong scientific rationale to specific combination possibilities that may be appropriate for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Michael Schmidt from Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my follow-up. I just had one. So you mentioned the importance of PFS information and assessing the efficacy of epacadostat in combination with JAK1 inhibitors. And just wondering, number one, looking at the upcoming data at ESMO, can you just remind us of the benchmarks of what would you expect for PD-1 alone in terms of PFS in those patients? And then secondly, PD-1 inhibitors historically have been, I believe at least, most efficacious in prolonging overall survival, as opposed to PFS. And I'm just wondering what your thoughts are here in terms of the  sort of the PFS as a measure that you're considering. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Michael, it's Steven. It's one of the three components of progression free survival or time to progression. The benchmarks, if you look at pembro alone and generalizing, because you have to be very specific about exactly what population you look in. And then are you enriching for particularly biomarker expression. But in general if you look at their label in melanoma, you're looking at about 6 months for pembro alone. If you look at nivo plus ipi in the same setting, you're looking at about 11.5 months for that combination. And then obviously with efficacy, you always weigh in toxicity in terms of getting to your risk elements sort of equation in terms of using therapies. But those are the numbers we bear in mind in terms of getting there. And again I'll refer you to the actual presentation. From a tolerability point of view, to date, our data is very encouraging versus other doublets. You're right. In terms of overall survival, that is ultimately what is most important to patients and often to regulators. You just can't wait in terms of decision making early on to wait for OS, and they're not  they tend not to be randomized studies. So you use surrogates like response and progression free, which we feel is most important in terms of decision making.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks for the follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Herv for any further or closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, all of you, for time today and for your question. And just conclude saying that we look forward to providing you with further data, where our Q3 call in early in November. And for now, thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP
Analysts: Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ying Huang - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Andrew Scott Berens - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Incyte Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mike Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Diego. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's first quarter earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today are available on the Investors section at incyte.com. Speaking on today's call will be Herv Hoppenot, our CEO, who will begin with a strategic review and provide further detail on our acquisition of ARIAD European business announced this morning; Barry Flannelly, who leads our U.S. organization, will provide some detail on Jakafi sales during Q1; Steven Stein, Incyte's Chief Medical Officer, will give a brief update on our clinical portfolio; and Dave Gryska, our CFO, will summarize our first quarter financial results, the impact of the ARIAD transaction, as well as our upcoming news flow for 2016. We'll then open the call up for Q&A, for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer. We'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2016 guidance, our expectations regarding the planned acquisition of ARIAD European operations, the commercialization of Jakafi, and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-K for the quarter ended  for the year ended December 31, 2015, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for some introductory remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike, and good morning. So, moving to slide five, let me start with a reminder that Incyte has a very unique profile within the biopharmaceutical industry. As we have a fast-growing top line, we have been cash flow positive for each of the last four quarter, and we have the potential for second  (02:39) impact on source of revenue should baricitinib be approved in 2017. So, we have a very strong start to 2016. Financially, Jakafi sales growth continued increasing by 59% year-over-year, and we are raising Jakafi net product revenue guidance for 2016. The big potential of the Jakafi brand may also be increased should we be able to successfully develop Jakafi for GVHD. The latest output from our discovery and development teams was presented at ACR, positioning Incyte for future success. We now have a portfolio of 14 clinical candidates. We have just dosed the first patient in our LSD1 program, and we expect the clinical trial for our GITR program to begin in the next few weeks. Our latest stage portfolio is also progressing well, and we expect to launch two pivotal programs in the coming months, ECHO-301, the Phase 3 trial studying epacadostat in combination with Merck's pembrolizumab in first line melanoma patients will begin shortly. And in the second half of 2016, we look forward to initiating a registration program for ruxolitinib for the treatment of GVHD. So moving to slide six, with this perspective in mind, we were pleased to announce this morning an agreement to acquire ARIAD's European business. As you know, Incyte has a diversified portfolio of exciting development project which represents one of the largest dermatology oncology pipelines in the industry. We also have a fully-integrated U.S. business that is very successful as evidenced by the continuous strong growth in Jakafi. Our strategy is to do the same in Europe, and we face the technical choice of whether to build the European business or to buy one as we seek to maximize the chances of launch success of our products in Europe. Last year, we established our European headquarter in Switzerland, which is now home to a growing European clinical development team. And upon closing of the ARIAD transaction which we expect to occur on June 1, Incyte will immediately have a fully-integrated European operation of 125 FTEs with medical and commercial teams in place across the continent. The addition of the ARIAD team in Europe will not only accelerate the establishment of Incyte in Europe, it will do so in a manner that is financially efficient because revenue generated by sales of Iclusig will offset our European operating cost. If other compounds from our portfolio are approved in Europe, the ability to leverage our fully-integrated European operation should allow us to maximize the chances of European launch success narrowing our operations in the U.S. So, slide seven is summarizing the Iclusig profile. Iclusig is approved in Europe for the treatment of patient with CML and Philadelphia-positive ALL that are resistant or intolerant to dasatinib or nilotinib, Sprycel and Tasigna. Iclusig is also approved for all patients with 315i mutation, and activity against the 315i mutation is important and is very unique to Iclusig among all these BCR-ABL inhibitors. Moving to next slide, slide eight. Some of the financial components of the transaction, so upon closing which now is planned at the end of the month, Incyte with pay $140 million cash upfront to ARIAD and will pay additional considerations through tiered double-digit royalty on Incyte sales of Iclusig in Europe. We also expect to make two development cost-sharing payment to ARIAD of $7 million, one in 2016 and one in 2017. Additional potential milestone payment may also become due but only if additional indication for Iclusig are approved in Europe. We forecast that the acquisition of ARIAD's European operation will be earnings accretive to Incyte beginning in 2018. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Barry for an update on our Jakafi franchise.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. We continue to see strong growth in Jakafi sales in the first quarter. Net product revenue for the quarter was $183 million, an increase of 59% over the first of 2015. As a result of this performance and a strong underlying demand for Jakafi, we are increasing our full-year net Jakafi product revenue guidance for 2016 from $800 million to $815 million to a new range of $815 million to $830 million. Slide 11 shows the sales bridge for Jakafi in Q1 versus Q4 last year. Volume growth in Q1 was robust at 7% over Q4 2015, but this was offset by the typical increase in gross to net in the first quarter of each year. This is mostly driven by the 50% discount we make to the coverage gap also called the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. As patients move out of the donut hole, the gross to net stabilizes for the remainder of the year. Jakafi's standard of care for the treatment of intermediate and high-risk myelofibrosis patients in the U.S. and the beneficial effect for patients is highlighted by the five-year survival data published at ASH last year from the COMFORT-II pivotal trial. Five-year data from the COMFORT-I trial is going to be presented at ASCO in June. The launch in PV is going well as evidenced by the strong flow of new patients beginning treatment with Jakafi. The 80-week analysis of the RESPONSE trial recently published in Haematologica demonstrated that patients had durable control of hematocrit and spleen volume, and which is now included in the Jakafi label. As we have said previously, we are confident in reaching our long-term Jakafi sales target of $1.5 billion in MF and PV alone. Patients who experience graft versus host disease represent a significant unmet medical need in the U.S. And if ruxolitinib is successful developed and approved by the FDA, it can provide us with a new indication for Jakafi and provide yet further growth to the brand. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Steven for a brief clinical update.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Barry. As you have already heard, our overall portfolio continues to progress well including the first patient dosed in our LSD1 inhibitor program. In my remarks today, however, I will focus on our two new pivotal programs: ruxolitinib in graft versus host disease, GVHD; and epacadostat in first-line melanoma. There is a clear unmet medical need for patients with graft versus host disease, long-term survival rates in patients with corticosteroid-refractory GVHD of between 5% and 30%. Our multicenter survey published in Leukemia last year and anchored at the American Society of Hematology showed that treatment with ruxolitinib generated a greater than 80% response in patients with GVHD. And of those responders, relapse rate was less than 10%. We believe these are impressive results, and we look forward to the initiation of our pivotal program of ruxolitinib in GVHD patients later this year. Slide 15 summarizes some key trials within the epacadostat clinical development in hematology and oncology development program, which continues to progress well/ The ECHO program: we expect about 600 patients to be enrolled into the Phase 2 expansion cohorts by the end of the year. And we expect data to become available from some of these cohorts in the second half of 2016. ECHO-301, the Phase 3 trial of epacadostat in combination of pembrolizumab for the first-line treatments of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma is expected to begin enrolling in the coming weeks. The clinical trials (11:45) record is now available to view. The trial will have co-primary endpoints of progression-free survival and overall survival, and is planned to enroll 600 patients, randomize one to one into two cohorts of pembrolizumab plus-minus epacadostat. We anticipate initial data from ECHO-301 in 2018. I will finish my segment with a portfolio slide, which illustrates Incyte's balanced and diverse portfolio of small and large molecules across various development stages. The quality of our drug discovery work was demonstrated at the AACR meeting last month where Incyte candidates were featured in 10 abstracts in both mono and combination therapy settings. With that, I'll pass the call to Dave for the financials.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Steven. And good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by covering the details of the acquisition of ARIAD's European business, and then turn to Incyte's first quarter performance. The planned acquisition of ARIAD's European business is an important step in executing our strategy of expanding outside of the U.S. We already have the nucleus of the European organization. And this transaction accelerates a planned European expansion while adding a commercialized product to offset future operating expenses. We anticipate the transaction closing on June 1, 2016, at which time, we'll begin to record revenue for Iclusig in Europe and recognize expenses related to the European business. To provide financial guidance on the ARIAD European business for the remainder of 2016 post closing, we expect net product revenue for Iclusig to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million. This assumes that the transaction closes on June 1 as planned, and that ARIAD records the outstanding deferred revenue relating to Iclusig sales in France. We expect 2016 R&D expenses to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million. This includes the first of two $7 million payments to ARIAD, relating to development of Iclusig. The second payment will be in 2017. And lastly, we expect SG&A expenses to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. This guidance includes operating expenses for the operations in Europe and the non-cash purchase accounting expense of approximately $10 million. So, this transaction will be considered the purchase of a business will value the product rights of Iclusig as an asset under balance sheet at June 1, and amortize the product rights over the life of the patent. For the remainder of 2016, the product rights amortization is estimated to be approximately $10 million, these were recorded as cost of product revenue. Looking further ahead, we will seek to strategically invest in our expanded European organization and expect the acquisition to be accretive to our earnings on a GAAP basis in 2018. Now, turning to the first quarter. We continued to deliver strong financial performance while increasing investments in our long-term growth. We recorded $264 million in first quarter revenue, this is comprised of $183 million of Jakafi net product revenue, $22 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis, and $59 million in contract revenue including two milestones paid by Lilly related to the FDA and EMA submissions seeking approval for baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis. Jakafi net product revenue of $183 million represents 59% growth over the same period last year. Based on Jakafi's performance, we are increasing our full-year Jakafi net revenue guidance to a range of $815 million to $830 million. As with similar oral oncology drugs, our gross net adjustment is higher in the first quarter of the year than the rest of the year, primarily because of our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. We expect that our gross net adjustments for the full year to be approximately 12%. Our cost of product revenue for the quarter was $6 million, this includes the payment of royalties to Novartis on Jakafi sales. Our R&D expense for the quarter was $157 million, this includes the $35 million milestone to Lilly in payment for the rights to develop ruxolitinib in GVHD and $12 million in non-stock compensation. Looking at our projected R&D expense for the full year. We are updating our current guidance to a range of $635 million to $660 million, this includes the addition of the ARIAD European business and several changes in the components of R&D expense forecast related to our existing portfolio. Specifically, we have added the $35 million milestone payments to Lilly for the rights to develop ruxolitinib in GVHD to our forecast. This increase is offset by increased projected savings related to discontinuation of ruxolitinib in solid tumors and by the removal from our 2016 forecast of development of baricitinib in diabetic nephropathy. Our SG&A expense for the quarter was $65 million, this includes $8 million in non-cash stock compensation and an increase in our donations to independent charitable foundations, which are typically higher in the first quarter and lower as the year progresses. As far as our projected SG&A expense for the full year, we are updating our guidance to a range of $285 million to $310 million, this includes the addition of the ARIAD European business previously mentioned. Turning now to net income and earnings per share for the first quarter. We delivered $24 million in net income or $0.13 per share basic and $0.12 per share diluted. For the full year, and driven primarily by our increased revenue guidance for Jakafi, we expect net income to be in the range of $10 million to $20 million. Looking at our balance sheet, we have the first quarter with $811 million in cash and cash equivalents. During the first quarter, we experienced strong positive cash flow from operations and milestone payments from Lilly. We expect positive operating cash flow from operations to continue through 2016, but expect to be offset by upfront payment to acquire the ARIAD European business as previously discussed and planned capital spending on our Delaware campus. We expect to end the year with over $600 million in cash and cash equivalents. With our current cash balance and multiple sources of cash flow, we are in an excellent position to continue to make important investments in our long-term growth. I'll end our prepared remarks with news flow slide. We have just dosed the first patient in our LSD1 program. In the next several weeks, we expect to initiate a clinical trial for the GITR program and dose the first patient in the pivotal Phase 3 trial of epacadostat in first-line melanoma. Later in 2016, we expect additional proof-of-concept data from the ongoing Phase 1, Phase 2 trials of epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 antibodies to become available as well as initial clinical results from our FGFR and BRD programs. The initiation of the OX40 Agenus clinical trials are slated for the second half of 2016, as is the initiation of the registration program for ruxolitinib in GVHD. In summary, we are well positioned with a robust and diversified product portfolio. We have the financial resources to enable us to build a global biopharmaceutical company and create long-term shareholder value. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks, please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Brian Abrahams with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on all the progress. I guess, my question would be, in terms of timing, what prompted you to seek to expand the European infrastructure at this time versus in a couple of years once some of the Phase 3s for epacadostat and the other programs are a little bit more advanced? And I'm curious if you have any other plans for Iclusig development other than the cost sharing that you suggested. And then, I guess lastly on that front, as we look towards sort of future investment, you mentioned the potential to expand out that infrastructure, what's the right way to be thinking about the potential SG&A impacts going forward? I know ARIAD has mentioned that they plan to save $65 million in expenses next year. Should we be thinking about an additional $65 million sort of an exact offset or other potential synergies or conversely additional investments that you might make that might increase the impact to SG&A beyond that? Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Brian. Let me try to take it through your question. I think the timing is a very important question, and thank you for asking that. The way we look at our maturation of the portfolio is obviously the initiation of the Phase 3 study with epacadostat is an important milestone, but we're also looking at the advancement of many of our own projects including our JAK1 selective inhibitor 110 in multiple indication, as you know. We also  and you saw some of the data at ACR, moving our Phase 3 kinase delta and our EGFR inhibitor is also now reaching in the Phase 1 stage where we are looking at the next step. So, it's not just one, but I think there are a number of ways where we will be in a mode where we need to be more active in Europe to maximize the potential of these launches, any of these make it through the entire process. So, we are now in mid-2016. We're obviously looking for some of these projects at somewhere around 2019 maybe, and I think it's the right time to be ready not only to prepare the launch, like the commercial aspect, but as you know in  there is also involvement of European centers, so part of the ARIAD acquisition includes medical teams that I think will be very important to maximize our activities in Europe, and obviously, the market access and all the work that needs to be done to be able to go through the reimbursement process very quickly. So, the way we think about it is that we are now at this stage where we will have a team in place. And as you have heard, I mean, the way  and I will answer your question about the SG&A impact, but what we are looking at is that the Iclusig potential, it's a product that is growing relatively fast, will allow us to be in a position where in fact the team is self-funded for this time, we have between now and whenever the next product is coming. In terms of the plans for new indication for Iclusig, the current situation is obviously we have a best plan based on the current indication. You know there is an effort ongoing, and we would be participating to that of doing two things. One is to try to optimize the dose, and as you know, the dose of Iclusig is something that is still under review and there is a study ongoing to try to see if a different dose would have a better therapeutic window. And there is a study to compare it to nilotinib in second-line CML. So, both of these are ongoing. And obviously, based on the results, we would be including this data in our European label. For other indications, there is no specific plan that we are pursuing at all. For the $65 million, the way you have to think about it is that we have, in fact in our plans for 2016, expenses that we were anticipating at Incyte to try to stop to have infrastructure in some of the European country to do what I was just describing, which is help the epacadostat delta, JAK1, FGF programs work locally with the three academic centers, et cetera. And all of that costs that we are planning to have starting in 2016 and in 2017 is obviously not going now to be happening in addition to the IR team, in fact the IR group, the medical group will take some of that workload on the  based on the current infrastructure. So, you have two things happening, it's that you have an offset of cost that would have happened if we had not done the transaction and you have obviously the management of the cost going forward between the Iclusig dedicated team and the teams that would be working on other projects. And as we said, we see this to be completely balanced starting  or in fact, accretive to our business starting in 2018. Now, we have no plan in the very short term to expand the infrastructure that we are acquiring from ARIAD, so you should not think of another wave of new SG&A coming from Europe because we think the size is in fact exactly what we are shooting for if we have to do it by ourselves. I think that answered most of the question you were asking, right?
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, Herv. That's really helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking my question. So, I just want to follow up on the earlier question regarding the ARIAD transaction. So, we should assume at this point you're comfortable in the size of investment in the European operations? And could you also give us some color on the $135 million in milestones and what the breakdown is and the threshold levels here? And I have a question on the pipeline to follow up with.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I'll take these two. Starting with the milestones, the way all the milestones that we have are attached to new indications, some of them are related to the second-line potential indication based on the study versus the nilotinib. And some of them are attached to potential indications that could be in oncology or outside of oncology. So, it's a very broad field, obviously we don't know yet if there is there is or will be any effort in any of these indications. So, that's where the  except for the second-line Tasigna that we discussed. I don't think we will be disclosing exactly the details by indication, so that gives you the perspective, which for us, is basically that we have a base case based on the current indication that works for us, and we see everything else coming in addition to that as a upside from that base case. In terms of the size of the infrastructure in Europe, which was your first question, we are very comfortable with where it is. It's well spread across a number of countries where we want to be able to actively develop our products, and that will be the core of the launch program for our new products in Europe and it's as usual Italy, Spain, France, Germany and UK. So, it gives us the right footprint that we would have created by ourselves if we didn't do this transaction.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Herv. And then, with regards to IDO program that's going to read out in the second half, can you help us understand which tumor types would we read out first? And with the Keytruda plus IDO1 melanoma study, the ECHO-202, the Phase 2 portion of that study, will we see more patient data over the data seen at SITC or is it just going to be more scans? And then, just one question on Jakafi guidance, is the increase really driven here by PV upside or expectations of future MF upside? Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Salveen, thanks. It's Steven. So, as you know, we presented at SITC and SMR in the fourth quarter of 2015 on the initial data sets which we now have additional scans in those patients, which has reinforced our confidence in epacadostat-pembrolizumab combination in first-line melanoma and our decision to initiate the Phase 3 program. However, there is not enough new data to justify a presentation at this time. So, I think it's the meat of you question, if you look across the four PD, PD-L1 combinations, as we said on the call, we'll enroll about 600 patients across 13 tumor types, so it's too early to say what tumor types will have available data win, but we will be getting data over the course of the year, and that's is the most I can say about it at this point in time.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: And your question about Jakafi guidance is  it's driven both by MF and PV. In fact, we continue to add new patients in both PV and MF, and the other part of it is many of these patients are staying on drug for a long period of time. So, that's where our guidance comes from.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink Partners. Please state your question.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Herv, I had a follow-up on the ARIAD transaction. Given that there is still some time, as you mentioned, until your in-house sort of products could come online in Europe, how do you think about adding additional commercial or new commercial products to that existing infrastructure via business development?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. You're right. I mean it's something we don't sort of predict because, as you know, every BD&L is always an adventure on the anniversary of the result, but it has been the case that when we were looking at opportunities in the past, just having a footprint in the U.S. only was in fact a problem for the partners who were looking for somebody to commercialize their product on a broader basis. So, it was a little bit of a catch-22 where you don't have the team, you don't get the product. And if you don't have the product, you don't have the team. So, what we have now is a very efficient way to have a high-quality group of people, an interesting product that is growing and obviously, it will open new opportunities. And as we have always said, I mean we look at different options and if something seems to make sense from the strategic and financial standpoint, we will do it. But we don't need to do it, I mean, the way we are now deployed in Europe and the U.S., we have teams that obviously in the U.S. generating a lot of income from Jakafi. And in Europe, we'll have a team with a growing top line and interesting product and covering most of the cost from that Iclusig business. If we can have something else, it would be in addition to some upside on that scenario. But the best scenario now is very good and I think will help us maximize our launches when they come.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then, a question on the GVHD opportunity. You had some information there on an incident prevalence, I mean just  could you share some more information on the size of that opportunity, and especially is that a chronic type of therapy paradigm? Or is it a sort of a one-time treatment? And also what duration of Phase 3 development do you foresee for that product?
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Well, this is Barry. And maybe I'll hand it over to Steven for more information. But in terms of the opportunity, there's 21,000 stem cell transplants in the United States alone, about half of those are autologous, another half are allogeneic. If the allogeneic patients that end up having the GVHD, fewer patients have acute GVHD, and then more patients have chronic GVHD. And the way it generally breaks down is that then those patients who have acute GVHD might have a shorter duration of therapy and chronic GVHD might have a longer duration of therapy. We think it's an exciting opportunity, and we hope to help a lot more patients with GVHD as we hopefully successfully develop this drug. And I'll hand it over to Steven to answer the question about Phase 3 development.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Thanks, Barry. And then, just in terms of the question, one of our slides in the presentation alluded to incidents in the U.S. of new patients of 7,000, about half acute, half chronic. And then in terms of prevalence, about 10,000 patients with chronic GVHD. In terms of development plans, obviously as Herv said, we have an ongoing study with our JAK1 inhibitor 39110 which is in Phase 1 safety tolerability at the moment in GVHD. And now with the acquisition of the ruxolitinib rights and already having achieved, if you will, a proof-of-concept with the external data, we're developing registration plans. The ruxolitinib proof-of-concept data is in steroid refractory, acute on chronic graft versus host disease. So, that's the likely area of development there. And then, we will discuss our own 39110 development plans because there are other entities to consider. There is still first-line acute GVHD, and there's still potential for prophylaxis in this setting. So, those are the areas we're considering at the moment.
Michael Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is Morgan on for Cory. Actually, a quick question on the further development of Iclusig. How does that kind of fit into what the rest of everything you have going on with the pipeline, just with the bandwidth you have? And then, I've a follow-up.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. It's Steven answering you, Morgan. In terms of Iclusig, as Herv said, there is ongoing work to do in the actual indication within chronic myeloid leukemia. There is a reasonable amount of safety evidence that dose ranging work may alleviate some of the toxicity as regards arterial occlusive disease. So, executing that study will be very important across three dose ranges. And then, there is ongoing effort, as Herv always said as well, in second-line chronic myeloid leukemia head-to-head against nilotinib. In terms of further development, it's a relatively promiscuous agent in terms of different kinases that it does hit, and what's now the setup of a joint development committee with areas, we'll have to discuss those opportunities going forward, whether they're areas of interest to explore or not. But it's really too early to say more about that at the moment.
Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: (37:05).
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And maybe just to complement that in terms of how does it fit with the rest of the portfolio, we don't see  there is no overlap. I mean, these two studies are already ongoing, and it's not going to compete with the rest of the portfolio. It's a project that would be managed in a totally separate manner than the rest.
Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then, I just want to confirm that the guidance of $25 million to $30 million is for post close, is that correct?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Morgan T. Haller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please state your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, good morning, guys. This is Carter on for Geoff. Thanks for taking our questions. I've got one on strategy. I appreciate the cost efficiency on today's deal and sort of the optionality it gives you in terms of involving EU sites and maximizing the launches. Was there any sense given to how this maybe changes prioritization of certain indications and thinking specifically on IDO? And then, on the GVHD opportunity, could you speak about the strategy of moving forward to both the 110 and ruxolitinib, given your motivations and  on the economics and the partnership with Novartis? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Maybe on the first one, no, it has absolutely no impact. I'm sorry, I was  it has absolutely no impact on rethinking the IDO indication between hematology and oncology. I mean these are completely separate. I think there is  obviously, a lot of our pipeline that is in hematology, there are a number of solid tumor indication where we are looking at it. And Iclusig is not changing any of the balance between oncology and hematology in our pipeline. And maybe, yeah, if you can speak about the GVHD development.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. It's Steven again. Thanks, Herv. So, just to reiterate and maybe go a bit slower, in terms of graft versus host disease, there are at least four entities. There is steroid refractories. Steroids, particularly prednisone, is first-line treatment. But if you get steroid-refractory acute graft versus host disease and after about 100 days of this devastating medical condition, you can get what's called chronic graft versus host disease which is also steroid refractory. So, those are two separate entities. And then, there is also first-line acute graft versus host disease when patients are treated for the first time before they become refractory to steroids. And then, there is a fourth potential entity where you can actually think about prophylaxing for the condition in people post allogeneic bone marrow transplant who had high risk to develop graft versus host disease. So, all four of those are being considered. What I said in my earlier comments with ruxolitinib that the data published last year in Leukemia and presented at ASH, they have presented, if you will, proof-of-concept data for ruxolitinib in both of the first two entities, steroid-refractory acute and steroid-refractory chronic graft versus host disease. So, those are the likely areas of the development for ruxolitinib. And then for 39110, we would be considering the other entities. And that's where we are at the moment. And I hope that answers your question.
Unknown Speaker: Just a quick follow-up. Does the Novartis deal preclude from moving forward with 110 in those earlier settings? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, it does not.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Ying Huang - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have one for housekeeping question. Does your Jakafi revised guidance for 2016 include any pricing increase for the rest of the year? And then secondly, how important is the second-line CML indication for Iclusig in Europe for you in terms of decision making in license their rights? Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: So, it's Barry. Obviously, we took price increase on April 1, and we don't really discuss our pricing strategy going forward after that.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, let me take that one on the second-line indication. The way our deal is constructed in fact makes it such that it works with and without the second-line indication. It works differently with the current indications that we have. And Iclusig is growing relatively fast in Europe, it's still in the launch  prelaunch mode in many of the countries as it is being reimbursed. And assuming there is no second-line indication, it will give us enough resources to cover the costs of the infrastructure. If we get the second-line indication, it's going to trigger our milestone payments as we have discussed and it's going to obviously increase the potential top line and it would be an upside to the base case, but both base case and the upsize case reaching our strategic objective which is to get the team in Europe to be self-funded in some way.
Ying Huang - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thanks, Herv. And then, if I may just squeeze in one follow-up on the data release. So, it doesn't sound like you guys have any significant update at ASCO, should we assume the next meaningful update for epacadostat at ESMO?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, it's Steven. So, you're right in that we are leading to the second half and we can't comment on what will be at ESMO until the abstracts are released, but that is the second half of the year is where we're targeting presenting more data.
Ying Huang - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ian Somaiya with BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, this is Nathan for Ian. Thanks for taking the question. So, starting off with the ARIAD deal, how should we think about the buyback contingency plan within the deal? And then, could you comment on any tax implications of the deal and whether you may be able to see any tax advantages from an EU operations perspective? And then, I have a question on the pipeline.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. I'll take the buyback. I mean obviously, you can  you'll realize, and I think it's very rational that it was very important to ARIAD because in their overall strategic approach to the company which is basically we group resources in the U.S. territory. It makes sense to have this transaction about the European business done because it will reduce their spending and it just happened and it's also a very good deal from our side for all the reasons that we have discussed. So, I think it's a case of complementarity. And then, came this issue of what if somebody is willing to acquire ARIAD, so it's based on the charge of control of ARIAD, and is interested in the European business. So, we came up with this buyback option that is part of our agreement and the buyback option is obviously responding to their needs and is built in such a way where there is timing, so it can happen basically between three year and six year of that (44:45) signature of the deal. So, it gives us a certain amount of time to get prepare for that in case it were to happen, and it's based on financial terms that have been discussed, where there would be all the milestones that have been paid plus additional milestone based on the past 12 months of sales plus forward royalties of 20% to 25%. So, in some way, it was sort of meeting everybody's needs where there is a delay of a number of years, it's still allowing a potential buyer of ARIAD to have access to Iclusig, and it's giving us financial condition that would be certainly somewhat favorable. So, that's how it was built, and I think it's meeting everybody's needs in this transaction.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On your second question, it's Dave, on the tax, there will be some tax efficiency because ARIAD does have some net operating losses that we will carry forward to us on the acquisition of the entity. And to the extent that the profits that this enterprise creates in the future are enough to offset the NOLs, we do have some NOLs in our entity that we started in Switzerland, so there is some tax efficiency that will be  that will benefit from by this acquisition.
Unknown Speaker: Great. And then, on the pipeline, can you help us understand, how your early-stage oncology portfolio fits together and how you plan to develop these drugs, and what data you have generated so far that could help direct development of combinations within the pipeline? Thank you.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Hi. This is Reid. Thanks for the question. So, as we've brought forward discovery programs and now into early development programs over the last four years to five years, there has been a concerted effort by the team to build and nucleate around certain aspects of the portfolio. One of those is really around JAK inhibition where we've had, I think, a long-standing leadership position beginning with ruxolitinib and baricitinib in JAK1 and JAK2 inhibition, but now more recently into more evolved profiles like JAK1 selective inhibition. Those agents with, I think, clear opportunity in hematologic malignancies offer us the opportunity to build around them and bring forward other agents which are very interesting in their own right and have their own potential development programs, but also leverage the JAK inhibitor space. And one example of that is PI3K, and we've presented over the years a lot of the pre-clinical data and even some clinical data last year at ASCO that helps to reinforce the interest in that particular doublet, and that will be one that we continue to explore in the clinical setting. Beyond just JAK1 and delta, it's also given us the opportunity to bring forward mechanisms like PIM inhibition which really works as it correlate to delta inhibition, they are active on the exact same pathway and are sort of reciprocally regulated. And so, a PIM inhibitor in our portfolio makes a lot of sense and would allow us to do interesting things in the combinations base, again much of which we've presented over the years publicly. And finally, LSD1 and BRD, two epigenetic mechanisms both with a potentially important role in leukemias and potentially also in lymphoma for BRD again just build around that portfolio philosophy quite well. And the exact same thing is happening on the immuno-oncology side. Again, they are nucleated around IDO inhibition where we now have brought forward our first GITR agonist, soon an OX40 agonist and also in licensed a PD-1 inhibitor, and from a small molecule side began to explore some very novel biology around JAK and PI3-kinase delta inhibition on modulating the local inflammatory environment to provoke immune cell function. So, I think that you can look at our portfolio and hopefully see that around targeted therapies and immunotherapies, there is actually a very strong effort to bring forward mechanisms, which not only have their own potential monotherapy approaches, but also very much leveraged the adjacent molecules in our portfolio. And the idea frankly is to create a portfolio where the value and the totality is much greater than the simple some of the parts.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks for the color and congrats on the deal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick clarification question for Barry on the volume growth of Jakafi in the quarter. I think the slide says 13% growth. You autobold in your scripts 7% quarter-on-quarter growth, was there also some inventory stocking going on?
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: No, the slides are referring to millions of dollars, so it's $13 million one way, $12 million the other way.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: (49:56) Thank you. And...
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: So, a 7% demand growth, I should say, as I said in the script.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, maybe for Steven, as you think about making a go, no-go decision and something like lung cancer for epacadostat, I think you've committed doing that before year end. Do you need to see the data from the ongoing PD-1 studies and first-line lung cancer given maybe dynamic nature of that tumor type?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Eric, Yeah, it's Steven. Thanks for your questions. So, again, 600 patients, 13 histologies, we'll have data availability across the second half of this year, and lung is one of those histologies where we will be looking closely and making decisions based on data. I  in terms of your question where we need to see first-line data to make decisions, to be honest here, it would be helpful. But I don't think we have enough historical controls and enough date already across many, many agents that I think we have to be able to make rational comparisons using things like response rate, so it's not an absolute.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi there. Just strategically, I was wondering if you could kind of compare contrast the idea of acquiring ARIAD versus perhaps doing an acquisition like this, and might this be part of a longer-term strategy with respect to acquiring ARIAD? And any tax implications too would be helpful. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, I mean you have to do  to put it from our needs standpoint. I mean we have already a very large portfolio of projects in our pipeline. I think we have a strong discovery team for small molecule. It has been very productive over a number of years. So, our discussions were very much about what we need and we don't have, which is an organized European platform with infrastructure with medical team across the different countries, commercial team, and market access. I think it just happened that it was strategically something that ARIAD was interested in discussing for the reason I was explaining. And I think for the reason they have also communicated this morning that they are trying to concentrate their resources into U.S. to be ready to not only grow Iclusig, but also some of the pipeline products that may be coming soon. And that's where the discussion was centered, in fact. So, I see it as a deal that has a lot of win-win qualities for both organization and where we get really what we were looking for, which is related to our European infrastructure and being able to maximize our products there.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. And then, just a technical question, you mentioned amortizing the product rights for Iclusig, what period of time should we think about that over?
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That will be over  it's Dave speaking. Liisa, it will be over the life of the patent, and it will straight line.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: And when do the patents end, can you remind us your assumptions are there?
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The patents end in 2026.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, if you could just comment at all on  I know Concert put forward this oral JAK molecule that's (53:45) for alopecia, can you comment on any IP and kind of plus minus benefits on topical versus oral for that alopecia indication? And that's my final question. Thank you.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Sure, Liisa. This is Reid. Just  so on the IP side, so our patent applications for ruxolitinib do disclose an embodiment that includes all isotypes  isotopes of atoms occurring in the compounds for the invention, and that specifically includes isotypes (sic) (isotopes) (54:18) of hydrogen such as tritium and deuterium. So, we're very confident in the patent, at this state, we have around ruxolitinib. And we'll clearly look to protect that if it makes sense. In terms of the oral versus topical, we're doing a study right now with topical ruxolitinib, so we'll answer that question clinically in terms of how that formulation looks in that method of delivery relative to oral therapy. Obviously, on any oral therapy particularly in a condition like this one has to be particularly cautious around safety implications in this sort of a disease, and that's really what drove our interest in the topical formulation. And there's a considerable proportion of the patient population where a topical formulation could address the significant unmet need. Obviously, an oral therapy could be more appropriate for much more widespread disease and maybe effective there but it has to be balanced with the safety risk that come from oral JAK inhibition in those types of patients.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ren Benjamin with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon  good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess just one for me regarding the ECHO-301 study. Can you just talk a little bit about obviously the co-primary endpoints. Do both need to hit for an application or is there a potential strategy for  if you get the PFS first and application going in and waiting for the OS, or how are you thinking about it?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Ren, it's Steven. The ECHO-301, as you  the Phase 3 in first-line melanoma does have co-primary end points of progression-free survival and overall survival, and it doesn't have to be both. We could fall with a benefit in either. So, that's why we estimate data availability in 2018, and obviously that's based on the PFS endpoint.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then, maybe just going back to the ARIAD deal real quick, how many countries is Iclusig approved in, and as part of the strategy to either expand further in terms of building sales forces in individual countries?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I can speak with the territories that we have organized this transaction around. So, it's approved at the European Union level, so that's where the technical approval is taking place. And then, there is a reimbursement that is done country by country. So, in term of the European Union, the reimbursement is obtained now in some of the large counties like Germany, but it still work  and Italy, which is obviously a very fast-growing country for Iclusig. But it's still not fully obtained, as you know, in France, there is a situation where you can have an ETU, you can basically sell the product before it is fully reimbursed but there is a clawback that is taking place at the time of reimbursement, and it's anticipating  anticipated to be happening relatively soon. And some of the other countries are still in the process of getting reimbursement, inside the EU. And then, in our agreement, there are countries outside of the European Union, like Russia is one of them, where we will have to find a partner which is probably what we will be doing to go through the entire process of approval and reimbursement.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Berens with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Andrew Scott Berens - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Two questions, one on epacadostat and then one on Iclusig. As we prepare for the PFS data in melanoma later this year, I guess the first quarter of next year, how should we think about the benchmark commercially for the combination therapy, not just versus Keytruda but also maybe some of the other data that are out there for combination IO therapy?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Hi, Andrew. It's Steven. So, just to be clear, so we  the ECHO-301 PFS data will be most likely 2018. Later this year, as I said earlier, we hope to be able to update our Phase 1 data that we presented at SITC and SMR last year. We'll have enough additional scan data to update that. In terms of the benchmarks, obviously, there is regulatory and then there is the clinical benchmark and you alluded to the latter. From a regulatory point of view, we will have to beat the labeled pembrolizumab monotherapy PFS of around six months, but the de novo of AP (59:23) clinical benchmark in the same setting is around 11.5 months, So, those are the sort of numbers we're thinking off. And then, there is a bunch of new answers around PD-L1 positivity, et cetera, which can come in. You just have to be really careful that you compare in an apple-to-apple in terms of the data sets and the staining that you're using. But we think about it mostly in terms of those two numbers I just alluded to.
Andrew Scott Berens - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And we're not going to get any of the PFS data from the Phase 1, Phase 2 trial? I had thought that we are expecting at the end of this year maybe.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: No. You are correct. We will have updates on the scans available to us in appreciable amounts sometime in the second half of this year and we hope to be able to present it to you, that is our intent.
Andrew Scott Berens - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So, we will see PFS from that trial?
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Andrew Scott Berens - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then in terms of Iclusig, guys, those of us who don't cover ARIAD, think about modeling the EU opportunity, have they experienced any reference pricing in Germany yet and what's the status in UK with these assessment?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, maybe I can take some of that. So, in Germany, the price went through the entire review and is a price study approved by the government. In the UK, most of the usage is funded through the cancer fund. So, it's not a nice reviewed kind of situation, it's a cancer fund. Remember, it's a relatively rare form of CML because the product is approved for two groups of patients, the one who are resistant or refractory or intolerant to nilotinib or Sprycel, and a group of patients with 315i mutation. And the 315i mutation is relatively rare in the first-line setting, but the incidents of 315i mutation is increasing with the lines of treatments that you are receiving. So, it becomes more and more frequent on the smaller number of patients, as patients are going from first-line to second-line to third-line. So, in the UK, it's going through the cancer fund. In Germany, it went through the entire process. It's ongoing in France. And we are anticipating  or ARIAD is anticipating the resolution of the negotiation in France. It's already approved and reimbursed in Italy, and the other countries are still in the reimbursement process now.
Andrew Scott Berens - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we are out of time for questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Hoppenot for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Yes, thank you. Thank you all for your time today and for your questions. I think it's a day today where we're sure that we have made three bigger steps for a while. I mean, one is obviously the growth of Jakafi in the U.S. because it's important to see that now we are a year after the launch in PV, and we are still growing very dynamically with both in PV and in MF. I mean, we spoke about second big step which is a progress of our pipeline, we are planning to initiate two pivotal study soon or over the next few months with epacadostat in first-line melanoma and with ruxolitinib in GVHD, and I think it's really important. And as you see, the third big step was now establishing Incyte firmly as a transaction-fee company with an organization in Europe. And as I said at the beginning, our goal with that organization is really to narrow the powerful and successful organization that we have in the U.S. with established now five years or six years ago, and be able to make sure that we maximize our launches when our products are maturing, and also grow Iclusig that has a lot of potential to grow as it's still in a phase of the launch that is relatively early. So, I think, it was a very exciting few weeks and months for us in the beginning of the year, and I'm looking forward to sharing our progress with you later this year or with Q2 call by midyear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co. Carter Gould - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC Christopher Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Joseph R. Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. It is now my pleasure to introduce your speaker, Mr. Michael Booth. Thank you, you may begin.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today will be made available for download on the Investor section of incyte.com following the call. Speaking on today's call will be Herv Hoppenot, our CEO, who will begin with a strategic review and highlight our progress during the last 12 months; and then Barry Flannelly, who leads our U.S. organization, will provide a commercial update on Jakafi. Rich Levy, who is in charge of Incyte's drug development activities, will give a brief update on our clinical progress, and Dave Gryska, our CFO, will summarize our fourth quarter and full-year 2015 financial results. Dave will also outline our financial guidance for 2016. We'll then open up the call for Q&A, for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer, and by Steven Stein, Chief Medical Officer. We'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2016 guidance, the commercialization of Jakafi and our development plans for the compounds in our pipeline. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, and from time to time in our other SEC documents. I'd now like to pass the call to Herv for some introductory remarks. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to participate in our call today. First, let me briefly cover the disappointing news we announced this morning that we are discontinuing our ongoing studies of ruxolitinib in solid tumors. This decision was driven by the discontinuation of the JANUS 1 trial and the High CRP sub-study of sub-colorectal cancer Phase II study. Both of these studies were stopped early because interim analysis, efficacy analysis did not warrant their continuation. There were no new safety signals, but we saw no separation of the survival curves, and Rich will provide more detail on subsequent actions later in our presentation. It is also important to appreciate that this decision has no impact on our ongoing or completed studies of JAK inhibition in hematology or on our other ongoing studies of JAK1 inhibition in solid tumor which are based on different scientific hypotheses and will continue exactly as planned. Moving now to slide 5, and as we look at the bigger picture we can see a year of significant progress. On the strategic side, we signed two very important early-stage collaborative agreements which provide us with large molecules to further expand our immuno-oncology development pipeline. The antibody discovery alliance with Agenus has already been very productive. We expect to initiate clinical trials of our anti-GITR agonist antibody in the next few months. This is the first of several antibody candidates that we expect to emerge from the alliance with Agenus. We also in-licensed the clinical stage PD-1 antibody from Hengrui and dose escalation is already underway. Incyte Europe is now well-established and we already have a team of medical oncologists and clinical development professionals in our office in Geneva, from where we will conduct our European clinical development operations. On the commercial side, Jakafi momentum in the U.S. and globally remains strong. The launch in PV has been a success, delivering significant growth to our top line. And we are confident that Jakafi will reach a peak of $1.5 billion in MPNs alone in the U.S. On the clinical side, baricitinib has delivered outstanding Phase III data in RA and the regulatory applications for approval in the U.S. and EU has been submitted by Lilly. We also made the decision with Merck to move epacadostat into Phase III development in first-line melanoma in combination with pembrolizumab. We have a robust and diverse portfolio of clinical opportunities, and it is this that made the recent result from ruxolitinib in solid tumor, while disappointing, less significant to our long-term value-creation plans. So financially, on slide 6, financially ruxolitinib provides Incyte with a steady growth driver and enables us to invest across the portfolio. In Q4 2015 we recorded $182 million in net product revenues from Jakafi and $24 million from Jakavi royalties from Novartis. This represents annual growth rate of 72% and 62% respectively. The revenue chart on the right, with Jakafi revenue in the orange bar and Jakavi royalties in the yellow bar, shows very significant growth rates for product now in its fifth year of commercialization. Total end-user fills of Jakafi and Jakavi combined reached over $1 billion worldwide in 2015. And Jakafi is patent-protected for at least the next 10-plus years. We also expect baricitinib to provide us with a second significant source of revenue. All four Phase III studies met their primary end points, and Lilly has now submitted both the NDA in the U.S. and the MAA in Europe. These regulatory submissions have triggered $35 million and $20 million milestone payment to Incyte from Lilly that we expect to recognize in full in Q1 2016. Furthermore, and illustrating the financial potential of our agreement with Lilly, additional milestones of $100 million will become due if baricitinib is approved in the U.S. and of $65 million if baricitinib receives a positive opinion from the European regulators. If approved, Lilly expects to launch baricitinib in early 2017, and Incyte will also be eligible for tiered double-digit royalties on Lilly's global net sales of baricitinib, which run from 20% to 29%. Before I close my quick review I want to highlight the depth of Incyte's drug development program. In the last two years we have significantly expanded our development portfolio. In 2014 we had a portfolio that included six molecules against four different targets. We now have a portfolio of 13 development molecules against 10 different targets. Our biology and medicinal chemistry teams are continuing our in-house discovery work, and we expect our portfolio to continue to grow as we seek to bring innovative medicines to patients in need. With that, I'll pass to Barry for a little more commercial detail.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Jakafi had an excellent fourth quarter and concluded an excellent year for the brand. Net product revenue from Jakafi during the fourth quarter of 2015 was $182 million, an increase of 72% over Q4 2014. For the full year, Jakafi sales were $601 million, an increase of 68% over 2014. These growth rates are the result of our robust launch in polycythemia vera and continued strong growth in the number of patients treated for myelofibrosis. Let me share a couple of data points with you on slide 11. You can see that the awareness of Jakafi as an FDA-approved treatment for PV is very high. Awareness jumped rapidly after FDA approval, and it has remained high in our latest market research data. The middle panel shows the total number of physicians who have prescribed Jakafi for PV. This number continues to grow as we continue our educational efforts. We also believe that the duration of therapy is longer for PV-treated patients than for MF patients. The total number of new and ongoing patients on Jakafi for both indications continues to increase. And this accumulation of patients on Jakafi therapy, together with the 10-plus years of patent life remaining, offers a compelling long-term growth driver for Incyte. Today we confidently provide Jakafi net product revenue guidance for 2016 of $800 million to $815 million. I'll now pass the call to Rich for a clinical update.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Barry. In the next three slides I'll highlight the key clinical updates. The hypothesis that JAK inhibition may have therapeutic utility in patients with solid tumors and high levels of systemic inflammation was initially supported by the results of the RECAP study, a Phase II randomized double-blind trial that suggested a survival benefit in a planned, subgrouped analysis of patients with high CRP levels. As a result, we and the broader scientific community believed further study was warranted in pancreatic cancer and in other solid tumors with evidence of systemic inflammation. Unfortunately, the larger studies that we carried out did not confirm the hypothesis. Both JANUS 1, our pivotal study of ruxolitinib pancreatic cancer patients, and the High CRP substudy of ruxolitinib in colorectal cancer patients were stopped early because of lack of efficacy. We have therefore decided to stop all ongoing clinical trials that are based on the systemic inflammation hypothesis. These trials include the Phase III JANUS 2 study of ruxolitinib pancreatic cancer as well as the Phase II studies of ruxolitinib in breast and lung cancer. We've also decided to discontinue the dose escalation trial of 39110, our selective JAK1 inhibitor, in pancreatic cancer as well as the companion substudy of ruxolitinib in colorectal cancer in patients with Low CRP. We intend to present the data from these studies starting later this year. Ongoing studies of ruxolitinib in selective JAK1 inhibitors in hematology indications will continue. Ongoing studies of selective JAK1 inhibition in solid tumor indications that are based on different hypotheses will also continue. These include a series of combination studies evaluating Incyte's 39110 with either pembrolizumab, Merck's anti PD-1 antibody; epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor; or Incyte's 50465, our PI3K inhibitor, to assess the therapeutic utility of JAK1 inhibition based on its effects on intertumoral immunity. Additionally, the potential impact of JAK1 inhibition on improving the benefit of targeted therapies will be investigated through a Phase I/II study of 39110 plus osimertinib, AstraZeneca's next-generation EGFR inhibitor. We're also continuing Incyte-sponsored studies of ruxolitinib in MPNs and investigator-sponsored trials in a range of hematologic and solid tumors. We're also continuing with the development of topical ruxolitinib in alopecia areata and our study of JAK1 inhibitor 39110 in graft versus host disease. Finally, it's important to emphasize that all our commercial activities with Jakafi and all investigational activities with Jakafi outside of systemic inflammation hypotheses are completely unaffected by this morning's announcement. Moving now to slide 15, Incyte is and remains a leader in IDO1 inhibition, and ECHO, the epacadostat development program, continues to advance. During the second half of 2015, and based on response rate data emerging from the dose escalation phase of the epacadostat plus pembrolizumab trial, we and Merck decided to initiate a first Phase III trial of the combination in first-line advanced or metastatic melanoma. Emerging data from the dose escalation cohorts reinforce our confidence in the activity of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in first-line melanoma, and we expect a Phase III trial to begin in the next few months. Melanoma is the only tumor type where we currently possess sufficient data to make a go-forward decision. We are now in the process of recruiting hundreds of patients into the Phase II dose expansion cohorts of the ongoing combination trials with PD-1 and PD-L1 targeted agents. These trials are being conducted at the recommended Phase II dose and in a total of 13 different tumor types. By the end of 2016 we expect to have recruited approximately 600 patients across these studies and expect that these emerging data will provide us with the information we need to enable decisions on next steps beyond melanoma. We expect to provide updates in melanoma and in other tumor types starting in the second half of 2016, but note that these Phase II studies are single-arm studies and that we may be in a position to make a decision at any time to move forward in other indications depending upon the evolving data. As you can see on slide 16, the GITR and LSD1 programs are the latest additions to our development portfolio. And given that both INDs were cleared by the FDA, we expect both to enter clinical trials in the first half of 2016. Everything is on track with both programs. Dose escalation trials of FGFR, BRD, PD-1, and PIM programs are also progressing as planned. We look forward to providing initial clinical data from 50465, our second-generation PI3K inhibitor, during 2016. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave for an update on our financials.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rich. For the fourth quarter of 2015 recorded net product revenues from Jakafi of $182 million and royalties from Novartis of $24 million. Total revenue in the fourth quarter amounted to $244 million, which included $35 million in milestone payments from Novartis. For the full-year 2015, we recorded net product revenues from Jakafi of $601 million and royalties from Novartis of $75 million. Total revenue for the full-year 2015 amounted to $754 million, which was a record for our company. R&D expense for the fourth quarter was $117 million and $480 million for the full-year 2015. SG&A during the fourth quarter was $52 million and $197 million for the full-year 2015. We ended the year with $708 million in cash and cash equivalents. Turning now to guidance, which assumes no strategic transactions during 2016, for the full-year 2016 we expect net product revenues from Jakafi to be in the range of $800 million to $815 million. With respect to contract revenue, we have recognized $55 million in aggregate milestone payments from Lilly in the first quarter of 2016 which, when added to the $13 million we expect to recognize over the year related to the amortization of the upfront payment from Lilly, results in a total of $68 million of contract revenue so far this year. 2016 guidance for R&D expense is between $620 million and $640 million, including non-cash expense, with approximately $55 million to $60 million related to the impact of employee equity awards. For SG&A expenses, 2016 guidance is between $255 million to $270 million, including non-cash expense of approximately $30 million to $35 million related to the impact of employee equity awards. Overall, we expect 2016 to be a break-even year on a GAAP basis. Our final slide presents our anticipated news flow for 2016. Lilly has already submitted the NDA and the MAA for baricitinib and we expect to see continued growth from both Jakafi and Jakavi through the year. In the next few months we expect initiation of the GITR and LSD1 programs and also the initiation of the Phase III trial of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in first-line advanced melanoma. We expect to deliver initial results from 50465, our PI3K inhibitor, in the first half of 2016. Looking further into 2016, we expect to be able to deliver additional data from epacadostat plus PD-1 and PD-L1 combinations as well as initial data from our FGFR and BRD inhibitors. Operator, that concludes our formal remarks. Please open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Hi, guys. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. First on the guidance, I might have thought that shutting down the JAK and solid tumors program might have given you a little bit of a break on the growth of R&D but we recognize you have several other programs ongoing, including epacadostat. Just trying to get a sense for whether or not or to what extent there's any of the existing JAK1 and JAK2 trials still in that R&D guidance and whether or not that would be  your R&D guidance is aggressive or conservative. And then if I'm allowed I have a pipeline follow-up. Thanks.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Matt. That's a great question. This is Dave. Our guidance includes the results from today's press releases. When you look at our guidance in terms of R&D expense, there's a lot things going on in our pipeline, a lot of value to be built for shareholders, and we believe that the guidance is appropriate and the investments we're making in the pipeline that Rich talked about today are right in line to where we have to go for our long-term plans. So there is no, I would say, conservatism in that number. It's a number that we looked at and we thought is about appropriate for where the year is going to be.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks for that clarity. And then on the pipeline side, specifically on the IDO program, we understand that you guys want to present results when you have a certain critical mass of data. But we also know that these are open-label studies and you can probably have a sense of what you're seeing along the way. So can you just talk in very general terms about whether or not the emerging data up until today still support the initial conclusions you've drawn on IDO and checkpoint combos in terms of efficacy and safety? And then related, Rich, if you could just amplify your prepared comments on the triggers for starting additional Phase III studies. Just curious if there's competition between your collaborators about getting into lung cancer first, and at this point whether or not you would be able to rule in or rule out starting a Phase III in lung this year. Thanks.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Matt. So in terms of the data, let's first deal with melanoma. So as I said in my prepared remarks, the emerging data in melanoma remains consistent with what we've presented before and continues to support our conclusions both in terms of efficacy and safety. And we remain fully confident in our decision to start the Phase III study in melanoma with Merck within the next few months. With respect to decisions on other programs, as you know we have very little data in any of the other tumor types, none of which was able to allow us to make a decision based on the dose escalations in the Merck study or, for that matter, in any of the other studies. We're going to be enrolling a total of about 900 patients. We expect to enroll about 600 of them this year in the 13 different tumor types. And it doesn't mean that we need to get to the end and have scans on 600 patients to 900 patients. What that trigger will be will depend upon the data in terms of relative response rates and other information that we have. So in no sense are we saying that there's no trigger for a Phase III this year, but we're also saying that there's not enough data to present or submit abstracts to scientific meetings that will occur within the first half of 2016. I can't really comment specifically on competition between the companies, but it is clear that it is not one or two companies that have interest in things like lung cancer and other tumor types.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for the added color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to get a sense of the Q4 organic growth. So if you exclude the price increase and just maybe give us a sense of inventory here. And then when you look out to 2016, what's the contribution from PV versus existing MF demand? And then I just have a follow-up on the JAK1 studies.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Hi, Salveen. This is Barry. So getting to Q4 first, so we took a 4% price increase at the end of September, so that's built into it. But we really  our demand  our inventory remains constant at about three weeks. So there wasn't a big inventory build in the fourth quarter, so you can figure out what the rest of the demand is for Q4. And then for the rest of the year...
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: For 2016, just in terms of contribution from the PV ramp versus MF demand.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Okay. So PV patients, as we know, continue to grow rapidly. At a certain point very soon, new PV patients will exceed myelofibrosis patients. But we have a very big base of myelofibrosis patients that continue to stay on therapy. So MF will continue to contribute to the top line, and PV patients will eventually  and PV sales  will eventually exceed the MF sales that we have now.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then  sorry about that. But finally, just in solid tumors, we recognize that JAK1 studies are based on immune-modulating hypothesis, and that's different from the high-inflammation hypothesis for Jakafi. But do you have any thoughts on potential read-through here in the solid tumor setting?
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Hi, Salveen. This is Reid. It's a good question, and the quick answer is no, we don't. The RECAP trial and now the broader  that led to the broader JANUS program and solid tumor program involving ruxolitinib was really focused on a unique and novel patient selection approach around elevated CRP. And as Rich and Herv outlined, unfortunately those studies did not meet our expectations. But beyond that in a very distinct way our efforts with JAK1 inhibition, both with eGFR combinations and with PI3K combinations, are really built upon a very different hypothesis, namely that JAK-STAT signaling plays an oncogenic role, a cooperative oncogenic role and can offset the activity of otherwise effective targeted therapies, be they inhibitors of the eGFR kinase in lung cancer or in lymphomas, inhibitors downstream of a B cell receptor. Separate from that is the emerging role that JAK1 inhibition can play in modulating intertumoral immunity. Again, a very different approach, a very different suite of combinations that we're initiating both with IDO1 and delta as well as with pembrolizumab. And of course, that's going to be in a very different set of tumor histologies, ones that generally are viewed as immune-responsive and therefore histologies that might be able to provide us an actionable signal. So I don't think there's any read-through, and I think it's very important to contrast the mechanistic differences between the various aspects of the JAK inhibitor portfolio.
Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Reid.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Barclays.
Carter Gould - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. This is Carter on for Geoff. Thanks for taking our questions. First on epacadostat, I appreciate the earlier color on your plans to report out data in 2016. Just wanted to clarify, should investors expect clinical data from each of the remaining PD-1/PD-L1 combination studies in 2016? And then real quickly for Dave and Barry on the SG&A guide, obviously we saw SG&A reset higher following the PV approval but we're still looking for 2016 at a pretty good growth clip, 30% plus, when I think both (27:24  27:29). Can you maybe talk about the projected drivers for that spend in 2016? Thank you.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Hi. So it was a little bit hard to hear. There was a lot of static on the line. But with respect to the data from the epacadostat trials in 2016, I don't specifically know yet whether every one of the four collaboration trials will have data in the second half of 2016. We used the word that we would be starting to present data in the second half of 2016. But until we see how those studies enroll and whether the data gives a clear picture, we don't know that all of them will come out in the second half of 2016.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi. It's Dave. On the question on the SG&A guidance, it's a mix of many different things for this year. There is a slight element in there for our work that we're doing in Europe in building that out as well as what we're doing here in the U.S. to build out further Barry's team and some more marketing expenses, plus some G&A expenses. So we're getting ready for our growth in the future years, we're making some investments this year. And I think right now, as we look at it, it's right in line with our expectations for the year.
Carter Gould - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with Jefferies.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. A couple of questions on epacadostat. You discussed the melanoma Phase III trial design in your slide deck. Wonder if you could expand on that a little bit more in terms of potential size, timing, costs there, whether this is  one single Phase III would be sufficient, and clarify that that will not have a CTLA-4, PD-1 control arm. And then separately, I know we're expecting to see data from several other companies, combination studies with multiple checkpoints this year. I'm curious if there's any preclinical data or clinical plans to test epacadostat on top of multiple checkpoints. Thanks.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Ryan. So with respect to the Phase III melanoma design, we're not going to get very specific about this until we post the results on clinicaltrials.gov a little bit later in the year. I will say, however, that what we have guided to is that the study will be epacadostat plus pembrolizumab versus a control of pembrolizumab alone. The study will be typical for Phase III studies, but I can't  in terms of size and cost. Of course, that cost will be shared 50/50 with Merck. And in terms of combinations of a number of our drugs in our portfolio which have immunologic approaches, which is by no means limited to epacadostat, at this point we are interested and we have plans to start to study not only epacadostat with other drugs in our own portfolio as well as drugs in our own portfolio with PD-1s. And as our own portfolio matures, we do plan to look at combinations. But we don't have anything to announce at this point in time with respect to anything beyond what we've specifically guided to in the past. I don't know if Reid wants to add anything. Apparently not.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. I'll stick with the two-question theme here. So I guess first probably for Reid, in addition to your R&D event what can we be expecting at AACR in terms of potentially new data? And then I have a follow-up.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Thanks, Cory. So we'll have more to say about the presentations at AACR once titles and abstracts publish, which is a little bit later, in a few weeks. I think the theme will very much be similar to last year in the sense that we want to certainly ground people in the scientific rationale for the newest entrants into the portfolio. As Rich also mentioned, we're looking forward to being able to potentially share some 50465 data with you and provide a little bit more color on that program. I think it also gives us a time to just sort of step back, look at the portfolio and strategy as a whole and talk about what might be some of the emerging drivers within the development portfolio that are important for us and important for you to pay attention to. So a little bit early, but we'll have more to say over the next few weeks and as we get through the end of February.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then secondly for Jakafi in PV, now that you guys are a little over a year in the market, have you noticed the discontinuation rates and compliance basically tracking in line with what was observed in Phase III and should we kind of continue to model it that way? Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Thanks, Cory. It's Barry. So we've only really launched  we've only really had 12 months of data for Jakafi in polycythemia vera. I think we'll need at least 24 months, if not more, to really figure out what is the persistency-discontinuation rate. You know that patients stay on  you know from the RESPONSE study that at least 80% of patients stayed on for two years. Now we don't  we're not saying that that translates to what happens in every day treatment of these patients. But nevertheless it's certainly trending in the right direction, but we need more data in order to figure out what the median is for persistency.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Just two as well from me. Maybe first for Rich, going back to epacadostat in melanoma. I guess one of the criticisms of the SITC dataset was it was only 19 patients. With your new emerging data in this space, can you give us a sense of whether you're up to 25 patients, 30 patients, 35 patients when you now look at the totality of the data?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So the emerging data from the Merck dose-ranging study remains essentially those same number of patients but with additional scans on those patients. And that's part of the reason  so first, while we're not talking about the results of additional scans here, the ongoing result and more data on each patient continues to reinforce our prior decision. We are enrolling more melanoma patients into the expansion cohort, and that will contribute to future presentations of Phase II data in melanoma. But we have very little data in terms of results of scans on those Phase II patients from the expansion.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And then maybe one for Herv on baricitinib and the Lilly development program. It looks like they're going forward in atopic dermatitis. Are you going to be opting into that program? And maybe you can give us an update on any Eli Lilly plans to move forward in CKD?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I will let  Rich can give you details. But in general, we are at the stage where none of these decisions have yet been formalized. So, Rich, if you want to...
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So the way that we officially make decisions on buying in is we get the data from Phase II and  or proof-of-concept data from clinical trials and a cost and development plan, and then we decide whether to buy in. So in the case of atopic dermatitis, we think it's a very interesting indication. There are data with other JAK inhibitors that have been presented suggesting that this can be quite effective. But we would not necessarily need to buy into that until we actually see data with baricitinib in that indication. But when we see good data, we would tend to buy in. And with respect to the planned studies in diabetic nephropathy, we've seen the data from the Phase II and we are awaiting receipt of the buy-in package, which would also include the cost and design of the future studies. And we'll make the decision based on all the information when we have it.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions as well. First one I have on epacadostat development program. If you look across all the PD-1 or PD-L antibodies, there's some subtle difference in terms of their effect in the PD-L1 ligand expression, positive or negative. Have you gone back and conducted more analysis based on the collaboration data with Merck in melanoma? Do you see any difference in terms of, when you add IDO inhibitor into the PD-1, do you see any difference at all compared to monotherapy PD-1? And then the second question I have is you're getting up to speed in terms of developing GITR in clinics now. There are two or three other programs as well from Merck, from Bristol. Can you tell us if there's any difference at all between your program and the other programs based on the pre-clinical findings? Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Thanks for the questions. I'll try to take them both. So the first one with respect to PD-L1 testing, as you alluded to there are some differences. I would actually call them fairly significant differences between how the various PD-1, PD-L1 players try to quantify PD-L1 in the tumor microenvironment, very differences in terms of sustaining performance and whether you are quantifying L1 in a tumor cell or an immune cell. And this really leads to some pretty disparate results, as you alluded to, in terms of how those drugs perform in the various subgroups of patients. They're basically selecting in some cases quite different patients and then you have the whole other issue around tumor heterogeneity and whether a single section really gives you a faithful representation of what's PD-L1 positive and negative. All that being said, the translational components of our portfolio, of our programs with those collaborators are very important. We will be evaluating PD-L1 with each individual company's assay as part of the translational components of those programs and that could help us form a stronger opinion as to exactly how to select patients and which assays may be most appropriate for identifying patients more likely to respond to an IDO combination. Importantly, there's also a number of other assays that are being evaluated in those patient cohorts, including other means of assessing sort of the inflamed microenvironment and other indices that might better reflect sensitivity of patients. So that's an emerging dataset. We're not anywhere near presenting anything definitive yet, but it's an important work in progress. The second question you had was with respect to GITR. There are several GITR agonists in the clinic right now. You mentioned Merck, MedImmune AZ has a compound. I know another small company, GITR Inc., has a molecule. We know relatively little about the pre-clinical performance characteristics of those antibodies, how they are engineered  for example, the Fc backbone that they're on. And certainly we haven't seen any Phase I clinical data. And I think that's the key piece of information that we need to be able to evaluate those antibodies and their quality and development programs, and it's also the key piece of data that you should look for from us to be able to establish how we may be different. As we alluded to at JPMorgan, we have an IgG1 backbone on our GITR antibody. We think that's important to facilitate agonism on the effector T cell, to facilitate signaling in both Tregs as well as ADCC of the Tregs. And in our hands, that's a very important engineered part of the antibody. Whether or not others feel the same or have different views, we'll have to see as their data emerges and they make more disclosures around their programs.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Guggenheim Securities.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Back to the SITC data in melanoma, are the additional scans and perhaps a more robust net number of patients which are adding in the cohort setting, will that be the subject of data presented at AACR or is that a Merck decision? And second, if we actually think about your PD-1 inhibitor and the pathways in solid tumors obviously a very crowded market and a market where there is a considerable amount of dollars being spent, could you provide maybe some additional color around directionally where you want to take that? And I understand you could say, well, it's where the data are, except that you have a proxy or at least two proxies in the market of where that may be able to  for where you may be able to go. And I'm sorry, just finally on the duration, would you tell us the duration of Jakafi in both MF and PV today and whether that has changed? Thanks very much.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Hi. So this is Rich. I'll start. So with respect to the Merck melanoma data from the dose escalation cohort that was first presented at SITC, we have not submitted abstracts to any of the first half of 2015 meetings, but we do expect that we will most likely present updated data at one of the several options in the second half of the year. With respect to PD-1, I'll turn that over to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Maybe as a way to think about the PD-1 is obviously that there are a number of PD-1s that are in development. I think there are 10 of them, two of them are already approved, PD-1 or PD-L1. So the way we are looking at it when we did this agreement with Hengrui is that it would be a useful part of a combination strategy that involves mostly our early portfolio. So we are looking at immuno-oncology portfolio made of large molecule and small molecules and where we can see potentially from the emerging pre-clinical data that we have that some of this combination would include a PD-1. And that's really why we did the agreement that we did. The short-term Phase III program that we are discussing with epacadostat are already going to be done with our current partners. And then when we have established the efficacy and the safety of our own PD-1, we would be working maybe with our GITR or some of the other molecule that we have in our portfolio. So the past two registrations is really something that is going to be different maybe from what other competitors are looking at because we see it as more of a product that would be used for appropriate value combinations that we would be building in the future. Of the duration of treatment, as you know we have not discussed the PV or MF duration of treatment in practice because it's very difficult to establish. What we know and what we have said is that in PV we have clearly a longer persistency than what we have been observing in MF. Similar to what we have seen in the clinical trials where the duration of treatment was significantly longer in PV. As Barry was saying, if you look at the median, we cannot speak about the median yet because it's still too early. It's only one year since we launched the product, but what we are expecting to see over the next 10 years you know as we are developing this MPN franchise is that the duration of treatment in PV would be longer and there would be an accommodation of patients as we have new patient flow that is now well established and where we have the existing patients staying on treatment for longer duration of time. But we have no number that we can really share with you.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you, Herv.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Marai with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. First, just a quick one, with respect to your 2016 breakeven guidance, does that include additional milestone payments beyond the $55 million or so expected to be recognized next quarter? And then, two, on your JAK PI3K programs, I was wondering how you're looking at potential registration paths forward there. Obviously PI3K inhibitors and JAK inhibitors, frankly, have been clinically validated. How do you look at really bringing this forward in the clinic? And in registrational trial would you look at perhaps indications where PI3K was disappointing and adding JAK1 would augment a response or offer synergistic response, or would you go after some greenfield opportunities? Thanks.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi. It's Dave. On your first question in terms of milestones, our guidance of breakeven assumes the milestones that I mentioned to you earlier in my script that we've received from Lilly, and then also the amortization of that $13 million item. So that's in the breakeven guidance. Thank you.
Steven H. Stein - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And then, Chris, it's Steven Stein answering your question related to JAK and PI3. In terms of JAK1s that are in development, we have obviously, as Rich presented, 39110 and then 52793. 39110 is about twentyfold more selective for JAK1 if you use rux as a reference. And as Rich presented, the areas we are interested in now are graft versus host disease. And then the combination study with the AstraZeneca third-generation osimertinib EGFR inhibitor, which is, as Reid presented, builds on a different hypothesis to the CRP one. So those are both areas that are potentially registration should the data support that. In terms of the PI3 program, you rightly point out this is a validated target. There's an approved product from Gilead that has indications in CLL in follicular lymphoma. We have selected our second compound there, 50465, because of its potency and to date relative differentiated in terms of its tolerability profile. And we're developing datasets in both heme malignancies and solid tumors, so we're interested in a single-agent PARP there potentially and in combinations in various of our combination studies. And to date it's early but we like the look of this compound.
Christopher Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then just on the combinations, again, would you be going after some of those opportunities that have been clinically validated, for instance, with Gilead's product and just looking to augment activity there, or would you be looking to go into sort of greenfield combo opportunities?
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Hi, Chris. This is Reid. So one of the hypotheses behind the development program with delta is to evaluate the combination potential with JAK1. Pre-clinically, that's quite a synergistic combination. We know a lot molecularly as to why that is, the B-cell receptor signaling feeds into the JAK-STAT pathway and the NF-kappaB pathway and there's a very productive autocrine loop that helps those cells to grow. And so it's an exciting thing to combine the two. We presented a little bit of data last year at ASCO in relapsed/refractory Hodgkin's lymphoma which I think speak to the combination potential of that doublet, and it's very much important in the program going forward once we establish the monotherapy safety and early signals of efficacy with 50465 to move into JAK1 doublets. So it's a very important part of our development program going forward. And I think as that data emerge, we'll certainly have hopefully more information to be able to share with you.
Christopher Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And one last left-field question here. Just given your expertise on medicinal chemistry at Incyte and recently bringing on a PD-1 from a collaborator, do you have any plans to develop an oral PD-1 agent? Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Chris, we don't really comment on our early discovery programs or what we're doing outside of the development portfolio. So I'm afraid I can't speak to that.
Christopher Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Skip Klein with Gauss Capital Advisors.
Joseph R. Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors LLC: Yeah. Thanks. I've broken I can't tell you the number of pencils trying to value baricitinib and I was wondering if you could help me out a little bit. Given the strong clinical package, would you think I was crazy if I argued that bari could be bigger than Jakafi in terms of peak sales? And then given the very rich deal that you have with Eli Lilly, would you think I was crazy if I argued that the NPV of baricitinib is greater than the royalty stream from Novartis on in Jakavi?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Herv here. So it's difficult to judge about being crazy or not. I mean the entire guidance on what baricitinib could be is really in the hands of Lilly. Now the comparison you are doing, I can say, I mean the royalty rates that we have on baricitinib and we speak about 20% to 29%  it's a tiered rate based on the sales worldwide  is higher than the royalty rates that we have on ruxolitinib from Novartis. But the base is also completely different because the Novartis deal is a deal that is ex-U.S. where in fact the baricitinib partnership with Lilly is worldwide. And I would argue that it's relatively obvious to everybody that the potential of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis is larger than what we have with our ruxolitinib in PV and MF. So when you look at the geography, when you look at the indication, and when you look at the royalty rate I would say it's not crazy to think that way. The overall potential of baricitinib in RA, frankly, is interesting because when you look at the clinical profile and the result of the clinical studies, the Phase III studies, the superiority to Humira, it is a product that in my opinion could be very successful in a market that is relatively large. So there is a lot of upside there certainly.
Joseph R. Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors LLC: Thank you very much for that. It looks like the market, Mr. Market is saying that $3 billion was the NPV of solid tumors for Jakavi, in rough terms. And I could  busted a lot of pencils, but mostly could only get to maybe $1 billion. So what explains the $2 billion extra deterioration in value that we're seeing today?
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I cannot  it's difficult for me to explain everything. I think it is a program  frankly, it's a program that we were optimistic about. I mean we were confident that the scientific hypothesis we were pursuing was certainly worth doing the studies that we did. So we have obviously the proof-of-concept in pancreatic cancer with RECAP and the confirming Phase III studies that we have done and in parallel evaluating in Phase II some other studies if it was also applicable outside of pancreatic cancer and lung and breast and colorectal cancer. So I guess it depends how  what probability of success people are attaching to each of these programs. From my standpoint, when I  reacting to the news today, I mean obviously there is a certain level of saying, oops, that's not that we were expecting. But at the same time I must say that as we see the dynamic of the entire development portfolio, it is a company that has today more opportunities for value creation in the future than we had just maybe two years ago because of the quality of the molecules that we are bringing. So it is now for us to do the work to get these products further advanced in the clinical setting, and I think what we will see is a number of opportunities to contribute to the top line over the next few years coming from our current portfolio that we have.
Joseph R. Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors LLC: Great. Merci beaucoup,  tout  l'heure.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Merci.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi there. Thanks for squeezing me in. A quick question. First just theoretically, as you think about what you've seen so far for rux in the solid tumor setting with respect to sort of the onco inflammation component, are you more pessimistic about your particular molecule, or do you think this whole concept perhaps is not what you thought it was? As we think about  there are some other people pursuing this approach as well. I was just curious about scientifically where you lie on that.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: This is Rich. So all I would say is that the two negative studies with ruxolitinib in pancreatic and colon were enough for us to also stop with our own JAK1 inhibitor. But we really can't comment on whether anybody else's molecules may have a different profile or not and whether they will succeed or not.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And maybe a supportive comment on that, to put some perspective on that. We get the top-line results from these studies. At the interim level, it was a primary endpoint is what we look at. And it's really a question of is there a chance for these studies to be positive as planned, and the answer was no. And that's why we decided to change the program. Now we will have a lot of data that will be analyzed over the next few months. And so I think to better answer your question of saying where was the sort of the problem between the hypothesis and the Phase III studies, I think at the end of the process, when we are able to analyze the data including the data in blood cancer, on lung cancer for the few patients we have in that study, I mean that will give us a better picture of exactly what is the situation there. I think today it was more a decision that was based on the fact that the chance of having a positive study at the end was in fact very, very, very low. And it was the right thing to do for patients and for investigators and the company to discontinue the program at this stage. So...
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just a couple of commercial questions. Can you give us any more details on the breakdown of sort of where things are right now with respect to MF versus PV? And then any gross to net info you can provide would be helpful.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Sure, Liisa. It's Barry. So in terms of  so MF, we still have a large number of patients and they continue on therapy for long periods of time. As I said before, we'll actually  PV sales will eventually outpace MF sales. In terms of gross to net, obviously we just  we have those discounts that everybody else has, and we're trying  we always try to maintain the value of the brand.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: So in Q1, though, the question is I suppose maybe you were getting at is that obviously we have a gross-to-net decline in Q1 just because 50% of our patients are Medicare patients and we have to close the donut hole. So we're picking up $1,800 or so of that cost for all patients in the donut hole. So that impacts our gross-to-net. And therefore, our growth from Q4 2015 to Q1 2016 could be impacted by a lower gross-to-net in the first quarter versus the rest of the year.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. And then just wanted to clarify, this is my last question, I think I heard Herv say MPNs could be $1.5 billion in the U.S. Was there some timeframe around that? Or maybe you could clarify, I wasn't completely sure if I heard it correctly.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, you heard correctly. In the U.S., MPNs, like MF and PV, that's the guidance we  the guidance is our long-term potential number that we gave a few months ago, a year and a half ago  six months ago, sorry. Six months ago. And basically it's reflecting two things. It's reflecting the fact that we are in a market that has a lot of potential. So the number of patients that could potentially be treated with ruxolitinib and where we are today gives us a lot of room to grow. We have also 10-plus years before the first possible patent expirations. So that gives us a long runway. As you see, I mean we are speaking of a guidance for next year that is north of $800 million. So the $1.5 billion is really reflecting the fact that we see long-term growth for this franchise in the U.S. in the current indication that is very possible. It's also an indication where in MF we have a low competitive situation in the long term. There are other products trying to be developed in MF, but it's not the most crowded market. And in PV in fact there are very few products that are developed for PV. So if you look forward over 10 years, what we are saying is that we see this franchise as one of the growth engine for the top line of the company. And the $1.5 billion is a way to calibrate a little bit for everybody what we have in mind.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ren Benjamin with Raymond James.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Sorry about the rux results in solid tumors, but congrats on a steady growth in MPNs. Two questions, just one maybe for Barry. Can you talk  I think you mentioned that there are about 1,250 or maybe 1,500 docs prescribing for PV. Can you give us a sense as to what the target number of docs may be to reach your peak numbers given the current script rate?
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Sure. I'm not sure it's about the total number of docs. We're very happy that more and more docs are prescribing Jakafi for PV, but it's really more about the number of patients that will benefit. So eventually we'll have all of the docs who see PV patients and MF patients prescribe Jakafi at some point, but it's really making sure that in fact we help them identify patients that are truly going to benefit.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: How may docs is that?
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Well, it's really the total number of oncologists and hematologists in the United States, which is probably about 8,000. It could be as many as 11,000, but about 8,000 practice. So...
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. I was just trying to get a sense is it following kind of like the 20/80 rule of 20% of the docs are giving out 80% of the scripts in an indication like PV.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: PV is a little bit different than lots of other tumors or lots of other cancers, and that includes MF patients, too, because each doc may have only one or two patients. So it's really about them identifying patients that could truly benefit from Jakafi.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And just one last question for Rich. The Phase III program with epacadostat, just given sort of the changing landscape in melanoma, can you just take us through the rationale of why you guys elected maybe not to run a non-inferiority study comparing epacadostat and Keytruda with Opdivo and Yervoy, for example?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So we agree that it's difficult to compare across studies, but based on the results that we had seen and presented at SITC and continues to be our belief, we feel that we have the ability to demonstrate that the combination of pembro plus epacadostat will both be better than pembro, which is the registration end point, as well as to be comparable in terms of efficacy to the published Phase III data and label data for nivo plus ipi. But we didn't feel that it was necessary to add a third arm to that study comparing to that other combination. And of course the emerging data indicates that the safety profile of epacadostat plus pembro is not very different than pembro alone, which is not the case for the combination of nivo plus ipi.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And if I can just sneak one in for Dave. I think Lilly mentioned that they're going to be filing in Japan in the next couple of months. Can you give us a sense as to the milestone you would expect from that filing?
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. We're not  with our Lilly agreement, not allowed to go there on that particular  if there's any milestone payment at all. I think an early question said what do you project for your milestones, and it was really an area that I gave in the script in terms of the two milestones we received from Lilly already in Q1 that I talked about plus a minor amount of amortization of $13 million.
Reni Benjamin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, guys. And good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Credit Suisse.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions, squeezing me in. Just maybe two quick ones. Just one, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about maybe the potential for combinations with like the bromodomains or the FGFR program that we may get data on throughout the year. And then also on the IDO, some of the newer ones that are much, much earlier stage that popped up. Just maybe help us think about like how those assets compare. Do you think that there's reasonable similarity? Just kind of help us think about how like some of the newer assets may fit, since you guys are the leader there. Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Thanks, this is Reid. So on your first question in terms of combinations with the early pipeline, as we spoke about a little bit last year at AACR, and we'll revisit this a little bit coming up again in April this year at the meeting, we sort of tried to construct a portfolio that has a pretty high combination coefficient. And that doesn't mean that that's the only development path that a molecule like the bromodomain inhibitor, for instance, could take. But it's certainly one that we want to explore early on in the development program, both as a way to broaden the opportunity space where we could take a mechanism like that but also to potentially increase the depth or breadth or durability of response. So those are all the key tenets behind why we're interested in combinations and why molecules like the bromodomain inhibitor or the PIM inhibitor or, honestly, the LSD1 inhibitor are particularly attractive as they sort of coalesce in our portfolio. On the IDO inhibitor front, in terms of the competition, we're very pleased at the competitive environment we have right now, which is still relatively open. We have a molecule from NewLink Genetics that is partnered with Roche, and we've seen a little bit of data on that molecule. And I'm sure we'll see other IDO inhibitors in the future, but those are all going to be relatively early stage. And I think we have a pretty wide competitive gap that we can leverage, especially as we work towards enrolling upwards of 600 patients in more actionable Phase II program across 13 histologies. So hopefully that competitive gap only increases and it's of course very difficult for me to comment on any of the other IDO inhibitors, particularly those that have yet to be in a clinic or show any clinical data that I can speak to cogently.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our last question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for the quick follow-up. I guess this one is for Dave. I know you've been working for a while on trying to figure out ways to moderate Incyte's future tax rate. If there's any update on that or when we might get an update on that would be much appreciated.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Eric. Thanks for the question. We'll give you an update towards the end of the year. I think there's another leg up that we're trying to work on with our infrastructure and our supply chain in Europe right now. And again we're working on that in terms of trying to manage that all through an international location. So by the end of the year we'll be able to give you more color on that.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you, everyone. Thank you for your time today and for your questions obviously. After what has been a very, very robust 2015, obviously now we are looking forward for a very busy and productive 2016. So thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP
Analysts: Carter Gould - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew Roden - UBS Securities LLC Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC Brittany R. Terner - JPMorgan Securities LLC Maury Raycroft - Jefferies, LLC Christopher N. Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations for Incyte. Please go ahead.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Diego. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call and webcast. The slides used today will be made available for download on the Investor section of incyte.com following the call. Speaking on today's call will be Herv Hoppenot, our CEO, who will begin with a few words highlighting our progress during the quarter, and then Barry Flannelly, who leads our U.S. organization, will provide a commercial update on Jakafi. Rich Levy, who is in charge of Incyte's drug development activities, will update you on our clinical programs, and then Dave Gryska, our CFO, will outline our third quarter financial results. We'll then open up the call for Q&A, for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer, and by Steven Stein, Chief Medical Officer. We'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2015 guidance, the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans for Jakafi and other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and from time to time in our other SEC documents. I'd like to now pass the call to Herv for some introductory remarks. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. And good morning, everyone. I believe that the third quarter of 2015 could be viewed as a period of transformational progress for Incyte. This belief is driven by two very important announcements we recently made on epacadostat and baracitinib, as these two assets have the potential to push Incyte forward on a global basis over the next several years. Science drives our success here at Incyte, and we aim to create values through the investment we make in innovation. This investment in innovation has already completed into a unique portfolio of exciting opportunities both in immuno-oncology and across our targeted therapies. There are currently 12 molecules in clinical development in our portfolio, and apart from the recently in-licensed PD-1 antagonist, all have been discovered in Incyte's laboratories. There are three main benefits that arise from this. Firstly, risk mitigation; having numerous molecules in development reduces our dependence on the success of any one of them. Secondly, our portfolio gives us significant combinatorial optionality. We can seek to develop our agents alone, as additions to standard of care and we can also seek to develop them in novel-novel combination. And thirdly, as we look further forward to the potential commercialization of our compound, we believe that the financial benefit to Incyte shareholders may be greater than industry norms because there's a relative lack of third-party payments. As we review our progress, since we spoke at the end of Q2 we have seen two landmark events in the ongoing transformation of Incyte. The first was the announcement with Merck of our plans to advance the combination of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab into Phase III development for the first line treatment of advanced metastatic melanoma. This trial is expected to begin in the first half of 2016. The expanded collaboration with Merck shares our financial burden and also demonstrate our shared confidence in the clinical program. This is a key landmark in the history of Incyte because this would be Incyte's first Phase III program for a compound for which we intend to keep global commercialization rights. The second landmark was a positive outcome of the baricitinib Phase III program with Lilly. The key announcement here was the bean (4:44) study with data showing oral baricitinib to be superior to Humira, the injectable form of care in controlling the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis. The third quarter was also very successful for us commercially, with Jakafi continuing to show strong growth, both from our continuing effort in MF as well as the ongoing launch in PV. Jakafi has fueled our business for the past four years and we expect this will continue for years to come, but Incyte is now entering a new phase in its evolution. We anticipate having a second variable source of income coming from baricitinib and we can see a path to registration for epacadostat. We also have a clinical portfolio that is rich in optionality and potential synergies. Combined, I think we can say that Incyte is now on a new track as we continue our transformation into a world-class biopharmaceutical organization. With that overview, I'll pass the call to Barry for some additional details on Jakafi's performance in the quarter.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Net product revenues for Jakafi during the third quarter were $161 million, an increase of 65% year-over-year. As a result of the continued growth, we are raising our net product revenue guidance for Jakafi for 2015. We are raising it from a range of $560 million to $575 million to a new range of $580 million to $590 million. When we spoke to you at the end of Q2, we provided a detailed look at the launch of Jakafi for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera. I'm very pleased to be able to tell you that the launch in uncontrolled PV remains strong and we are also seeing continued growth in demand from patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. The graph on the left of slide eight shows the total number of Jakafi prescribers. Quarter-by-quarter over the last year, the graphic shows the consistent increase in our prescriber base. We believe that this reflects the ongoing and successful efforts of our U.S. organization to educate physicians about the unmet need in patients with polycythemia vera as well as Jakafi's therapeutic profile in MPNs. The graph on the right shows the percentage increase Q3 over Q2 in the total number of MF and PV patients taking Jakafi. While we see strong growth in the number of PV patients on Jakafi, it is also good to see continued growth in the use of Jakafi in patients with MF. With that, I'll pass the call to Rich for the clinical highlights.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Barry. In the next few slides I'll highlight the key clinical updates, first on epacadostat and then on baricitinib, before providing a summary of the portfolio. First, on epacadostat, our selective IDO1 inhibitor. We're currently conducting four proof-of-concept studies of epacadostat plus PD-1 axis antagonist, and all these trials are continuing to enroll patients. In October, we announced the acceptance by the Society of Immunotherapy of Cancer, or SITC, of a late-breaking abstract detailing safety and efficacy data from our Phase I/II study evaluating epacadostat in combination with Merck's pembrolizumab. This will be the first presentation of data from epacadostat in combination with a PD-1 or PD-L1 directed antibody. As we announced this morning, the embargo on the abstract of the upcoming presentation by Dr. Gangadhar at SITC has now been lifted and we can share those data with you. At the time of the data cutoff made to generate the abstract, safety information was available for 28 patients and efficacy data was available for 19 patients. In Dr. Gangadhar's presentation on Friday, there will be 56 patients in the safety analysis and efficacy data from 47 patients. The data in the abstract is summarized on slide 10 and reveal an emerging clinical profile that we're very pleased with. The combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab was generally well tolerated and the efficacy data suggests promising clinical activity. We believe that the safety is an important aspect of the product profile, especially compared to the recently approved immuno-oncology doublet in melanoma. On the efficacy slide, and focusing on the melanoma cohort, the data table shows an overall response in four patients of seven patients and disease control in six patients of the seven patients. We believe these data also compare favorably to historical benchmarks. In the presentation on Friday, there will be efficacy data from 19 evaluable melanoma patients and it is these data that have driven our decision to progress into a Phase III trial. Moving now to slide 11, I'd like to remind you that we recently announced with Merck that we're expanding our clinical collaboration to include a pivotal Phase III study of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab. The trial is expected to begin in the first half of next year and will be conducted in the first line treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma. We'll co-fund the study with Merck. We believe that conducting this study with Merck has numerous advantages. We're able to work alongside a great clinical partner. Merck has global reach and access to a significant network of melanoma centers. This in turn has the potential to enable rapid recruitment into the study. We also hope that a pivotal trial in melanoma is just the beginning for our plans with epacadostat. We'll continue to build the clinical databases in different tumor histologies with Merck and with our other clinical collaborators. And if the data warrant it, we'll seek to move as quickly as possible into additional pivotal studies in other indications. Moving now to baricitinib, we've recently announced with Lilly the results of the two Phase III rheumatoid arthritis studies evaluating baricitinib head to head against two of the most widely-used RA treatments. In RA-BEGIN, baricitinib monotherapy showed efficacy superior to methotrexate monotherapy in treatment-nave patients. And in the second study, RA-BEAM, on a background of methotrexate baricitinib showed superior efficacy to Humira, the market-leading biologic for patients with inadequate responses to conventional DMARDs. In both studies, baricitinib was generally well tolerated and we look forward to the presentation of the detailed efficacy and safety results at the upcoming American College of Rheumatology meeting in San Francisco. The RA-BEGIN presentation is scheduled for November 8, and the RA-BEAM presentation is scheduled for November 10. Incyte and Lilly will host an investigator conference call and webcast on November 11 to review the results with you and we hope you can participate in that event. We and Lilly agree that these are outstanding results and the Lilly team is now squarely focused on global regulatory submissions. I'll now discuss a few highlights across our clinical portfolio. JANUS-I, our pivotal Phase III trial of ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer, continues to enroll patients on schedule. And we continue to expect data in 2016. We've reached full-target enrollments in the ruxolitinib Phase II trials in breast cancer and in colon cancer, and the data from these studies are also expected during 2016. These are all event-driven studies, and so we're not able to pinpoint the timelines to data with more precision at this stage. As indicated on slide 13, we had two candidates in clinical trials since we've spoken to you at the end of quarter two. Our pan-PIM kinase inhibitor, 53914, and our newly-acquired PD-1 inhibitor 1210 have both entered proof-of-concept studies in hematologic malignancies and solid tumors respectively. We've also initiated a Phase II trial of the topical formulation of ruxolitinib in patients with alopecia areata. We've previously studied topical ruxolitinib in patients with psoriasis and this new study builds on published data showing efficacy of oral JAK inhibitors, including ruxolitinib, in alopecia areata. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave for an update on our financials.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rich. For the third quarter of 2015, we recorded net product revenues from Jakafi of $161 million and royalties from Novartis on ex-U.S. Jakavi sales of $80 million. Total revenue in the third quarter amounted to $187 million. R&D expense in the third quarter was $132 million, which included the $25 million upfront payment made to Hengrui related to license agreement for the anti-PD-1 antibody 1210. SG&A for Q3 was $48 million. In addition, we recorded an unrealized loss of $31 million related to our investment in Agenus, reflecting the change in the Agenus stock price during the quarter. The unrealized loss on the investment in Agenus year-to-date is approximately $4 million. We ended the quarter with $635 million in cash and cash equivalents. Moving now to financial guidance for the full-year 2015, driven by the strong underlying demand for Jakafi we are updating our full-year 2015 net product revenue guidance. We are now expecting that product revenues for the full year to be between $580 million to $590 million, up from $560 million to $575 million. During the third quarter of 2015 we recognized a $5 million milestone payment from Novartis in relation to initiation of the Phase II trial for capmatinib in glioblastoma. We have also recently received notice from Novartis that we have received approval for Jakafi in Japan for PV, which will trigger a $15 million milestone payment from Novartis that we expect to recognize in Q4 of 2015. Accordingly, we now expect our full-year contract revenue to be $78 million, up from our previous guidance of $58 million. As previously announced, our contract revenue guidance for 2015 also includes the anticipation of an additional $20 million milestone payment from Novartis. This milestone is related to the commercial performance of Jakafi given the year-end sales and sales trends of Jakafi. We expect this milestone to be recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015. We are leaving our R&D guidance for full-year 2015 unchanged, despite the payment of $25 million to Hengrui in the third quarter. This reflects the changes in timing of other anticipated R&D expenses from Q4 of 2015 into Q4 of 2016. We have tightened the range for full-year 2015 SG&A guidance to an updated range of $200 million to $210 million. Operator, that concludes our formal remarks. Please open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now conduct our question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Carter Gould with Barclays. Please state your question.
Carter Gould - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. This is Carter on for Jeff (16:33). Thanks for taking the question. First off, congrats on the transformative progress in the third quarter. First question, will we see the response rates broken out by dose at SITC? And secondly, is there anything you could say about how your approach towards your strategic optionality has changed after the Merck deal? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. So this is Rich. There will be data broken out by dose on both safety and efficacy at SITC. But with that said, I'm not going to get into any of the details until those data are presented there. And this does not really change our strategy with respect to trying to continue to work with multiple partners going forward. So we have this one arrangement to do a Phase III study in melanoma with Merck. There are many other potential indications and we look forward to doing those studies when the data are fully supportive to make that decision to go forward, either with Merck or with any of our other collaborators.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Roden with UBS. Please state your question.
Matthew Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Congrats on the progress both on the commercial side and on the pipeline side. And thanks for taking the question. First on IDO, I guess typically when you look at early-stage oncology results, as the sample size increases, as you go into larger trails, you tend to see a little bit of an erosion of response rates and efficacy just as you go into larger patient populations. I guess the question would be, as we think about the SITC presentation on Friday is this the sort of phenomenon that we should be thinking about in terms of going from 19 patients evaluated up to 47? And then assuming that there is still real differentiation with these data versus the currently available PD-1 axis inhibitors and combinations thereof, at what point do you feel like it warrants consideration for FDA breakthrough designation? Is that something we should be thinking about? And then if I'm allowed I'll come back with a commercial follow-up.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. This is Rich again. So with respect to the SITC data, it's obviously more robust. I would say that as a very broad statement, there are not major changes in the data from what you're seeing, but you're just going to have to wait for the data per se. And really not going to comment on our regulatory strategies with respect to breakthrough or not.
Matthew Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking that. And then I guess on the commercial side, you mentioned consistent growth in your prescriber base. Now it looks like you're up to about 3,500 if I'm reading the graph rate. How high can this go? What do you think the target prescriber base could be? And then I guess related, Barry, if you can talk about to what extent you're seeing early-year utilization in myelofibrosis into the INT-1 patients on label that I think historically has been a lower penetrated segment. If you can just talk about where you are with that. Thanks very much.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Sure. So the target for prescriber base that we presented in the slides is really physicians who have prescribed in the last 12 months. There is more physicians who have prescribed. And obviously you know there is somewhere between 10,000 and 11,000 hematologists-oncologists in the United States, some of whom don't practice. You can only go so high in the total number of prescribers that you have and lots of those oncologists-hematologists may not even see any NPM patients at all. And then in terms of earlier, we certainly have patients now who are being treated who are intermediate-1 myelofibrosis patients. And I think that was it.
Matthew Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. Please state your question.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on all the progress. First of all, with the Phase III trial with the epacadostat, are you going to be selecting patients based on any sort of biomarker of PD-1 or maybe something else? And then along those lines, will we see any of that type of data at SITC?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: I'm really not going to get into the details of the trial until we have finalized it and I'll likely put it up on clinicaltrials.gov. And I'm really not at this point going to go into the details of what will be presented at SITC, beyond what's in the current abstract.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then thinking forward to as hopefully you go to more tumor types than just melanoma, where do you guys see the hurdle being to justify going to a Phase III in say lung cancer? And then if you get to that point, do you see the melanoma collaboration with Merck as kind of a model or would you maybe not go with an exclusive relationship?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So I'll take the first question. And what we look for is it has to be  generally these studies are going to be done as an add-on to the PD-1, where a PD-1 or PD-L1 has already established to be effective. So in order for those trials to come out positive, you have to have the expectation that the combination will be more effective than the mono therapy with the PD-1 agent alone. And then secondly, in terms of our profile in the cases where there is comparator data in the public domain with other doublets such as nivolumab and ipilimumab, we would be looking to at least mirror the efficacy in those trials with a safety advantage or potentially have clear efficacy advantages over those other doublets. And with respect to the designs of deals around other trials, I mean I'd ask somebody else to take that question.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Maybe I can take it. I think you have to think about it as an IDO program, epacadostat program. Our best interest is to develop the product in multiple indication in multiple lines of therapy. So the way the relationship with Merck is working is really specific to the line of therapy in melanoma where the Phase III study is doing. So we would be obviously looking for other patient groups where we could do Phase III studies. So what I'm saying is that, don't think of this two year of exclusivity as limiting us for other indications, other combinations, other lines of therapy; it's not. So from a certain standpoint, we could imagine in the future doing different types of relationship with a partner or to have it under the same type that we have seen here. In both cases it would not prevent us from developing IDO broadly in multiple indications in the future if we choose to, and that's really what's important to us.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. So I mean we really shouldn't look at this as kind of the model that will be applied, maybe with different companies but the same type of structure, but it shouldn't really inform us for other tumor types or other lines of therapy?
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I don't see  I think it could be. What I'm saying is that it could be under the same type of relationship or not. In fact, none of that has been decided yet. But in both cases it would not limit us from developing epacadostat in multiple indications in the future if the clinical data justifies doing it and that's really what's important.
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then one last if I can on the commercial side. On Jakafi guidance I think it kind of implies kind of a slowing in growth, a pretty significant slowing in growth in Q4 compared to what Q3 had. We've seen that there's been maybe about a 4% price increase late in Q3. So why would we expect the growth to slow so much even if you also have the tailwind of a price increase?
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We think the guidance is prudent. At the high end of guidance it's about a 7% quarter-over-quarter growth. Fourth quarter can be a little bit unpredictable just because of the number of holidays you have in November and December. So again, we just think it's prudent going forward to have that range. That's now tight, of course, because we're getting to the end of the year. Okay?
Marc Frahm - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Brittany R. Terner - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys, this is actually Brittany in for Cory. Thanks for taking the questions. So you previously talked about the PV launch to be more gradual than MF given I guess less urgency to treat. Is that still your view? And then secondly, on baricitinib, is there anything that you could say on the potential next steps for the diabetic neuropathy indication? Thanks.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: So I'll take the first part of your question, if I heard it correctly. So you're just saying that the urgency to treat in PV versus MF, is that what you were trying to get at?
Brittany R. Terner - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Just if you expect to launch to be more gradual in PV still.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Well, I think we said it all long is that PV patients are sometimes perfectly controlled with phlebotomy or aspirin or sometimes with hydroxyurea, but there is lots of patients who are intolerant to hydroxyurea or get inadequate response to hydroxyurea and those patients are coming on Jakafi now. And we have great expectations for this launch to continue into next year and beyond.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So this is Rich on your second question. So just to clarify, it's diabetic nephropathy, not diabetic neuropathy. It's about the kidney. Second, the decision as to exactly how and if that product will go into registration studies is up to Lilly and they have not announced their intentions as of yet. And we also have the option to buy into participation in that study as we bought into rheumatoid arthritis. And that period of time in which we make that decision has not come yet until we see the final development plan and cost in addition to the data that we've already seen from the Phase II study. But those decisions should be made in the next relatively modest period of time.
Brittany R. Terner - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Maury Raycroft - Jefferies, LLC: Hi. I am on for Brian Abrahams. Congrats on the progress and thank you for taking my question. So just kind of as a follow-up to Matt's question. So it sounds like the response rates may carry through to the larger data set on Friday. And I was wondering if you have any views into the durability of response and how the IDO plus pembro mechanism may compare to NIVO plus Ipi on a durability standpoint?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So again, I'm not going to go into the details of how the data that will come out on Friday compared to the data here, other than to say that there are not major differences. And I don't want anybody to over-interpret that and say that there are differences that are just short of major. It's just I'm not really commenting. With respect to durability, the data are still early with respect to how far out patients have been followed. There will some durability presented, but it's not as long a follow-up as you would see for example from registration trials that already exist. So you'll get to see the data, but it is less mature in terms of how long these responses or stable disease last.
Maury Raycroft - Jefferies, LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Marai with Oppenheimer. Please state your question.
Christopher N. Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. First, I was wondering if maybe you could comment on any mechanist rationale for epacadostat to potentially have a more profound benefit when treating patients in earlier lines of therapy. And then secondly, maybe on the commercial side, could you comment a little bit about how you may see the eventual cost of therapy going forward for patients? Do you see this as really something of an Ipi replacement and pricing coming into that range? And then maybe more broadly, could you comment on how the pricing potentially of epacadostat fits into your model of certainly combination therapies, whether it's with your own PD-1 eventually down the road or other combination therapies that you're thinking about at Incyte? Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, Chris, this is Reid. With respect to your first question about whether there is a mechanistic rationale for IDO1 inhibition to be more effective in earlier lines of therapy, I think that's something we don't yet know. We learned a little bit about that question from the ipilimumab experience, where we presented some data to indicate that responses were more robust, deeper responses in patients who were nave to immunotherapy. That perhaps isn't that surprising, but it's the first time we've made that observation. I think going forward, it's going to have to be something that we continue to monitor in the trials. And I think overall in the field we don't really understand too well what resistance mechanisms are in play as patients unfortunately progress through successive lines of immunotherapy. And we may learn from those types of studies that there are some mechanisms that are more applicable to patients in earlier lines of treatment and other mechanisms which are more important with respect to the resistant population.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: And for your second question, it's a long way away from pricing strategies for epacadostat, but we really believe that we'll continue to create drugs and combinations of drugs that provide real value to patients. So the clinical benefit to patients ultimately will determine the value.
Christopher N. Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And just maybe I want to follow up on that resistance mechanism to epacadostat or the epacadostat combos. Is there any reason to believe that you guys would have early hint of that data in the data set presented at SITC or is it just too soon to tell? Thanks.
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: You'll have to wait to see those data presented before we comment on that, but that's going to be a question that's evolving in the program over time. I think we'll have much more clarity as the program matures than we will at this early stage.
Christopher N. Marai - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink Partners. Please state your question.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, good morning. And thanks for taking my question. I just had a follow-up to the prior speaker. So the pembrolizumab combination study, is that limited to immunotherapy-nave patients or are you looking at IO experience patients as well?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: The patients have to be nave to pembrolizumab, but they can have had some degree of prior treatment with immunotherapies.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, understood. And then on your proprietary PD-1 inhibitor, can you just speak to your plans there and how do you see that fit into your portfolio?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Sure. So right now that molecule has entered into Phase I. Patients are now being dosed with it. We will first need to establish the safe dose with that drug and then potentially look at development both as monotherapy and in combination with our internal portfolio of agents that are potentially  are proven to be active in immunotherapy of cancer. But it is clearly behind and would not cause us to slow down any of our paths to registration with existing PD-1 or PD-L1 therapies.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. And then one more on the SITC data set. Are you in a position to comment on biomarkers in that initial data set, or is that will you not have taken biopsies until later dose expansion cohorts are enrolled?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: I'm just going to really ask that people wait to see the data at the upcoming meeting.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, everyone. It's Catherine (35:16) for Ying. I just have a couple of quick ones. I know you don't want to comment about the data at this stage. But can tell us out of the 47 patients how many will be lung? And then have you seen any liver enzyme elevations with the patients as you do with (35:33)? And then lastly, just quick one, can you break out unit growth versus price and inventory this quarter for Jakafi? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: I'm sorry, I didn't really get your first question. Of the 47 patients how many are what?
Unknown Speaker: Are lung patients?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Oh, lung. You'll have to wait, but it is not an enormous number of patients at this point in time. More data will be coming, and we continue to enroll patients in each of these indications. With respect to LFTs, all I'd say is that we're quite happy with the emerging safety profile and we'd ask you to wait for the detailed data coming. And the last question was not a development question.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Yeah. Hi, Catherine (36:26), this is Barry. So the unit growth accounted for almost all of the growth quarter-over-quarter. So we took a price increase in the middle of September. So that really only added about $1 million to the sales; almost all of it was unit growth.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. Congrats on the data and most of my questions have actually been answered. But just a question about PV. Are you seeing the same sort of discontinuation in compliance rate as you have between PV and MF?
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: For participancy, we don't have that much data in PV. Obviously we just launched really in January. So you can look to our clinical trials. So if you look to response for example, follow-up on response you had 83% of patients were still on drug at about two years. In MF, if you looked at the COMFORT trials, you had 50% of patients were still on drug at three years. So we believe that persistency will probably end up being greater with PV, but we still need to accumulate more data. Thanks.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Guggenheim Securities. Please state your question.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much. If we look at what was presented in the abstract from a grade 3-4 immune-related event there was one patient. And I'm simply trying to extrapolate, and I know it's small numbers, but if we look at nivo, that with the immune-related events were substantially higher, somewhere in the order  depending on the trial of course, at least in melanoma  of as much as 50%. So I wanted to comment on the safety of epacadostat, which seems to be at least with respect to immune-related events a bit better. And again, it's small numbers I recognize, but I'd love some commentary on it. And then the next question is again around corporate development to some degree as it relates to your IDO franchise in conjunction with your PD-1. Are there tumor types that you wish to retain that you would not be interested in actually partnering for future studies? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: This is Rich, on the first question. So the data that's in the abstract that was released this morning does show that in these patients the rate of all grade 3 or higher events, and they were all only grade 3, was lower than the relatively related grade 3s with the ipilimumab-nivolumab combination and there will be more robust data on that later in the week. And as we said, our goals here are both to be able to have more effective therapy than the background treatments  in this case, pembrolizumab  and in terms of comparison to establish combinations to either have better efficacy or equivalent efficacy and better safety. And as we said, we're pleased with the data so far and we look forward to sharing more data with you on Friday.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you for that.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On the second part of your question, on the PD-1 optionality and how it's sort of adding potential for our thoughtful user. Where we think about it is really in different timelines. The short-term, which is like the next three years, if we see indications where combination with existing approved PD-1 or PD-L1 is possible, we would not delay or retain that in any way. We would go ahead as quickly as we can with epacadostat in combination with this as our product. Our own PD-1 program is opening a number of different options in term of combination, but not only with epacadostat. It's also true for many of the other products we have in our portfolio and this will come at a later stage. I don't think it would be reasonable to delay or reserve any indication at this point. If we see a path to registration, if we have a willing partner who would be ready to go with us, I think we will always give priority to the speed at which we can get our epacadostat approved in that indication.
Charles Butler - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you, Herv.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Herv Hoppenot for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your time today. Thank you for your questions. I know a lot of the questions were really to data that is not yet available. So we look forward to seeing you at the SITC or the ACR conferences where a lot of this data will be presented in the next few days. And I also want to remind you that Lilly and us will have an investor call from ACR in the morning of November 11, where really specifically we'll be speaking about the data that has been presented that day for baricitinib. So thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Eric Thomas Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities Michelle Gilson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Michael Booth, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Charles A. Booth - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Diego. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's second quarter 2015 results conference call and webcast. The slides in today's presentation will be made available for download on the investor section of incyte.com after the call concludes. Herv Hoppenot, our CEO, will begin with a few words summarizing the quarter, and then Barry Flannelly, who leads our U.S. organization, will provide a commercial update on Jakafi. Rich Levy, who is in charge of Incyte's drug development activities, will update you on our clinical portfolio. And Dave Gryska, our CFO, will describe our second quarter financial results. Then we'll open up the call for Q&A, for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer, and Kevin Harris, VP-Global Product Strategy. On the call today we will be discussing Jakafi, which is FDA-approved for patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and for patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. In addition, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for 2015 guidance, the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans for Jakafi and other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 and from time to time in our other SEC documents. With that, I would now like to pass the call to Herv for some opening remarks.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. And good morning, everyone. We have had a very successful quarter on both the commercial and the clinical development side. And as promised today we are very pleased to include a more detailed review of the Jakafi launch to date in polycythemia vera. So the commercialization of Jakafi continues with significant momentum and the launch in PV has added to Jakafi's gross. Today, we reported Q2 sales growth of 69% year-over-year and we have raised full-year 2015 net product revenue guidance for Jakafi to a range of $560 million to $575 million from the $525 million to $565 million previously communicated. During Q2 we have also progressed as planned on the clinical front. We continue to recruit patients into the Phase III JANUS program and into the other solid tumor studies for both ruxolitinib and our JAK1 39110. The PD-1/PD-L1 combination trials with epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor, are all recruiting well and the FGFR and BRD inhibitor programs are also recruiting patients. Phase III data from baricitinib was presented at the EULAR conference in June and we also provided updates from the response study of ruxolitinib in PV and data from the novel:novel combination of JAK1 plus PI3K-delta at ASCO. So before I close this short introduction, I want to emphasize how important and successful we believe this quarter was for Incyte. We expect the launch of Jakafi in PV to provide with us with a new growth driver for the future, as our research and development team continues to rapidly broaden our product portfolio, and we also expect that our financial discipline and strength will continue to allow flexibility in our resource allocation process. I would now pass to Barry to give us details of our commercial performance in the quarter as well as some greater insight into the progress of the launch of Jakafi in PV.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. I'm looking forward to getting to know all of you better in the coming months and I'm also excited to begin my new role within Incyte leading our U.S. organization. The sales of Jakafi accelerated in the second quarter, driven by uptake of Jakafi in the treatment of patients with uncontrolled polycythemia vera and continued growth in myelofibrosis. In the second quarter we achieved $142 million in net sales of Jakafi. This represents a 69% increase over the same period last year and a 23% increase over the first quarter. Demand grew by19% quarter-over-quarter and inventory remains stable. On the next few slides, we'll review some of the key elements of the launch in polycythemia vera. This graph plots the total number of prescribers that are new to Jakafi in the last two years. In the first half of 2015, we can see that the PV launch has led to a jump in the number of prescribers who are new to Jakafi, compared to previous periods. We have been consistently adding new prescribers for the MF indication through 2014, and since the launch in PV this analysis reveals that the breadth of prescribers has increased. This is consistent with our expectations because we expanded our targeting efforts to seek prescribers with high PD potential who may not be actively treating patients with myelofibrosis. On slide nine we see a second piece of evidence that the Jakafi launch in polycythemia vera may have changed prescriber behavior. The PV launch has driven a shift in the utilization of 10 milligram tablets as the starting dose. The use of 10 milligrams as the starting dose has increased from approximately 25% during 2014, which represented use in MF only, up to approximately 43% during the first half of 2015, illustrating the impact of the PV launch. As you know, there are five strengths of Jakafi tablets available and the recommended starting dose of Jakafi for patients with polycythemia vera is 10 milligrams twice daily. Recent market research is shown in the chart on slide 10, which shows the primary reasons that physicians gave for initiating therapy with Jakafi in patients with polycythemia vera. As you can see, 80% of patients are switching from hydroxyurea to Jakafi based on an inadequate response to hydroxyurea, which might be needed to better control hematocrit, enlarged spleen or PV-related symptoms. The remainder of patients who have initiated Jakafi are either intolerant to hydroxyurea or who have specifically requested a change to Jakafi. Patient identification has been a key area of focus for our launch efforts as we seek to educate healthcare professionals about the subset of patients who lack full disease control. As we stated on our Q1 call, the initial wave of PV patients taking Jakafi may have had, for example, elevated hematocrit and enlarged spleen and PV-related symptoms. Our challenge and also our opportunity is to help educate physicians about the need to also treat those patients who have elevated hematocrit or enlarged spleen or PV-related symptoms for whom hydroxyurea was inadequate. Moving now to a measure of physician satisfaction with Jakafi, we asked that physicians who have used Jakafi for their measure of satisfaction with the drug, using a scale of 1 to 7, where 1 was not satisfied at all and 7 was extremely satisfied. As you can see, the results of our recent market research are very positive and are reflective of the feedback we are receiving directly from both physicians and patients. We continue to focus our efforts on educating healthcare professionals on the importance of maintaining hematocrit consistently at or below 45% and the consequences of the lack of disease control. While most physicians are aware of 45% as a target level for hematocrit, the majority of physicians interviewed are willing to tolerate levels well above 45%, as shown in the chart on the right side of slide 12. This is a key educational opportunity as we move forward. We expect to build steady and consistent momentum within the PV indication over time as we execute our launch plan, aiming to close educational gaps, clearly position Jakafi for patients with uncontrolled polycythemia vera, increase the breadth and depth of prescribing and reinforce positive experiences with Jakafi. Slide 13 shows data that we have shared with you before, but with our indications for MF and PV combined. We have penetrated just over one-third of addressable myelofibrosis patients within our label and we are just starting to serve the approximately 25,000 uncontrolled polycythemia vera patients that we continue to believe are addressable within our PV indication. We expect that Jakafi has a long lifecycle ahead; recall that we have a composition of matter patent on ruxolitinib until 2027. We are still at the beginning of our commercialization of Jakafi and we believe that steady and consistent growth of Jakafi in PV, combined with continued successful growth in MF, has the potential to represent a significant long-term commercial opportunity for Incyte. We are confident even with the expected level of future commercial competition that this long-term opportunity may result in a net product revenue reaching $1.5 billion for the U.S. Jakafi franchise in MPNs alone. In summary, the ongoing launch of Jakafi in PV has accelerated our top line by adding significantly to ongoing growth from our MF indication. I'll now hand the call over to Rich to give us a brief update on clinical progress in the quarter.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Barry. Beginning with our PV data from ASCO in June, we presented follow-up results from the pivotal RESPONSE trial of ruxolitinib in patients with uncontrolled polycythemia vera. The table on the left shows that 83% of the patients were still receiving ruxolitinib at a median exposure of 111 weeks. And the right panel highlights the probability of maintaining the primary response in the ruxolitinib arm for at least 80 weeks starting from the time of initial response was 92%. The second key data set we presented at ASCO were the initial results of the combination of 39110, our JAK1 selective inhibitor, plus 40093, our PI3K-delta inhibitor in patients with B-cell malignancies. Slide 16 highlights aspects of the data from the Hodgkin's lymphoma cohort, which showed both deep, as displayed on the left, and durable, as displayed on the right, responses to the combination. I'd like to emphasize that this trial was run in heavily pre-treated patients. For example, 70% of these Hodgkin's lymphoma patients received five or more prior lines of therapy. We're in the process of deciding on next steps for the combination and we'll provide more details when our plans are finalized. Moving now to baricitinib, our JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor as partnered with Lilly. The results of the first two Phase III studies in patients with rheumatoid arthritis were presented at the recent EULAR conference. The BEACON trial was a study of baricitinib versus placebo on a background of traditional DMARDs, including methotrexate, in patients who had already failed one or more TNF inhibitor-based regimens. The BUILD trial was a similar design in patients with RA who had failed prior DMARDs but had not received TNF inhibitor-based therapy. Both BEACON and BUILD met their primary endpoints. And as an illustration, three of the BUILD slides from Lilly's webcast from EULAR are reproduced here. In terms of efficacy in the BUILD study, a significant effect of baricitinib versus placebo was seen across ACR20, ACR50 and ACR70 scores at both 12 weeks and 24 weeks and in the structural endpoints at 24 weeks. The BUILD study, although not powered for a structural endpoint, getting through the analysis of structure, and the results were sufficiently robust that the 4 milligram dose of baricitinib showed statistically positive effects on the modified total Sharp score as well as each of its two components, the erosion score and the joint narrowing score. The lower panel reviews the adverse events and shows that the incidents of adverse events, including serious infections with baricitinib, were similar to placebo. Before the end of 2015, we and Lilly look forward to sharing data from the additional two Phase III studies of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis, including patients with early-stage disease in the BEGIN trial as well as the 1,300-patient BEAM study. BEAM includes a fully-powered comparison to Humira, the market-leading therapy for RA. Slide 18 summarizes our current portfolio and I'll just briefly touch on a couple of aspects. The Phase III JANUS studies of ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer are recruiting and the results of JANUS 1 are expected next year. We also have several proof-of-concept trials running for both ruxolitinib and our JAK1 inhibitor 39110. In the first quarter we began dosing patients with our FGFR inhibitor. And in the second quarter we began dosing patients with our BRD inhibitor and both programs are making good progress. Additionally, all four of our epacadostat studies in combination with either anti-PD1 or anti-PD-L1 are progressing very well. I'll now turn the call over to Dave to give us the financial highlights of the quarter. Dave?
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everybody. We recorded $142 million of second quarter net product revenues and $17 million of Jakafi royalties from Novartis for sales outside the United States. Our total revenue grew at 64% in the second quarter of 2015 over the second quarter of 2014 and reached $163 million. For the second quarter of 2015, R&D expense was $112 million and SG&A expense was $52 million, and we recorded an unrealized gain of $27 million from our investment in Agenus. We ended the quarter with $627 million of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet. Slide 21 shows our updated financial guidance for 2015. Given the strong performance of Jakafi in the first six months of the year, we are raising net product revenue guidance to a range of $560 million to $575 million; the previous range was $525 million to $565 million. As Rich detailed, our research and development activities are moving along as planned, and accordingly we are tightening our R&D guidance, lifting the bottom end of the range to give a revised range of $475 million to $500 million for full year 2015. We are increasing our full-year SG&A guidance to a new range of $195 million to $210 million. This increase primarily reflects additional investments we are making in the commercialization of Jakafi. Operator, that concludes our formal remarks. Please open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today comes from Matt Roden with UBS. Please state your question.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question, and congrats on all the progress here. I wanted to  in the spirit of your now $1.5 billion peak sales estimate in the MPNs alone, I wanted to think about this year. And if I just apply sort of trends from prior years to your current first-half sales, I can get to numbers north of $600 million for this year. Just wondering, as you think about your guidance and the scenario, analyses and sensitivities to your numbers, if there is something that you're seeing that should rule out that type of possibility? And then related, just wanted to know if you could talk about maybe the real-world experience of PV vis--vis the clinical trial experience, particularly with discontinuations. One of the remarkable points in our opinion of the Phase III PV studies was the very low discontinuation rate. So just wondering if you're seeing the same thing in the real world. Thanks very much.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks for the question. I will  on the first part of your question, I think the way you can look at the guidance is looking at the year-to-year growth rate that we are speaking about here, which is in the high 50s% to 60% growth from 2014 to 2015, and it's an acceleration of the growth. And I think it's reflecting the success of Jakafi in PV. Concerning the rate of discontinuation, maybe, Barry, if you want to speak about that.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Sure, Matt. The best data that we have, as Rich just pointed out, is from the 80-week RESPONSE data looking at 83% of the patients still receiving therapy at 111 weeks. Now of course we only have six months really of experience with the launch of PV indication and we do begin to see a separation, just a little bit, between the persistence on MF and PV. But you would expect that. So in fact we'll have to see a lot more data, a lot more patients on Jakafi for PV, to get a real understanding of the long-term persistence, but the clinical trial data gives us confidence.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much, and congrats on the progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Co. Please state your question.
Eric Thomas Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question and congrats also on the progress. Maybe another one for Barry. I think in the past Incyte has been fairly explicit that it expects the PV launch to be more gradual than that in MF given I guess less urgency to treat. Is that still your view, with a good trajectory here that you're seeing? And in terms of the long-term guidance of $1.5 billion, maybe you could provide a target year for that guidance and a rough peak split between the two indications. I assume over time you think PV might be larger than MF.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Yeah. Thanks, Derek. We're very excited about the launch in polycythemia vera. We've gotten great uptake we think from our physicians who have patients who have PV who have prior hydroxyurea therapy. But I think, as we pointed out in the past, it's patient by patient, physician by physician. One of the things I learned from a meeting we had with a group of physicians recently who treat PV patients is they really only see their patients about six times per year and that's to their office. So in fact the physician may only see their patients a couple of times a year and mid-level providers are seeing the patients the other times. So really they have to see the patient and then identify that they have symptoms or they're uncontrolled on their current therapy in order to make a treatment decision to switch that therapy. So it is gradual, but it's consistent and we are really excited about what we've accomplished so far.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On the second part of the question for splitting the sales between MF and PV, frankly we don't intend to do that. And there are a number reasons for it, but one of them is that it's not absolutely clear that for some patients if they have an actual diagnosis of MF or PV because there are a number of cases where it's not easy to see it. What we believe over the long term, there is a guidance that we are giving of $1.5 billion is peak sales guidance, so it's something that you should look at in the longer term in the life of the product.
Eric Thomas Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Also add my congrats on a good quarter. Similar to what Matt had asked, I wanted to also go into the potential differences in the real world experience for PV from a duration standpoint. And obviously it's way too soon to say where this is ultimately going to settle out just given how robust the duration data was in the Phase III. So I realize this isn't apples-to-apples, but can you remind us of how Jakafi's real-world duration in MF has compared with clinical trials? And then I have a follow-up pipeline question.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So we've never been particularly quantitative about what the actual median duration of treatment is in the marketplace in MF. But it clearly was shorter than we saw in the clinical trials where the median duration of treatment was about three years. So I wouldn't be surprised personally if in the marketplace PV is a little bit less or somewhat less than it is in the clinical trials, but I would also think that the relative duration of treatment in the clinical trials of PV to MF would likely be borne out in clinical practice as well, but I can't really get quantitative about it.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, understand. And then for baricitinib, is there anything that you can say as opposed to just differing to Lilly on the potential next steps for the diabetic neuropathy indication?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So they're in the process of trying to finalize plans for potential registration study. That includes discussions with outside experts as well as regulators. And until such time as their decisions are made, then they'll propose that to us as to whether or not we want to participate. We really can't say anything in specific other than the data from the Phase II was unexpectedly strong, and we believe that Lilly will go forward in some manner.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink Partners. Please state your question.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I had another one on the PV launch. To what degree has your co-pay assistance program affected the gross-to-net adjustment? And the second question on the pipeline, how should we think about news flow from the epacadostat PD-L1, PD-1 combination trials? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So for the first question, the biggest part of our gross-to-net is really Medicare rebates, Medicaid rebates, VA, Department of Defense and 340B. So the co-pay Foundation is really a minor part of it. The biggest ones are really the government rebates.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: So on epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor, all four of the trials are moving along well, and we're in discussions with each of our partners about the appropriate timing of potential abstract submissions to medical meetings as well as if the data are robust enough moving forward into registration trial. So we can't be specific, we've said in the past, but certainly the latest that we would have data in the public domain would be some time next year.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First one on PV here and in terms of new prescribers that use the drug for PV, are you also seeing a spillover effect from the doctors who may also use ruxolitinib in MF? And then secondly on the run rate for MF, are you seeing more new patients or kind of a plateau of new patients getting on to therapy for MF in this quarter? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Sure. In terms of prescribers, as you can imagine the vast majority of prescribers for both MF and PV are the same docs. It just so happens that we found a group of prescribers that hadn't experienced the use of Jakafi in MF and once they started using the drug in PV they may in fact have MF patients that they then prescribe for. And the second question was...
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, in terms of quarterly new patient as addition (27:15)
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Sorry, we continue to have a steady, consistent growth in MF patients. We think that the growth in MF is going to contribute well to the full-year sales this year. And both MF and PV new patients continue to grow.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya with Nomura. Please state your question.
Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities: Thanks and congratulations on a great quarter. One question on just the sort of the market dynamics. I was wondering if you could speak to the payer mix as you launch into PV. And a question on IDO. Is there a scenario where you would have enough data in-house to be confident enough to announce start of pivotal studies prior to the data presentation at ASCO next year?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Sure. So I'll take the first question. In terms of payer mix specifically for PV, we think it's a slightly younger population, so you might see a little bit less Medicare patients. But it's pretty much consistently the same. And in terms of commercial payers, it's exactly the same and coverage really hasn't been an issue for PV.
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: So on the IDO progress, I mean we have certain meetings that come up and they control the timing of when there is detailed presentations of the data. But that doesn't drive the timing around our decisions to move into registration trials. So if the data are sufficiently robust before then, we would not be waiting for ASCO to announce something; it could happen sooner.
Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities: Is it possible for you to give us some sense of timing when you would have in essence enough data to make that decision?
Barry P. Flannelly - Executive Vice President & General Manager: Not really. I mean, there is quantity of data and then there is direction of data and they're both important to being able to make those decisions. So I really don't want to try to get into prognosticating when that might be.
Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Marai with Oppenheimer. Please state your question.
Michelle Gilson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi guys, this is actually Michelle on for Chris. We're wondering how you look at your partnerships. We recall that a competitor had said on their call  Roche, actually  that their molecule has characteristics  this is in regards to IDO inhibitor  that their molecule has characteristics that are similar to and they feel pharmacologically superior to -they specifically cited your molecule.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So I think we're not going to comment on the preclinical profiles of the compound. I think most relevant is to see the emerging clinical profile and then we will have something that is better relatable to the emerging epacadostat profile. I'll say that we continue to be very pleased with potency, the safety, the pharmacokinetics of epacadostat in the ongoing program and see little opportunity for another compound that's also an IDO of one selective inhibitor to significantly differentiate. So our focus right now is on trying to maintain the competitive gap we have and we think that's a very important asset to the portfolio.
Michelle Gilson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Right, great. And then just a follow-up to that. I guess are you guys looking towards spending maybe a little bit more to speed up the clinical development of your IDO and maybe your BRD too, the ones that are in very competitive spaces, to provide that competitive advantage, just when we're thinking about the profitability and balance sheet going forward?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So the amount of money that we're spending is not what is controlling the timelines at this point. I mean so first of all, if you look at the IDO studies that are being done with PD1 inhibitors, you need to start at a relatively low dose and you need to wait certain amounts of time before you can go to the next dose level and then you want to generate enough data within any particular tumor type to make a decision as to whether or not you're going to go forward or not. Each of those things are progressing as quickly as we had hoped. Throwing more money at it would not make it go any faster. What we are committed to is, should the data be robust enough, we are going to make a fast and large commitment to registration studies and remain well ahead of our closest competitors.
Michelle Gilson - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Roden with UBS. Please state your question.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. As it relates to baricitinib, can you address the competitive landscape in rheumatoid arthritis, particularly any thoughts, Rich or Reid, you may have on recent filgotinib data, anything that is worth pointing out from a compare and contrast perspective? And then related, what are your expectations for the BEAM study in terms of the comparison to Humira? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Okay. So with respect to the JAK1 selective inhibitor where there's Phase II data out there. I mean first of all, we believe that the Phase II data are quite acceptable, but Phase III is really going to be key and let me tell you a couple of reasons why. So first of all, we have seen with our own JAK1 inhibitor, and now it's confirmed also with the JAK1 inhibitor from Galapagos, that in order to see sort of the top range of efficacy you really need to get to high levels of JAK1 inhibition compared to the levels of JAK1 and JAK2 inhibition that you need with balanced inhibitors. And that level of inhibition is quite high. And it's not to say that there is a problem with that, it's just not been tested over the long term yet. So we need to see the Phase III safety data as much as anything else to see whether those levels of JAK1 inhibition are going to give you the type of safety profile that's needed to be successful in a drug for rheumatoid arthritis. Other things that we would say are that, even after you correct for trying to take out what the placebo responses is, there's still dangers in trying to compare across studies; head-to-heads are the gold standard, of course. And then finally, assuming that they are going to start Phase III studies approximately at the beginning of 2016, that would put them a full three years behind where baracitinib started Phase III and we would expect a full three years behind in terms of time to launch. You had another question?
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. I was going to ask about your expectations for the BEAM comparison to Humira?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Sure. So one of the big upside positives coming out of the data that's already been presented was the structure data coming out of a study that was about half the size of the BEAM trial. So I would expect that, given the designs of this trial, that that would be fine. With respect to the expectations against Humira, again with the difficulty of comparing across trials I think our results have been as good or numerically slightly better than historical data with Humira. The study is adequately powered that it has the potential to show superiority if the results are consistent with some of the data that we've seen. But simply having non-inferiority to Humira across the board for a drug that is orally  it's an oral once-a-day treatment we think would lead to an attractive profile.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: And what are the metrics we should be looking at? Is it the ACR scores or the DAS28 or is it the structural data?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So the way that it works, and I can't get into all the details, is first you look at superiority to negative control arm, then you look at structure and then you look at non-inferiority to Humira I believe based on ACR20 but I'm not 100% sure. And then you start to look at potential for superiority both based on DAS and ACR scores and I just can't recall exactly what the order in which that is done. But certainly we expect to be able to get to those analyses while still preserving alpha to make a statistical comparison on efficacy.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Super helpful. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you for your time today and for your questions. So after a very successful Q2, we are looking forward to a series of very important and exciting events over the next several months and we look forward to talking to you again at our third quarter conference call in early November. So thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Booth - VP, Investor Relations, Incyte Corp. Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP
Analysts: Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Salveen Kaur Richter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Eric T. Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Masha Chapman - JMP Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Incyte Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Booth, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Michael Booth - VP, Investor Relations, Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Jessie. Good morning and welcome to Incyte's First Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. Herv Hoppenot, our CEO will begin with a few words summarizing our recent accomplishments; and Jim Daly, who leads our commercial organization, will then provide a commercial update on Jakafi. Rich Levy, who is in charge of Incyte's drug development activities, will update you on our clinical portfolio; and Dave Gryska, our CFO, will describe our first quarter financial results. We will then open up the call for Q&A for which we'll be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer. On the call today, we will be discussing Jakafi, which is FDA approved for patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and for patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. In addition, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today our forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans for Jakafi and other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline, and our planned European expansion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and from time to time in our other SEC documents. Herv.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. We have had a very productive start to 2015, and I will just briefly summarize some of the highlights. Firstly, ruxolitinib sales in the U.S. and the rest of the world are going very well, reaching a growth rate above 60% in Q1 on a year-on-year basis. We also received a $25 million milestone payment from Novartis during the quarter related to the European (2:24) Jakafi for PV. And we are very pleased also that the Phase III RESPONSE trial of ruxolitinib in patients with PV was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Now turning to baricitinib. During the first quarter, we announced with Lilly the successful outcome of the second consecutive Phase III trial of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis. And for epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor, we continue to progress very well with our combination studies in multiple tumor types. During the first quarter, we finalized our Immuno-Oncology alliance with Agenus, which adds therapeutic antibody capabilities to our proven small molecule discovery expertise. It also expands the landscape of potential Immuno-Oncology targets available to us, and it strengthens our ability to identify and possibly advance novel therapeutic combinations. Such novel therapeutic combinations were also the subject of our presentations last week at the AACR Conference where we presented 11 abstracts. As well as highlighting the FGFR, BRD and PIM inhibitors from my work discovery research, the substrates also included data on the potential immunotherapeutic activity of our portfolio of JAK and PI3K-delta inhibitors. Also, we announced an important step in our corporate evolution just a couple of weeks ago with our intention to establish our European headquarter in Geneva, Switzerland. Incyte Europe will become the base from which we will conduct our European clinical development operations, and we are excited to begin to build our company outside of the U.S. Of course, the primary driver of our financial performance is revenue from Jakafi here in the U.S. And I will now pass to Jim to give some additional details on the strong commercial performance of Jakafi in MF and the launch progress in PV. Jim.
James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. With 2015 marking our fourth full calendar year post-launch, first quarter net product revenues of Jakafi reached $115 million. This represents an annual growth rate of 66% over the first quarter of 2014 and was driven by a steady growth in underlying demand in MF, coupled with a meaningful contribution from our newly launched indication in PV. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, net sales grew 9% with the following components of change relative to the prior quarter. Underlying demand, as measured by vials dispensed to patients, grew 8%. Net price declined by 3%, reflecting a temporary increase in gross to net discounts, driven largely by seasonal increases in Medicare Part D donut hole rebates, partially offset by a 4.75% list price increase taken in early March. Inventory had a 4% positive relative impact with weeks on hand increasing from the lower end of the normal rate of 3 to 3.5 weeks at the end of the fourth quarter to the middle of the normal range at the end of the first quarter. Breadth and depth of prescribing in MF continues to grow in a consistent manner, with continued benefit from the overall survival data and updated safety and dosing information that was incorporated into the product label in the second half of 2014, which we believe is driving new patient starts. While we will be providing more detailed overview of the PV launch performance, based upon six months of findings on a second quarter call, at this point, we can confirm that the launch is proceeding as planned, and we are pleased with early trends and performance indicators. We are already seeing some patients who've received samples transition to commercial supply. And based upon early feedback from both physicians and patients, the product appears to be performing well and meeting or exceeding expectations. We believe this foundation of successful early trial should enable us to continue to expand breadth and depth of prescribing over time, and to enable us to positively impact a significant proportion of the estimated 25,000 PV patients who've had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. On the reimbursement front, most of the large payers have made coverage decisions and are managing to the PV label. And patients are able to access the product in a timely manner with reasonable out-of-pocket costs. Looking forward in PV, our primary opportunity and challenge is to reinforce with physicians the medical imperative to improve PV management and to translate the Jakafi prescribing information and Phase III clinical data into appropriate and specific PV patients in their practices who require additional disease control. We look forward to providing you with additional detail on our progress on the second quarter call. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rich to give us a clinical update.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Jim. 2015 has begun very well for the development group. We've significantly expanded our clinical portfolio and our key projects are moving forward. We've also hired Dr. Steven Stein as our new Chief Medical Officer. Steven came to us from Novartis where he was Senior Vice President Novartis Oncology in the U.S. He's already making key contributions to development of our clinical portfolio. I'll now walk you through the key pipeline updates beginning with the pivotal programs. During the first quarter, we announced with Lilly that the second pivotal Phase III trial of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis, the RA-BUILD trial, met its primary endpoint. With Lilly, we look forward to presenting these data as well as those from the RA-BEACON study in an upcoming scientific meeting. We also look forward to results from the additional two Phase III studies later in 2015. We also continue to make good progress in the pivotal program for ruxolitinib in second-line pancreatic cancer. As a reminder, given our previous discussions with the FDA during the SPA process, we believe that if results of JANUS 1 are sufficiently robust, it could support registration. We've therefore prioritized enrollment into JANUS 1 over enrollment into JANUS 2 by allocating the faster recruiting sites to the JANUS 1 trial. Recruitment to JANUS 1 is therefore running ahead of JANUS 2. And while we continue to expect data from JANUS 1 in 2016, results from JANUS 2 are now expected at a later date. Moving now to epacadostat, our IDO1 inhibitor. Recruitment into all four of the Phase I/II trials of epacadostat in either anti-PD1 or PD-L1 therapies from Merck, BMS, AstraZeneca or Genentech is progressing well. Once we determine the doses to be used in each combination, we expect enrollment in the expansion cohorts to be rapid. If these trials generate positive proof-of-concept data, we would anticipate moving swiftly into potential registration studies. Recruitment into the Phase II studies of ruxolitinib in colorectal and breast cancer is as expected and these trials remain on track for data in 2016. Because of competition in lung cancer patients with immuno-oncology therapies, recruitment in the Phase II trial of ruxolitinib in lung cancer is somewhat behind our expectations at this time. Moving to compounds in our emerging portfolio, we've initiated clinical development of INCB54828, our FGFR inhibitor. And later in the second quarter, we're on track to initiate clinical development of INCB54329, our bromodomain inhibitor, which has already cleared the IND process. We present full characterizations of these two molecules along with the science, strategy and data behind our emerging pipeline for potential cancer therapies at the recent AACR Annual Meeting. Looking now to ASCO. In our view, the key data from Incyte will be from the trial of our PI3K-delta inhibitor 40093 in combination with our JAK1 selective inhibitor 39110. We will be presenting both 40093 monotherapy and combination data with 39110 in the treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma as well as safety and summary efficacy data in other B-cell malignancies. We look forward to discussing this data after they have been presented at ASCO. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave to give us the financial highlights of the quarter.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everybody. We recorded $115 million of first quarter net product revenues and $16 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis for sales outside the United States. We also received $25 million in milestone payments related to the European approval of Jakafi for PV. Our total revenue grew at 77% in the first quarter of 2015 over the first quarter of 2014 and this compares well with the 47% growth in total operating expenses that we reported over the same period. Our cost of product revenues of $3 million for the first quarter includes the payment of royalties to Novartis on Jakafi sales. For the first quarter of 2015, R&D expense was $118 million and this includes a $20.2 million one-time payment to Agenus related to our Immuno-Oncology alliance. The SG&A expense was $44 million in the first quarter, and we ended the quarter with $585 million of cash and cash equivalents. During the first quarter of 2015, we moved the ex-U.S. intellectual property rights of our early stage assets to our newly formed subsidiary in Geneva, Switzerland. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, some holders of our 2015 convertible notes converted a total of $46.9 million in aggregate principal amount. This was converted into shares of our common stock, aggregating 5.3 million shares. At April 30, our total common shares outstanding are 179 million. Operator, that concludes our formal remarks. Please open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. I have two of them for you. First of all, Jim, I realize we'll get a more detailed update on PV this summer, but thus far in the launch are you able to comment on what you see as the key gating factor to get a doc to initiate treatment and how you think that might change going forward? And then the second question I have is probably for Dave, and it's on the longer-term tax rate for the company and how that might be impacted by your new European operations. I'm just curious outer years, how we should be thinking about that? Thanks a lot.
James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Hey, Cory. This is Jim. Cory, I think the key gating factor to getting a physician to prescribe Jakafi for their PV patients is translating the clinical data and the indication statement in the label to a specific patient in their practice. And I wanted to give a hats off to our sales force because, quite frankly, there's no substitute for an effective sales force in accomplishing that because it requires a discussion with the physician of particular patient characteristics and they're doing an outstanding job. As you would expect, the patients that we're getting right now tend to be the and patients. These are patients who tend to have elevated counts, and substantial symptom burden, and they tend to be at risk for thrombosis. And the sales force is having that constructive discussion. They're able to identify that patient as an appropriate candidate for Jakafi. The results are positive. And with that successful experience, they earn the right to go back and ask for additional patients who may not be as obvious, may not be the and patient, but may be the or patient. So I think that process is taking place. I think our sales force is doing an outstanding job. There is no substitute for an effective sales force in achieving that gating event. And as we look at new patients starts on a weekly basis, we're pleased and it's very consistent with our expectations.
David W. Gryska - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Cory, this is Dave. On your second question, we have no long-term guidance at this time on the tax rate. We're still working other strategies, and we'll update you at a later point on that.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Salveen Richter with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Kaur Richter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. Just with respect to physician education for PV, do you see any difficulties translating the spleen response into patient benefit? I think that was a question in the New England Journal of Medicine. And then a second question on the JANUS trials, just wondering if there was FDA input as to why JANUS 1 would be sufficient for approval here? Are the PRO feedback just not required here? Thanks.
James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yes. With respect to splenomegaly, some of the early patients that are going on Jakafi do tend to have enlarged spleens. We see that becoming less important as a trigger to treat over time. So at this point, we're not seeing that as a barrier to identify new patients for Jakafi.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So, Salveen, your second question. So when we first were in discussions with the FDA during the SPA period going back about a year-and-a-half, it was clear that if the results were robust in JANUS1 that would be all that was necessary. JANUS2 was designed in case the results weren't as robust as we expected. When I say robust, there's no specific definition of what that means, but the expectation is clear that if we were even close to the confidence  excuse me, to the data that we saw in the RECAP study that would be a robust study. So we just have to wait and see on that. With respect to the PRO that's in JANUS 2 and not in JANUS1, that's still only an exploratory endpoint in JANUS 2 and would have no impact on approval. That was there to kind of demonstrate that that tool was fit for purpose, as they say in regulatory terminology these days, to potentially be used in additional study at later point to get a labeling claim based on symptoms. So that has no impact on the potential for approval.
Salveen Kaur Richter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. Jim, I wanted to ask you about the sustainability of the current run rate for Jakafi. I'm tempted to infer from the components of growth that you broke out in your prepared comments that this trend, in fact, is sustainable, possibly even with upside because of the donut hole here. But also just want to get a sense for the inventory you mentioned has climbed up into the normal range. It sounds like there shouldn't then be a giveback in the second quarter. And then related, Jim, can you comment on what percentage of the sales in the quarter came from PV and whether or not there's any evidence of a bolus of patients coming on that may impact sequential trends later this year?
James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Okay. Let's knock those off. First, let's start with the last because I remember that most vividly. No bolus of patients with PV. We should not see an inventory giveback in the second quarter. If you look at the sustainability of the trends, there is a natural seasonality to our business. If you look at the last two years, we had single-digit dispense growth in the first quarter for both 2014 and 2013, followed by robust double digit in the second quarter. Not making any forward projecting statement, but I would bet the trend on that. And we are very confident that we can maintain a robust growth trajectory for Jakafi both in MF and you'll see the compounding effect of our success in PV over time.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: So in the absence of a real bolus, I mean, it sounds like you definitely got patients on drug and PV, but this is something you would see as more of a slow and steady gain as opposed to a step-up and then sideways.
James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Absolutely. No step-changes with PV. PV is  you have to go out and earn it every day, patient by patient and we're doing that. And again, based on very early data, we're pleased with the rate of new patients going on for PV. And we're also pleased with the fact that, again, based on very early data that they seem to be staying on Jakafi and PV to a greater extent than what we saw with MF. So we think this is a slow steady build that will compound very nicely over time.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then if I may do a quick question for Rich here. You have the IDO and Yervoy combination data. If I'm not mistaken, that's to be presented at ESMO. And we understand that this combo with Yervoy isn't strategically as important to you, but can you give us a sense of what we may expect to learn from those data about IDO itself?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So the number of patients from which we will have data at ESMO is about twice the number that we had data when the data was first presented at ASCO last year. And secondly, the duration of therapy in the patients who have been on therapy for a while is longer. That's all I really feel comfortable saying about the data at this point in time. And I don't really know how to answer the question as to how you would translate the data in combination with Yervoy to expectations around the data with PD1s or PD-L1s other than to say that we're seeing that this is an active drug in immuno-oncology in combination with Yervoy. And that gives us confidence the same way as it has before, that we will see that it remains active and adds benefit to other immuno-oncology combinations including PD1s and PD-L1s.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Rich, and thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So Jim, with respect to the results in MF, looks like maybe you're near 30% penetration or something in that range. Would you say that looking forward that the opportunity is more to drive up that percentage of patients within the haem-oncology community? Or do you think that there's more opportunity by reaching docs that are currently not using rux in their MF patients?
James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: That's a very fair question, and I hate to sound like I'm hedging, but I think the answer is both. I think with the overall survival data inclusion in the label, we saw an increase in both the breadth of prescribing, we saw physicians who had never prescribed the product begin to trial and adopt. And we saw a greater depth to prescribing. Now, with the second indication in PV, we're actually seeing physicians going back and evaluating some of their watch-and-wait MF patients and some of the later-adopter physicians seeing that as a motivation to initiate their first patient in MF. Actually, as you look at the prescribing for PV, 25% of prescribers in PV had never prescribed a product before in MF. And with positive experience in PV, we think there may be a halo effect for them to go back and use the product in MF. So I think we're optimistic that we can see an expansion in both breadth and depth in MF going forward.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And is the doc feedback so far in PV suggest support for that prior estimate of 25% of PV patients could be eligible for Jakafi? Do you still feel comfortable with that?
James M. Daly - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: I think we feel more confident in that estimate today than we did last year when we communicated it. The patients are definitely there without a doubt, and it's simply a matter of establishing successful trial and making sure the physician and the patient has a positive experience and then asking for the next patient.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just one for either Reid or Rich, and that is based on the data that you presented last week on the mechanism of action of rux, specifically, on effector and suppressor cells, do you see the longer-term opportunity in combinations with other specific therapies, I would say in contrast to the JANUS studies, which are simply an add-on to capecitabine? Where do you see that opportunity longer-term?
Reid M. Huber - Chief Scientific Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. This is Reid, Steve. So I think we've always been interested in exploring the JAK inhibitor franchise we have in combination with both cytotoxic chemotherapies as well as targeted therapies. The biology I think has instructed us pretty well over the years that there is a clear opportunity for JAK-STAT pathway inhibition to augment and improve the effectiveness of both of those agents. You're asking quite different clinical questions, and you're talking about different patient populations, but I think as you see in the emerging solid tumor development program and I think as you'll see going forward in the development program with new studies starting over the rest of this year, this will continue to be two important themes that will emphasize targeted combinations as well as combinations with cytotoxics.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Just to add that, we're studying both. We have clinical data with Jakafi added to capecitabine and emerging data with other agents, both targeted outside of immuno-oncology as well as other cytotoxic agents. And we have a very interesting pre-clinical data suggesting that it will work in combination with immunotherapies, but we need to first start exploring that data in the clinic before we can really make prioritization decisions.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Schmidt with Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. I had one regarding your comment on the IDO PD1 inhibitor study, combination studies. You said you may go directly into pivotal studies following the ongoing Phase I/II trials. And I was just wondering in the context of the evolving PD1 inhibitor landscape and some indications, in particular, in lung cancer, and with some of your partners such as Roche and Bristol now also developing their own IDO inhibitors, I was just wondering if you could talk about your overall strategy with regards to accessing a PD1 inhibitor? Either are you continuing to broadly look at this in an indication basis, irrespective of specific PD1 antibody? Or are you actually evaluating a possible  pursuing a specific PD1 antibody in the future as opposed to a broader scheme? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So we believe we have an IDO1 inhibitor that has no issues with it and that is pretty far ahead of the competitor of IDO inhibitors there are going to follow. And that is the reason why we continue to move forward quickly to maintain our advantage in terms of timelines, which is critical. And our strategy remains to work with a range of drugs, not just across companies with different PD1s and PD-L1s but also potentially to look at other combinations as well, and not to have those decisions be driven by the potential that other IDO inhibitors that are further behind are going to be either licensed to or available to some of the same companies that we've been working with.
Michael W. Schmidt - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Ian Somaiya with Nomura Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a great quarter. My question relates to the Galapagos and AbbVie Phase II results in RA. I was just hoping to get your thoughts on the data we've seen from their compound and how we should think about a selective JAK1 inhibitor versus more of a JAK1/2 inhibitor and the safety and efficacy profile we should expect for baricitinib?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Sure. So I'm not going to try to get into and dissect the limited details that have been put in the public domain on the Galapagos results in Darwin 1 and Darwin 2. All I would say is that at this point, we don't see any types of strong evidence for differentiation between that product and baricitinib, which is several years ahead. And we look forward to sharing the Phase III baricitinib data with everyone in more detail soon.
Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: But this doesn't motivate you in any way to maybe evaluate some of your JAK1 inhibitors in the RA setting or autoimmune setting?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So are JAK1 inhibitor, since we've put 39110 into a relatively small three-month study and showed quite interesting results. But we decided that 39110 was going to be an oncology drug. We then took a second JAK1 inhibitor and put it into the clinic for RA and had a tox finding that was not necessarily drug related, but one that made the development more difficult. So now we'd be talking potentially about another JAK inhibitor that's even further behind. And so you need to look not only at JAK1 versus JAK1/2, but also the timelines to bring forth another JAK1 inhibitor into this competitive space at this time.
Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. If I may, just one other question I had. Just some of the increased productivity we're seeing on the R&D side is that a function of new process, new personnel, or just your willingness to invest in your pipeline drugs?
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: So I mean, I think we've always been highly productive, but the size and scope that we have available to do as many projects as we're doing, just pound for pound, I'm not sure that we're any stronger than we were before, but we've always been strong. We're building and we're building with the same quality of excellent people that we've had in the past to be able to maintain not only how rapidly we progress things, but to put in strong, strategic thinking into what we do so that we're not having to redo our plans on a constant basis. So I'm very pleased with the growth of the development organization. And as I said in my prepared remarks, really happy to have Steven Stein with us to lead the clinical group.
Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question us coming from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric T. Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning. Just one quick question left for Rich. It's on ruxolitinib and the lung cancer trial. You've been saying that it's been a little bit slow to enroll now for a couple of months. And obviously, the PD1s aren't going away. So do you need to re-jigger the protocol there? Or what are your plans for trying to accelerate and execute in a day and age where there's so many, I guess, ongoing changes in the I-O space.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Right. So it's an ongoing process to evaluate what the next steps should be. And being realistic not only about the competition for enrollment in the studies but the changing landscape over the way lung cancer is likely to be treated by the time these studies read out. So we're continuing to look at that, but we don't have anything specific to say at this point in time.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Herv here. I think it's important to realize that the field we are operating in in cancer for certain indication is moving extremely fast, with big steps happening with some new strategies. So the idea that in general there will be changes in direction depending on how data are emerging from other strategies is something we have to deal with now for the next 10 years. So in general, what we see in lung cancer where there was a sort of a tradition for 20 years of taxol/carbo followed by gemcitabine or fluoxetine or something like that is changing completely as we are at the same time developing our own portfolio. And obviously, it's going to change as the standard of care is evolving. And it's not true only for lung cancer. I think there are a number of tumor types where we see the immuno-oncology wave being very successful very rapidly where we will observe the same type of thing. So I don't think there should be any sort of surprise that there are some of our programs that are going to change directions. It could be the case depending on what we see in our early data there. But in general, it's something we need to get used to for the future. Jessie, the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll move on to our next question which is coming from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Masha Chapman - JMP Securities LLC: Good morning this Masha for Liisa. Question for Rich. Could you please discuss rationale for evaluating lower dose of JAK1 inhibitor in first-line pancreatic? I guess more specifically, do you have any additional data on what side effects or reasons for patients discontinuing? Is that a function of chemo? And I guess, what are the implications for evaluating 110 in other solid tumors? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy - Chief Drug Development Officer & Executive VP: Okay. So first in terms of the dose. So as I've said previously, we saw a higher-than-expected discontinuation rate in first-line pancreatic cancer patients in the expansion of the existing study and those in months, two, three and four. And we could not find any pattern among them. I don't think there were necessarily any two reasons for discontinuation that were the same. And none of them appeared to me to necessarily be related to the drug and necessarily be related to the dose. That said, because the discontinuation rate was higher than we expected, we didn't want to go into a large registration study taking the risk that the discontinuation rate early was going to inhibit our ability to see a positive result in the end. And so, we had essentially two choices. One was to just get more patients at the dose that we've already been studying or to study a lower dose. Or potentially, we could have continued to do both. But we wanted to be not so exhaustive in what we did fix that we would be adding too much time to this. So we decided that let's look at a lower dose, a dose that should still provide levels of JAK1 inhibition as high or higher than ruxolitinib provides in the positive RECAP study analysis. And so, we feel comfortable with that lower dose. With respect to whether this has any impact on our JAK1 in terms of other solid tumor combinations, I don't think that it does. I think that we don't even know that this has anything to do with the JAK1. We don't know this has anything to do with the combination with gemcitabine and abraxane. And we don't even know that this just isn't because the numbers of patients was relatively small and this lead-in to just by chance get a higher discontinuation rate. So we're being prudent, but I wouldn't look at it impacting anything else.
Masha Chapman - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. It appears we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Herv for any additional concluding comments.
Herv Hoppenot - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. And thank you all for your time today. As we said at the beginning, I think it was a very successful first quarter with the fast-growing top line. And as you heard also, a fast, expanding portfolio of clinical projects. We are looking forward to a series of important and exciting events over the next several months. And I just want to thank you again for your time on the call today. We look forward to talking to you at the second quarter conference call in early August. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Booth - VP, IR Herv Hoppenot - President & CEO Jim Daly - CCO Rich Levy - EVP, Chief Drug Development & Medical Officer David Hastings - CFO Reid Huber - CSO
Analysts: Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Ian Somaiya - Nomura Securities Steve Byrne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Andrew Peters - UBS Salveen Richter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities Whitney Ijem - JPMorgan Chase Josh Schimmer - Piper Jaffray Thomas Wei - Jefferies Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Booth, Vice President, Investor Relations for Incyte. Thank you, sir, you may begin.
Michael Booth: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Incytes fourth quarter and full year 2014 results conference call. Herv Hoppenot, our President and CEO, will begin with a few words summarizing the quarter; and Jim Daly, who leads our commercial organization, will provide a commercial update on Jakafi, which is now FDA approved for patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and for patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. Rich Levy, who is in charge of Incytes drug development activities, will update you on our clinical portfolio; and Dave Hastings, our CFO, will describe our fourth quarter and full year financial results and outline our financial guidance for 2015. Then well open up the call for Q&A, for which well be joined by Reid Huber, our Chief Scientific Officer. Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans for Jakafi in other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline, and our 2015 financial guidance.  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So before we get into more details of Incyte's achievements in the last quarter and our expectation for this year of 2015, I wanted to take a short look back at what has been a very successful year of 2014. So first financially, the growth of our top line continues to outpace both our R&D and SG&A expenses. In 2014, sales of Jakafi grew over 50% in the U.S. and Novartis sales of Jakafi has grown over 70% in ex-U.S. territories when compared to 2013. We also recorded revenue of over $100 million from milestone in 2014 and ended the year with $600 million in cash. So this leaves us in a very strong financial position as we move into 2015. We have also been very successful in attracting top talents to Incyte over the last 12 months adding more than 100 positions across the company and the vast majority of this in our R&D organization managing our growing portfolio. And speaking of our R&D portfolio, firstly, our goal is to maintain and expand our leading position in JAK inhibition, and the recent FDA approval of Jakafi in PV is further evidence of that as is the initiation of pivotal studies of ruxolitinib in solid tumors. Our next generation JAK1 selective inhibitors will give us further potential to extend our competitive advantage here. The second piece is our IDO1 inhibitor which provides us with potentially exciting entrance into immuno-oncology and we are moving forward up quickly to recruit our combination studies with PD1, PDR1 inhibitors. Our global alliance with Agenus also gives us additional strategic flexibility within the immuno-oncology area. The third piece is our targeted therapies portfolio, and we have made real progress in the development of our two PI3K inhibitors and we have recently disclosed two new compounds an FGFR Inhibitor and the BRD Inhibitor that I expect it to enter the clinic sooner. The first segment of our portfolio contains our two partners' compounds capmatinib with Novartis, which continues to move forward quickly the c-MET inhibitor and baricitinib with Lilly which has recently reported positive top-line result in the first of its Phase III trials in RA. So I will now pass to Jim to give some additional detail on the commercial performance in MF and the launch of Jakafi in PV. Jim?
Jim Daly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter net product sales of $106 million of Jakafi reflect continued strong growth in underlying demand in myelofibrosis growing 46% over the same period last year. In terms of quarter-over-growth, net sales grew 8%. Overall, our fourth quarter performance was consistent with previous quarters with the steady increase in new patients, an increase in the breadth and depth of prescribing and a continued shift toward the use of lower dosage strengths. For the full year of 2014, we recorded net Jakafi sales of $358 million growing more than 50% over 2013. Turning to 2015, we expect full year net product sales to be in the range of $525 million to $565 million reflecting year-over-year growth between 47% and 58%. Our guidance assumes continued growth in MF sales as well as the contribution from our newly approved indication in PV. On December 4, Jakafi was approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who had an inadequate response to or intolerant of hydroxyurea. Jakafi is the first and only FDA proved treatment for these patients with uncontrolled PV. Were still very early in the PV launch but we cant confirm that our initial impressions of launch progress are consistent with our prelaunch expectations. Firstly, there is a substantial unmet need for PV patients who are not well-managed on hydroxyurea. Physicians acknowledge having these uncontrolled PV patients in their practices and are open to considering new and better treatment options. We continue to estimate an addressable population of approximately 25000 patients in the U.S. Secondly, as we shared with you in the past, the urgency to identify specific patients and initiate a new treatment is less than in MF or in other more acute forms of cancer. As we expected, it will require time and education to realize the peak potential of Jakafi in PV. Importantly, and again as expected, the clinical profile of Jakafi, as represented by the product labeling and the recent publication of the response trial in the New England journal of Medicine, is being well received by physicians. This is evidenced by the rapid uptake of the 10 milligram 28-day sample starter program for PV patients that we initiated after approval in December. We look forward to providing you additional feedback on the PV launch progress on future earnings calls. So with that, Ill turn it over to Rich to give us an update on the clinical portfolio.
Rich Levy: Thanks, Jim. Ill begin with JAK inhibition, and starting with ruxolitinib in solid tumors the two pivotal Phase III studies JANUS 1 and JANUS 2 in combination with capecitabine in second-line pancreatic cancer continue to enroll patients and we expect top-line results from these trials during 2016. Similarly, the randomized Phase II trials of ruxolitinib in non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer and colorectal cancer are enrolling patients as planned with results expected in 2016. And we believe that JAK1 selective inhibition, sparing JAK2, may lead to equivalent efficacy but with less myelosuppression relative to inhibiting both JAK1 and JAK2. Minimizing myelosuppression may potentially enable the combination of JAK1 selective inhibitors with other more myelosuppressive therapies. The proof-of-concept Phase II trial of our lead JAK1 selective inhibitor 39110 in patients with EGFR wild type non-small cell lung cancer in combination with docetaxel is well underway as is the Phase II trial 39110 in combination with erlotinib in patients with EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer. Later this year, we intend to initiate a fully powered randomized blinded controlled study of 110 in combination with gemzar and abraxane in first-line pancreatic cancer. We expect data from 39110 in combination with our PI3K inhibitor 40093 in patients with B-lymphoid malignancies to present at ASCO this year. This proof-of-concept combination trial was based on internal research, which revealed significant synergy between JAK1 selective and PI3K inhibition in models of lymphoma. We have a second JAK1 selective inhibitor 52793. This molecule is currently in a Phase I dose-escalation study and there's severalfor more selective for JAK1 than 39110. We plan to initiate both mono and combination therapy trials with 52793 potentially in multiple myeloma. 52793 as the more JAK1 selective compound was selected to be studied in myeloma as improvements in anemia is a therapeutical in this disease. Now moving to immuno-oncology. Recruitment into all four Phase I, II studies of epacadostat, our IO1 inhibitor, and the anti-PD-1 or PD-L1 therapy is from Merck, BMS, AstraZeneca and Genentech is progressing well. Once we determine the dosage to be used in each combination we expect enrolment and the expansion towards to be quite rapid. If these trials generate positive proof-of-concept data, we would anticipate moving swiftly into potential registration studies. In the Targeted Therapy segment of our portfolio, we have two PI3K inhibitors in clinical development and each of these compounds provide the potential to differentiate from the marketed PI3K inhibitor that'll allow us on potency, PK and safety. 50465 a highly selective PI3K inhibitor has now entered Phase I development and 40093 our first delta inhibitor is advancing in both immunotherapy, as I mentioned earlier, combination proof of concept trials. The discovery team at Incyte continues to create molecules with best-in-class potential. We've recently disclosed two new candidates an EGFR inhibitor 54828 and a BRD inhibitor 54329, both of which are expected to enter the clinic very shortly. The Fgr family of receptor tyrosine kinases can act as oncogenic drivers in a number of tumor types, most notably squamous non-small cell lung cancer, gastric and bladder cancer, and glioblastoma. Bromodomain-containing proteins or BRDs play important roles in mediating gene transcription, most notably by facilitating the expression of oncogenes such as MYC, one of the most frequently dysregulated oncogenes in all of human cancer. And lastly, a quick update on our partnered programs with Novartis and Lilly. Novartis continues to make progress in the clinical development of capmatinib, our potent and selective c-MET inhibitor. And with respect to baricitinib, the rheumatoid arthritis Phase III program being run by Lilly is ongoing. The BEACON Phase III trial of Baricitinib in RA patients with inadequate response to TNF inhibitors met its primary end point and, during 2015, we look forward to seeing data from the additional Phase II studies. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave to give us the financial highlights of the quarter and further outline our financial guidance for 2015.
David Hastings: Thanks, Rich, and good morning, everybody. I'll start today by discussing Q4 results and then review our 2015 guidance. We recorded $106 million of fourth quarter net product revenues and $15 million in Jakafi royalties from Novartis for sales outside of the United States. Our cost of product revenues of $2 million for the fourth quarter reflects the payment of royalties to Novartis on Jakafi sales. Both R&D and SG&A in the fourth quarter and the full year were within our expectations. For the full year 2014 R&D expense was $348 million and SG&A was $166 million. From a cash perspective, we ended the year with $600 million which includes a $60 million milestone payment that we received from Novartis in Q4. Now moving in 2015 guidance. As Jim mentioned, our net product revenue from Jakafi is expected to be in the range of $525 million to $565 million reflecting continued growth in underlying demand in MF and including revenue from the launch of PV. We do not intend to break out Jakafi sales by indication either historically or in guidance, but we do intend to provide a more comprehensive update on the PV launch after six months at our Q2 earnings call. Looking now at contract revenue expectations for 2015, we expect to recognize $13 million in contract revenue from the continued amortization of the upfront payment we received under the Lilly collaboration agreement. We do not anticipate earning any milestones under the collaboration agreement with Lilly during 2015. Under the Novartis collaboration agreement, we expect to earn up to $45 million in milestone revenue during 2015. Included in this figure is $25 million we earned with the positive opinion issued by CHMP on Jakafi and PV in late January. Novartis continues the successful global rollout of Jakafi ex-U.S. and reported over 70% sales growth in 2014 versus the previous year. We look forward to the anticipated continued growth of our royalty receipts from Jakafi. We expect that the cost of product revenue as a percent of net Jakafi sales in 2015 will be between 4% and 5% which includes our tiered low single digit royalty payments to Novartis on net sales of Jakafi in the United States. In 2015, we expect R&D expense to be in the range of $450 million to $500 million. This includes non-cash stock compensation expense of approximately $40 million to $45 million. The increase in R&D expense over 2014 includes the investments we are making across the clinical portfolio as well as upfront in some ongoing costs related to the Agenus alliance. Included in this amount is an upfront one-time payment to Agenus of $25 million. We expect SG&A expense to be in the range from $180 million to $200 million for full year 2015. This includes non-cash stock compensation of $30 million to $35 million. This moderate increase in SG&A expenses is primarily result of additional programs to support ongoing commercialization of Jakafi in MF and PV. We expect our interest expense this year to be $49 million including a non-cash charge of $36 million related primarily to the amortization of the discount on our convertible senior notes.  So as we enter 2015, the company has never been in a stronger financial position than it is today to fund our expanding pipeline. Finally, I'd like to thank Pam Murphy, our VP of IR and Corporate Communications, for all that she has done for Incyte over the past 12 years. Pam has announced to intentionally retire at the end of April this year and we wish the best of luck in her retirement. As part of the planned transition within IR Group weve promoted Mike Booth to VP, Investor Relations, and he will now be day-to-day contact person with The Street. Operator, that concludes our formal remarks. Please open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, well be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt: Thanks for taking the question. Pam, were going to miss you very much, but congrats to Mike and for that matter, Dave, on the new positions. Lets see, question maybe for Jim on Jakafi, and the quarter-on-quarter growth you saw; you mentioned that was 8%; its down a little bit, even last quarter I think organic growth for that 11%. So was there any inventory or the fluctuations or did you just not pick anything yet from the PV launch? How do you reconcile?
Jim Daly: Sure, Eric. Well if you look at total demand for the quarter, Eric, we grew 7% with dispense bottles and we had 5% on price for again total demand of 12%. Now that was partially offset by inventory. If you remember, we finished the third quarter with a $4 million inventory build due to price speculation in advance of the October 1 price increase. So in the fourth quarter, we essentially burned off that $4 million and we did not see an inventory build at the end of the fourth quarter. So as a result, we finished the fourth quarter at the low end, at the very low-end of our normal range of 3 to 3.5 weeks. And with respect to PV contribution, we really expected de minimis contribution from PV in December and thats what we saw.
Eric Schmidt: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ian Somaiya from Nomura Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya: Thanks. And Pam, again, we are really going to miss you. Mike will do an adequate job but I think you are always going to be our favorite. Having said that, just I have maybe a follow-up question to Eric, and Eric focus on 4Q; I was really curious about 2015 guidance. Again, you are basically pointing the numbers that are higher than what most of us were looking for. I was curious if you were to just help us think about what the contribution is from myelofibrosis, continuing contribution from there versus the incremental pickup from PV just keeping in mind that historically you said expected very slow steady launch in PV.
Jim Daly: Ian, I think the answer is almost contained within your question. Again, the low-end of the guidance still reflects a 47% year-over-year growth. It does reflect the uncertainties we have with the ramp of PV, but it does assume that we continue to grow MF and that we have a meaningful contribution from PV. And clearly the high-end of the guidance with 58% percentage growth assumes a faster ramp from PV largely and a consistent steady growth in MF. And at this point, we really cant add much more quantitatively than that.
Ian Somaiya: Okay. And just one other point I was just hoping to clarify was R&D guidance of 2015. I was hoping that or I was thinking that with the baricitinib trial including in 2015 that the R&D would start to come down. Is that just something we should expect to occur 2016?
David Hastings: Yes, so baricitinib, our contribution to baricitinib will be less this year than last year but not a whole lot less, but there will be a significant drop-off in the baricitinib support in 2016. And then the overall growth represents new programs that are getting more advanced Phase III programs and late Phase II programs so the overall is an increase from last year.
Ian Somaiya: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steve Byrne from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Byrne: Yes, I have -- and this was probably directed to Reid. Based on your understanding of the effects of JAK-STAT Inhibition on the tumor environment, do you see the anti-tumor effects as been primarily a direct impact on the tumor versus enabling other targeted inside of toxic therapies being more effective or the third bucket being restoring that patient's immune system? Is it all of the above or one more than other based on your understanding of the mechanism of action?
Reid Huber: Yes, thanks for the question, Steve; its a good one and as you can appreciate it a difficult one to tease out in the clinic at least at the stage of development where we are right now. As you pointed out, there are data to support the role of JAKs inhibitions both in a cell intrinsic manner in terms of supporting the direct proliferation and growth of the tumor there is certainly data that supports the role for JAKs Inhibition in attenuating the effect of targeted or cytotoxic chemotherapy and that is certainly an important mechanism. And as we'll talk about more of a outline at JPMorgan and we'll present more at ACR this year in April, there is an emerging data set including data derived from our own group here that JAK-STAT inhibition can shape the intertumoral micro environment. Exactly how those three aspects of the biology play out in any one histologic setting is difficult to say. I think what's important is they all support the potential for JAK inhibition in a solid tumor settings; they help contribute to our confidence in continuing this for ruxolitinib in solid tumors and I think very much substantiates our interest in JAK1 selective inhibition in the solid tumor landscape as well.
Steve Byrne: And just regarding that last bucket or last comment, would you see potential for it to be used in combination with other immune therapies that are either driving a stronger T-cell response or the checkpoint inhibitors; do you see much opportunities for synergy in those combinations?
Reid Huber: Sure, we think there is a potential there. Again, those will be data that we'll describe a little bit more in detail at ACR. Exactly what the development program looks like for JAK1 and how those specific combinations evolve over the course of the year is still up for discussion, but I would say thats something that we are very interested in thinking through carefully.
Steve Byrne: Okay. And just one for Jim. How would you view the outlook in this 25,000 patient targeted market in PV is in terms of what you think is a realistic peak penetration?
Jim Daly: Well I think our goal is always to have a 51% share of the addressable population. I think we would be disappointed if after a defensive commitment of educational resources we couldnt get half of the patients who need this product on it. Now the question is how long thats going to take? And as we've said, it's going to take time and its going to take education in order to increase the sense of urgency for patients to identify these patients and to identify them as appropriate candidate for Jakafi.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Matt Roden from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Peters: Hey, guys, it's actually Andrew Peters in for Matt; I wanted to add my congratulations and say that we'll miss Pam as well. First question for Jim, I guess. You mentioned kind of the uncontrolled PV patients currently in practice. I just wanted to understand I guess a little bit more on the dynamics there and why is there a little bit less urgency to get those patients treated and why you wouldnt expect a bolus from kind of the need to treat patients? And then the second one for Rich, just looking at kind of the Jakafi solid tumor trials that are ongoing, given kind of the unfortunate kind of short outcomes for the colorectal patients, just want to understand if there is any potential for earlier than expected readouts from the data maybe by the end of 2015 just from a timing perspective? Thanks.
Jim Daly: Yes. I'll take the uncontrolled PV question first. Question, why wouldn't you expect to see a bolus patients or more rapid initial uptake? I think there are several parts for the answer. I think the first is just the nature of the disease. It's viewed as a chronic, less severe disease with less of an urgent need to intervene on the part of physicians. Number two, I think there's still a lot of need for education in terms of disease burden and, specifically, which patients are at greatest risk for complications of uncontrolled PV. Add then, finally, the patients who are most acute, most obvious are already on the drug for PV due to the commercial availability. So that's why we didn't see a bolus of patients going on the product at time of approval, unlike MF where you simply do not have commercial availability. Now, if you think about why it takes time for physicians to work through that progression, our reps have to go in and it takes multiple calls for them to educate physicians on the data themselves on the response trial. Then they have to translate that to the indication statement, which is patients' who are inadequate -- who have inadequate response to or intolerant of, that's a relatively abstract indication and our reps have to work closely with the physicians to translate that into specific patients. And they are doing that right now, but again, that takes time. And the good news is that the challenges in the PV marketplace are all addressable and we are making good progress in addressing them.
Rich Levy: So this is Rich on your question about the colorectal study. So we certainly took into account the relatively short survival in these last-line patients when we came up with original estimates of data in 2016. The study is enrolling well, but that remains the great limiting step to when we have enough patients and enough unfortunately depth to analyze the study. So I would still guide to data in '16 and think that data in 2015 is almost impossible.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Salveen Richter from the SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter: Thanks for taking my question. Pam we will miss you, and Mike, congrats. A two pipeline question. Firstly, so how did your second PI3K differ from the first? And are you looking for combinations with JAK molecules and with IDO here? And then secondly, on baricitinib, any details on the nephropathy data, when we might see that? And then how we should think about the alopecia opportunity?
Rich Levy: Yes. So first starting with the delta inhibitors. The second of the delta inhibitors, I said in my prepared remarks was more potent, also has absolutely no liver toxicity in preclinical models. And with 40093, at the doses that we are studying, it's clean but it limits how high you might be able to go. So 50465 has the potential to go to even higher levels of inhibition. We don't know whether that would be clinically relevant or not. Secondly, we do intend to look at combinations with JAK1 with the combination but at this point in time, we are still in the dose finding portion as monotherapy and the combinations will start relatively soon. And with respect to the Lilly diabetic nephropathy data, we expect data to be in the public domain in the first half of the year, including presentation at a scientific meeting if accepted our abstracts that are going to be submitted are accepted to the intended meetings.
Salveen Richter: Okay. Great. How we should think about alopecia [indiscernible] --
Rich Levy: Okay. Can you repeat that question?
Salveen Richter: How we should think about alopecia and what you might do there going forward?
Rich Levy: Yes. So as was reported, publicly the oral ruxolitinib which was used by investigators at Columbia University showed very dramatic responses in terms of alopecia. And we have the exclusive rights to our topical ruxolitinib product. And we are planning to start a study later this year in patients with alopecia areata to determine whether a topical formulation can be as or nearly as effective as the oral formulation seem to be. So we might be able to provide greater details on that specifies of that study, should we -- at the time when that's posted on clinicaltrials.gov and we'd hope that there would be data also next year.
Salveen Richter: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. And my congratulations to Pam as well on your retirement and to Mike for new position. There was an interesting article published in the Journal yesterday about order of JAK2 and Type 2 mutations determining clinical manifestations and sensitivity to ruxolitinib. So I'm just wondering if this finding might have any practical, commercial implications in terms of what it might mean, could this get physicians to intervene earlier in the course of the disease. And then separately on the earlier stage pipeline, wonder if you can talk a little bit about the FGF inhibitor and sort of what differentiates that from some of the other small molecules in development perhaps in terms of its selectivity profile and [indiscernible], thanks.
Rich Levy: Yes, sure so I think the FGFR question first and then we'll discuss briefly the first question. So FGFR, its a competitive space; we recognize that and the field has evolved quite a lot over the last few years now with a number of VEGFR sparing FGFR selective inhibitors. And those are showing a very interesting clinical profile and they've shown the first objective responses in patients with FGFR mutated solid tumors those have been seen in squamous cell lung, bladder cancer and ever in glioblastoma. As we look at the programs that are ahead of us and we study those molecules carefully, we think that the best in class molecule has not yet been made, and our effort internally over the last year and a half was to try to develop, discover and develop that compound. So we like the preclinical profile of 54828 both in terms of potency, selectivity, PK and safety and what the challenge is now in the development side is to try to leverage the learnings from the competitors in this space to make much more efficient expeditious Phase I proof of concept clinical program. We have a companion diagnostic effort thats well underway in parallel with this program and if the drug lives up to its preclinical billing we're going to look to try to move that molecule and that companion diagnostic forward as rapidly as we can. In terms of the paper you mentioned, I'm not aware of the paper, so I dont want to comment on it. I might see if Jim wants to say anything about earlier use in MF as to how physicians get comfortable with the drug. But I certainly dont want to comment on a publication I haven't read.
Jim Daly: The only journal I read yesterday was The Wall Street Journal not the -- not the New England Journal so I dont think I can make an informed comment either.
Brian Abrahams: Okay. That's fair enough, and then may be just quick follow up for Jim. I think in response to one of the earlier questions you sort of suggested that the patients with PV at that grade need or may already have been on Jakafi, given it was commercially available. Can you give us any sense of just the proportion of patients on Jakafi who had PV I guess prior to the launch just sort of can may be tour up a little bit better how to think about what the existing kind of unmet need that remains in the second patient and how to think about the ramp going forward? Thank you.
Jim Daly: Sure, Brian. Brian, we dont want to get into specific numbers, but what I can tell you is that we did not see any increase in the non-MF usage leading up to the approval. Now there is two ways that a PV patient could be on Jakafi. One is if the physician wrote for the product, coded the patient as PV and the patient received it as a non-MF reimbursement. The other is that the patient was quite frankly continuing between PV and MF and the patient was coated with MF and receive the product. So it's very hard to lineate with precision how much PV business did we have prior to the formal approval. But again, we did not see any increase in non-MF use as based on coding prior to the approval.
Brian Abrahams: Thats very helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Whitney Ijem: Hi, good morning, everyone. This is Whitney on for Cory. I'd like to add my congratulations to Pam as well. You will be missed. I guess question that might sort of go to an earlier one but earlier this year you guys talked about synergies between JAK inhibition and IDO specifically. Any color you can give there in terms of how should we be thinking about the pass forward there; is that kind of the AACR data that we should be looking for for more clarity?
Jim Daly: Yes, so thats exactly why we'll be presenting the data at AACR and have a pretty full discussion of the potential impact of the date on our own clinical development efforts there. A little bit of tour say exactly what the next steps are but I would say that that combination, potentially the combinations are certainly on the table to consider.
Whitney Ijem: Great, and then not sure you'll comment but I'll ask. Can you give any color on where you are in terms of dose escalation in the IDO pembro study with an eye towards the when the expansion phase cold get going?
Rich Levy: Yes, so because of our established relationships with each of these companies who dont want company number two to get information from company numbers one on where the doses are. We really cant comment, but things are going very well. The Merck study has been underway since last summer, and basically the design is that you enroll three patients, you wait two months and everything goes well, you move up to the next if you needed to, enroll another cohort because of any events you would do that again. So things are progressing well, but I cant be quantitative as to where the data are. But we are optimistic that we will be well into the expansion Phases this year not only with the Merck compound but most likely with others as well.
Whitney Ijem: Great, thanks for the taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Josh Schimmer from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Schimmer: Great, thanks for taking the question. My congrats as well to Pam and Mike, and also my congrats to the topical JAK inhibitor, which I think Pam will appreciate. A quick question for Reid actually. There's a myriad of targets in oncology to choose from. Maybe you can help us understand the theme that links the clinical stage programs BRD PI3-Kinase, FGFR 3 and it's tough to understand the prioritization process and why this is the right fit for in the Incyte portfolio? Thanks.
Reid Huber: Yes, thanks, Josh, good question. I think one of the luxuries that we have as a discovery organization now that is different, let's say, from the situation seven or eight years ago is that we have a growing pipeline now that we can consider as sort of tools in the toolbox and look differently at new potential programs as to how they may fit in synergistic ways with other agents in our pipeline. The delta program, as you know, was really advanced in very large part because of the reason and synergies that we've observed with JAK1 and potentials that we thought we could bring the bear in terms of combination regimens in lymphoma disease. Its a similar line of thinking as we look at programs like the bromodomain inhibitor program, which is a very novel mechanism, but one that has shown a very broad activity in hemalignancies[ph] and even has the potential in some solid tumor settings. So there is a lot more we dont know about BRD inhibition than we do know. But the internal data shows quite nicely synergies with JAK1 inhibition even with PI3K inhibition and some of those data will be presented with the AACR. So I think that's one underlying theme of the early discovery portfolio is trying to leverage in club or ways the existing clinical portfolio to come up with novel, novel combination and to believe that those sorts of regiments will put us in a much more advantageous competitive position going forward. A program like FGFR while its sort of doesn't follow that same exact rule in terms of combinations, although it could, really gives us an accelerated path to approval. And so those kind of opportunities will always look very careful at, and when we can be opportunistic to have a very, very rapid Phase I to proof of concept to registration program those kinds of efforts will really have a targeted population, as you can appreciate, rise up to the top of the list pretty quickly.
Josh Schimmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question today is coming from Thomas Wei from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei: Thanks. Just wanted to get a little bit more detail on how the original IDO FBE[ph] trial has matured and what exactly we should be expecting to see at ASCO in terms of patients and doses? And then also just on this PV launch initially, I know you are still early in it and there isn't much to share. But what have you -- have you learned anything from some of the early feedback here that's different, more positive, negative, the higher end of the guidance here, maybe a signal that you've seen some things that have surprised you positively in this market? Any help would be great.
Rich Levy: So I'll answer your first question. So with respect to the IDO [indiscernible] remember that this is not a combination that we are pursuing at this time. We do plan to give an update on the data. In collaboration with the investigators it was decided that we will have a more robust data set for presentation at ASMO rather than ASCO, so that is the current plan. But in terms of what to expect, we have about somewhere close to 40 patients that are now included in that data set, was a little bit less in 20 I think at the ASCO presentation in 2014. So not only will you have a larger number of patients but you also have longer-term follow-up not only on the patients that were talked about last year but even with waiting for the data for ASMO longer-term follow-up on the patients who have been enrolled in the past year.
Jim Daly: And Thomas, in terms of PV it is extremely early. So I think the only thing we can share with you are preliminary impressions. But I'll give you a few impressions. First one, including the patients that are there, having been out with the representatives, these patients who are poorly managed on hydrea they are definitely there. Now it requires multiple representative visits in order to identify them. As we talked about in the past, docs tend to be lumpers; when you ask them about their PV patients, they tend to generalize and say they're doing fine. It isn't [indiscernible] focus on the minority of patients, but it's an important minority who are either experiencing tolerability issues with hydrea. Hematocrit is above 45. It isn't until you are able to focus on those patients that you really get traction. And that takes multiple visits. From an access and reimbursement perspective, I think things are going according to plan. Prior authorizations are consistent with the label and patient out-of-pocket costs have been reasonable and very manageable. But again it's very early. I think it's too early to call victory on access and reimbursement. We have been pleasantly surprised by the uptick of samples. I think there is a good rationale to use samples in PV. It's a symptomatic disease with a measurable treatment target. The benefits of Jakafi are manifest pretty early. So it really is an ideal situation to use samples to create risk free trial, generate positive experience and create an autocatalytic process. So the sample uptick has been robust. Now it's going to take time to see how that translates into patients on pain drug, how long it takes and what type of pull through we get, but the initial sample uptake has been positive. So as we look at all the puts and takes I'd say we remain pretty balanced and realistic in our view of the commercial potential in PV, but again our conviction is high that it represents a major opportunity to improve care for patients and a major opportunity for our business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ian Somaiya from Nomura Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya: Hi, thanks for the follow up. Just wanted to figure out or confirm timing for the baricitinib diabetic nephropathy trial. According to clinic trials that trial finished in the fourth quarter. And just a question for Reid. Just was wondering if you have any programs or any development activities related to CDK4/6 inhibitors?
Jim Daly: Do you want to take the first one, Rich?
Rich Levy: So the diabetic nephropathy study, as I said, I think intense to submit the data to a scientific meeting and one possibility for example would be the ADA meetings in June, but they're not willing to comment on exactly what the likelihood of that is in terms of being presented. So I think thats when the data will come out. It's not something that I think they feel like they need to top line immediately as was the case with their Phase III registration studies in RA.
Reid Huber: Yes, and with respect to the CDK4/6, its an interesting mechanism, but its not one that we are pursuing internally although we certainly keep our eyes on it and may be an important point of combination with some other agents in the emerging pipeline.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just to ask a little bit more about the alopecia. Do you think this was something specific to ruxolitinib, is it a JAK1/2 phenomenon? I mean the results in a couple of people look pretty spectacular, what's driving this? Have you seen that as a kind of side effect benefit for other patients in MF? Trying to understand the magnitude.
Reid Huber: Yes, so we believe the JAK1s would probably work as well as JAK1/2s, but we don't have models and we havent done the experiments to be able to prove that, but we do know that ruxolitinib has a JAK1/2 works incredibly well as an oral and we believe that we can get drug into the hair follicle topically and, therefore, it may have benefit there as well. But in terms of what may emerge over the years as other potential therapies and what their profiles might be I cant really say.
Liisa Bayko: The results that we are seeing what doses where they using there?
Reid Huber: I think they were generally starting at around 20 mg BID, but I dont remember whether they set at those patients needed any dose adjustment so they just stated at 20. But that doesnt mean that a dose of 5, 10 or 15 and I wouldnt -- I would suspect 5 is going to be less effective but for most things we see with ruxolitinib 10 mg BID is a very good dose, so and may very well have worked similarly at lower doses as well, but they just dont have that data either.
Liisa Bayko: And your vision for the topical, would that be like a cream or some sort of solution? Im just trying to understand what the --
Reid Huber: So the only formulation that weve developed is the cream. If the proof of concept study in alopecia is positive, then either us alone or us with a partner or potential licensee and all those things are possible, might then decide to develop other formulations. For the long term might be a better option for some people in certain circumstances, but the cream is a very nice formulation and can certainly not only be used to do the study but we think it could be a successful commercial product on its own should the results be positive.
Liisa Bayko: And is there any anecdotal evidence just kind of commercial setting where youve had obviously a lot of patients with MF and PV I guess?
Reid Huber: Im not aware of that per see, it maybe and we were never told. But I think if I remember correctly, I think that tofacitinib, which is the Pfizer drug, might have had an on label use of the drug and the patient that happened to also have alopecia, and that might have been what led to the clinical study at Columbia. But I also think that the Columbia group is very focused in the biology and believe that JAK inhibition should work, and that was not based on anecdotal report but based on the science and then proven in the clinic. And I dont know what their plans are to potentially give any updates on the clinical data that was reported I think in Nature Medicine last year.
Liisa Bayko: Okay, fair enough, enough on that. For FGFR, have you said which R you're targeting?
Jim Daly: I think we have, Liisa, at FGFR 1, 2 and 3
Liisa Bayko: Okay. And then you said there was a PV some up level usage singling on for a while can you maybe characterize and someway like how many patients or percentage-wise to get a sense of that?
Reid Huber: Liisa, I think it will be false precision; we really dont want to get into a specific quantitative assessment of that. Its been relative small portion of our overall business and again weve not seen an increase prior to the approval.
Liisa Bayko: Okay. And then final question, you kind of commented that you had moved swiftly forward with IDO, some of the combinations look promising. Could that be a '15 event or is that a '16 event? Thats my last question. Thank you.
Reid Huber: You mean in terms of a data with IDO in terms of in combination with the PD-1s or PD-L1s?
Liisa Bayko: Exactly. Moving you said sort of expressly moving toward -- that would be next year 
Reid Huber: Yes, we still think that the data is most likely to come out in '16. For the data to be clear enough to talk about in 15 things would need to move very rapidly in the results in a small number of patients would need to be very clear. So, nothing is impossible but I think the expectation should be 15 -- 16 data presentation of IDO information.
Operator: Thank you. Weve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the floor back over Mr. Hoppenot for any further or closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot: Okay. Thank you all for your time today for you question. As we discussed with you we are looking forward to a series of important and exciting value driver to the next year. And with that, I thank you again for your time and look forward to talking to you again at our first quarter conference call in April and at ASCO. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Pamela Murphy  VP, IR & Corporate Communications Herv Hoppenot  President and CEO Jim Daly  EVP, CCO David Hastings  EVP, CFO Reid Huber  EVP, CSO Richard Levy  EVP, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer
Analysts: Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co. Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray Michael Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC Salveen Richter  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Somaiya  Nomura Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Christopher Marai  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Pamela Murphy, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you, you may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes third quarter 2014 conference call. Herv Hoppenot, our President and CEO will begin with a few words summarizing the quarter, and Jim Daly, who leads our commercial organization, will provide details on Jakafis strong momentum. Rich Levy who is in charge of Incytes drug development activities will update you on our clinical portfolio, and Dave Hastings, our CFO, will describe our third quarter financial results. Then well open up the call for Q&A, for which well be joined by Reid Huber, who leads discovery. Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, and our development plans for Jakafi in other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline, as well as our expectations for our net product revenue, R&D expense and SG&A expense. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Pam, and good morning everyone. Let me begin by speaking about our CFO transition that was just announced a few days ago. It is a transition that has been planned and organized over the past several months. And I want to start by thanking Dave Hastings who will be leaving Incyte at the end of November, for all of his contribution to our successes over the years. Im sure I speak for all within the company and many outside of it when I say that he has played an integral role in driving Incyte from an early stage drug discovery company to one that has successfully commercialized its first product. We wish Dave all the best and also thank him for agreeing to remain at Incyte until the end of the month to ensure seamless transition with David Gryska who will be joining us tomorrow. The overlap between the two of them should prevent any issues associated with the transition. Moving now to the result of the third quarter, the performance of Jakafi in Q3 surpassed our expectation and leads us to raise our full year guidance for Jakafi net product revenues. We are making significant investments in the long-term success of both our development pipeline and our drug discovery engine.  Were also ready pending the anticipated approval from the FDA to launch ruxolitinib in the U.S. for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response or are intolerant to hydroxyurea. We believe that our pipeline of potential cancer therapies is unparalleled in a company of our size and we continue to move forward on many fronts. We are recruiting patients into a series of studies investigating the potential of both ruxolitinib and our JAK1 inhibitor 39110 in solid tumor, as well as initiating combination study of our IDO1 inhibitor with other immuno-oncology agents. Were also looking forward to the results from Lilly of four Phase III trials of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis. I will now pass to Jim who will provide some additional details around our commercial accomplishments with Jakafi.
Jim Daly: Thank you, Herv, and good morning everyone. Our third quarter net product revenues of $98 million for Jakafi reflect continued strong growth in underlying demand in intermediate or high risk myelofibrosis. Year-over-year net sales grew 63% and quarter-over-quarter sales grew 16% with the following components of change relative to the prior quarter. Underlying demand, as measured by bottles dispensed to patients, grew by 11%. The net price impact for the quarter was 1% driven by a slight improvement in gross to net. Four points came from inventory or an increase of approximately $4 million. We believe this was driven by speculative buying from a few wholesalers at the end of the quarter in anticipation of our October 1 price increase. Inventory in the channel ended the quarter in the middle of the normal range of 3 to 3.5 weeks. As a result of current performance trends, weve increased our 2014 full year net product revenue guidance from the previous range of $330 million to $340 million to an updated range of $350 million to $360 million. Our guidance assumes no meaningful contribution to revenues in 2014 from a potential FDA approval of Jakafi in PV.  We believe the strong increase in underlying demand in the third quarter reflects the continued effective execution of our strategy to grow Jakafi in MF bolstered by the expansion of our sales force early in the year and the FDA approval of the label update in late July.  The sales force expansion has resulted in a significant increase in promotional activity and educational programs as compared to the same period last year. According to our market research, the label update which contains updated safety and dosing information as well as the Kaplan-Meier curves from COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II has already resulted in an increase in awareness and impact of the survival data on physician behavior. Overall, we remain convinced that MF is a source of sustainable long term growth for Jakafi. Turning to our next potential new indication, we are fully prepared to launch Jakafi in polycythemia vera pending expected FDA approval. Based upon claims data, there are at least 100,000 patients in the U.S. diagnosed and treated for PV. Our addressable population will be those who are intolerant of or have had an inadequate response to hydroxyurea.
 : With that, Ill turn it over to Rich.
Richard Levy: Thanks, Jim. We have multiple trials ongoing across our portfolio in multiple indications and Ill now give you a short progress report on our key pipeline drivers. Our near term focus remains on the FDA review of the ruxolitinib sNDA in advanced polycythemia vera. The FDA accepted the submission for priority review in August and assigned a PDUFA date of December 5. Turning to Jakafi in solid tumors, the two global phase III JANUS studies evaluating the use of ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine for the second line treatment of pancreatic cancer, continue to enroll patients and we expect top-line results from these trials during 2016. Similarly, the randomized Phase II trials of ruxolitinib in non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer and colorectal cancer are all enrolling patients as planned.  Were also moving forward with Incyte 39110, our selective JAK1 inhibitor on several fronts. Were enrolling a proof-of-concept Phase II trial of 39110 in patients with EGFR wild type non-small cell lung cancer in combination with docetaxel. In the next two or three months we expect to open a second Phase II trial of 39110 in combination with our erlotinib in patients with EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer.  We are also making good progress with 110 in combination with gemzar and abraxane. Weve selected a dose of 110 that can be combined with gem/abraxane and are in the planning stages to potentially begin in 2015 a fully powered randomized blinded controlled study in first-line pancreatic cancer. Well provide further information in this study when our plans are finalized and are ready to begin enrollment. Lastly, we are also studying 110 with Incyte 40093, our PI3K-delta inhibitor in patients with B-lymphoid malignancies. JAK1 and in PI3K-delta inhibition are distinct mechanisms of action and they exhibit synergy in preclinical models of lymphoma. The combination study is ongoing and we look to present at a medical conference when the data are more mature. Moving now to our IDO inhibitor 24360. Recruitment into the trial of 24360 and Mercks anti-PD-1 pembrolizumab in patients with non-small cell lung cancer is progressing. This is the KEYNOTE trial - KEYNOTE-037 trial and we expect to initiate dosing in three other studies of IDO plus either PD-1 inhibitors or PD-L1 inhibitors from Bristol-Myers, AstraZeneca and Genentech within the next month.
 : With that Ill now turn the call over to Dave to give us the financial highlights for the quarter. Dave?
David Hastings:  Thanks, Rich. Good morning everybody. Lets begin with Jakafi for which we recorded $97.8 million of third quarter net product revenues, and $12.1 million in product royalties from Novartis for sales of Jakavi outside the United States. Additionally, we recorded $88.2 million in contract revenue, including two milestones from Novartis. $25 million for the approval of Jakavi in Japan and $60 million related to the reimbursement of Jakavi in Europe.  Our gross and net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $10.6 million, or 9.8% for the third quarter. We still expect that our full year growth to net adjustment will range from 9% to 10%. Our cost of goods sold for the third quarter was immaterial, as we continue to benefit from the fact that our starting finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. Now in terms of operating expenses for the year, we expect that our R&D expense will be on the low end of our guidance of $350 million to $370 million. And in terms of our SG&A expense we expect that be on the high end of our guidance of $145 million to $155 million.  From a cash perspective, we ended the quarter with $532 million which does not include the $60 million milestone payment that we expect to receive in Q4. Our cash position continues to benefit from increasing product, royalty and milestone revenue which allows us to appropriately invest in our growing development pipeline. Now on a personal note, as you know this will be my last call as CFO of Incyte and I want to thank everyone who has supported me throughout the years, particularly my team here, as well as you of course, our analysts and investors. Personally Ive never been more confident about the future of Incyte to become one of the leading global oncology focused companies in our industry. So with that operator that concludes our formal remarks. Please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Thomas Wei of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question, your line is live.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Thanks. I had a Jakafi question and a 360 question. On Jakafi just wanted to understand a little bit more about the growth and underlying demand that you had talked about. Do you think that thats a new patient driven phenomenon and is that just more within the current label, is it earlier stage disease, off label use in PV, or is it an attrition/compliance thing? And then on 360, just a reminder on any detail that you shared on the size of each one of these dosing cohorts in the pembrolizumab study and how long, just a reminder of how long you think it might take to do each dosing cohort before we get into the dose expansion study?
Jim Daly: Hi Thomas, this is Jim. In terms of the underlying strength of the business, first from a physician perspective, I think were seeing both breadth and depth of prescribing. Were seeing new physicians coming on board prescribing Jakafi for the first time and were also seeing greater depth of prescribing with existing prescribers. At a patient level were seeing strength in new patient starts and were also seeing continued consistent improvement in persistency over time.  In terms of the primary driver I really think the expanded sales force is hitting full stride right now. I think our sales force and our commercial team overall is executing at a very high level. I dont think we felt the full impact of the label update in the third quarter. If you remember, the label is updated at the end of July, we had a trained sales force on how to properly communicate the new label information in August. So I think were just starting to feel the impact of the label update. I think the strength in the third quarter was primarily due to the expansion in our sales force. It takes time once you realign territories to manage disruption, to get new people trained, but I think they really hit full stride in the third quarter.
Richard Levy:  Hi, Thomas, its Rich. So on the IDO plus pembrolizumab question, so were using three plus three standard designs for dose escalation starting at the 25 milligram BID dose and working up from there. The observation period for DLTs is six weeks and then if there is one DLT within that group, then after that finishes out then we would need to add another one. So were estimating nine weeks per cohort, but that could either be  I mean that nine weeks per cohort that doesnt need to get expanded and potentially another nine weeks if it does. We are not planning to try to get up to doses of 300 milligrams for example. We think that 25 milligram BID is a dose that is likely going to be effective and were just trying to see whether we can get a little bit more. But until we really have a better sense of how many dose escalations there are and whether there needs to be expansion of cohorts its really hard to know exactly when we would then go into the randomized phase of that study comparing our IDO inhibitor plus the PD1 inhibitor versus the PD1 alone in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. And while there are minor differences between the studies in terms of the first part, theyre quite similar. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Can you first talk about Japan market size and economics I know youve just recently gotten approval there.
Herv Hoppenot: We cannot  Herv speaking here. Ruxolitinib rights for Japan are with Novartis. We know the approval and reimbursement is now achieved and frankly I dont want to comment on the size and the potential size of that market for Novartis. In the big picture view of whats happening with ruxolitinib outside of the U.S. is that there are a number of countries where recently like Japan reimbursement has been obtained. And were anticipating that the growth of the ruxolitinib Jakavi business outside of the U.S. will continue to be very dynamic over the next years. But I would not comment specifically about the size of the market in Japan.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Even patient numbers?
Herv Hoppenot:  No, no.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay. Okay. And just turning to PV, can you just update us on sort of what youre thinking about timing in terms of commercial launch, I know its getting towards the end of the year when your PDUFA date is and market preparedness. Can you just elaborate on that a little bit?
Richard Levy: Sure. Lisa, our PDUFA date is December 5. The timing could not be better as that is the kick off to our ASH meeting. We are fully prepared from a commercial perspective to launch upon receipt of the approval.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, great. And then, can you maybe talk about any potential trials in your oncology portfolio that could report out data next year?
Richard Levy: Yes. I would not set an expectation of any major disclosures in our oncology portfolio next year, but I wont close the door to the possibility that something could have better than expected results, so that the results become clear to us earlier than we might have otherwise thought. So I just would not guide either for our JAK program in solid tumors or for the IDO program also in solid tumors for any significant disclosures in 2015. I think 2016 on the other hand will end up having a lot of information come out into the public domain.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, great. And then, maybe one more question for Rich. When you think about 110 and the PI3 kinase combo, where do you see that fitting in the world where you have ibrutinib and idelalisib? Where could you have an advantage from a physician perspective? Thanks.
Richard Levy:  Yes, Ill ask Reid to actually get more into the science if thats important to you. But there clearly are resistance patterns with both PI3K-deltas as well as BTK inhibitors like ibrutinib that suggest that JAK inhibition could reverse in some of those patients, the inhibition, which also leaves the possibility that you may develop resistance less quickly if you were using both drugs onboard at the same time and thats kind of the hypothesis that were working on. Reid, I dont know if you want to add anything to that?
Reid Huber: Yeah, I would just say that there are some B-lymphoid malignancies where ibrutinib and idelalisib have not been as important or as transformational as they have for instance in CLL, Ill give you one example of diffused large B-cell lymphoma where weve spent quite a bit of time studying the interaction between the PI3K-delta and JAK-STAT pathway, so its biology like that and clinical opportunities such as that one that really underpin the basis for the combination study and well be studying those patients as part of the expansion cohort once we get there. 
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, great. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much for taking the question. I just want to say, Dave youll be missed, youre awesome and good luck with everything in the future.
David Hastings: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Really impressive Jakafi performance, I just want to get a little bit more into the number there. Can you talk about whether or not the data at ASCO in PV and pancreatic may have driven any sort of prescriber initiated spontaneous adoption in those settings and to what extent you are seeing that there?  And then also on the inventory side, you mentioned youre still in the normal range of inventory. Jim, should we expect that as the product is growing that inventory is going to continue to contribute to sales growth, just in sort of keeping up with the increasing level of demand, is that the way we should be thinking about that? Thanks.
Jim Daly:  Thanks, Matt. First non-MF use has been relatively consistent throughout the year, so we did not see any significant increase in non-MF use as a result of the PV data presented at ASCO. Second on the inventory, we finished the quarter at about 3.3 weeks of inventory which is a little higher than our typical inventory level. If you look at the quarter, net sales increased by $14 million going from $84 million in the second quarter to $98 million in the third quarter. Of that increase about $4 million was inventory and that was driven, we believe by some speculation on the part of some wholesalers. Now to your point, Matt, our inventory calculation is based upon most current sales, so if sales grow you would expect each week of inventory to increase, so, we do expect to be carrying slightly more inventory over time as our sales increases.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then Rich, I wanted to ask on baricitinib. Can you confirm whether or not the Phase III for baricitinib that has Humira as a competitor whether or not there is actually a test for superiority as the secondary endpoint there? And I guess related or maybe unrelated is what level of Phase III activity in this first study that were going to get would get you guys excited about the potential for this to be more like a mainstream competitor in RA as opposed to sort of a product that would be used after biologics? Thanks.
Richard Levy: Sure. So the way the study that has Humira as one of the control arms works, is that the primary endpoint is based on comparison to [contingent] [ph] methotrexate alone, and then this is a series of tests that get done before you actually do get to test for superiority versus Humira including first testing for non-inferiority to Humira. So there is pathway, which I have high expectations that that will get to be tested without failing on something else first. But its not certain to be tested depending upon how that goes.  With respect to the first study, this is in TNF inadequate responders, a population that we and Lilly did not specifically study in the JADA study, that was reported out a couple of years ago, which is all in patients who are TNF-naive Or - we had a few patients in our first Phase IIa study, who were TNF inadequate responders, and they seemed to do as well. And additionally with tofacitinib they have clear data showing that they are superior to methotrexate alone in TNF-IRs. I dont want to put a number on it, I do think that one of the things we tend to look at, in addition to things like ACR20 results are this becoming more-and-more emphasis on the percentage of patients who go into a remission, which is typically defined by DAS 28 score less than 2.6 or 2.7. And those data have been something that within the Phase II studies baricitinib showed more impressive results than a number of other drugs including tofacitinib. So thats one of the things that I would tend to look at, but I do think that to look at the ultimate success of baricitinib, it will include not just this first study, but the results across the board in early RA and patients with TNF-naive and TNF experienced, as well as the comparative safety databases of the two programs. 
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC:
 : 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. I just want to pass on my congratulations to Dave, thanks for all the work over the years.
David Hastings: Thanks Eric.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC: For Jim maybe on MF trends, it looks like you are at around $400 million annualized run rate, you just posted 63% year-on-year growth, you noted that you still have to have the overall survival benefit mostly on the [com] [Ph]. So, is it time to start thinking that this market is quite a bigger than weve been thinking and if so, how big?
Jim Daly: Eric, Ill chunk your questions down into two parts, so part A, is it time to be thinking that maybe there is greater upside in MF that we originally thought? I think the answer to that probably is yes. When we first looked at MF representing a $0.5 billion plus or minus opportunity that was two years ago and at the time thats seemed like an aspirational assessment, based on the facts that you quoted, it now looks to be somewhat conservative. What we would like to do is get a couple of quarters of PV under our belt and then maybe come back to you with a more updated and an informed view of the overall longer term MPN commercial potential.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, fair enough. And maybe a quick one for Rich on the approaching PDUFA date for PV. Is there anything surprising or remarkable that youd want to tell us about your FDA discussions at this point?
Richard Levy: Well, no, and I consider that to be good news. So, its going very smoothly and you never know until its over but we are pretty optimistic that things are going smoothly.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on the quarter and my congrats and best of luck to Dave as well.
David Hastings: Thank Brian.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Just want to understand a little bit more about potential PV dynamics, once you have label expansion. Jim, have you had any initial interactions with payers around PV at this point and how should we thinking about the pricing and reimbursement process relative to MF? And then I guess also on the commercial side, Im just wondering how well aware or educated physicians are now ahead of the PV launch. Is the reason that you are seeing limited off label use today really reimbursement issue or is it the fact that you dont yet have the ability to really detail the data and inform the physicians?
Jim Daly: We have had extensive interactions with payers over this past year, our account team has been engaging payers, educating them on the disease burden of PV; there was a payer meeting up in Boston a couple weeks ago, the AMCP, and I had a chance to personally engage with a large number of payers. And the feedback were receiving is that they will most likely what they call PA it to the label which means they will prior authorize PV to the language in the approved label. And were fine with that. As weve stated numerous times, we see a large unmet need in the one out of four patients whore uncontrolled right now with hydroxyurea. In terms of the absence of off-label use, our sense is that as largely driven by reimbursement. There is a growing awareness by physicians of the sub population of PV patients under their care, but until you have an approved product and more importantly you have reimbursement I think more and more of these days were seeing a reluctance to prescribe. So we anticipate that with approval and with relatively hassle free reimbursement that we should see good uptake with the indication.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up for Rich. Im curious, if there is other combinations of targeted therapies in solid tumors that you might be thinking about looking at with Jakafi or 110 in the future?
Richard Levy: Yeah, there are. We just need to decide whether we want to keep making additional investments before we get readouts on the number of trials. So, I described to you in addition to the two Phase III studies with Jakafi we are talking about a potential additional study with Jakafi in first line pancreatic cancer for 2015. And we have the three Phase IIs going on and for 39110 we just prescribed two non-small cell lung cancer studies plus the study in combination with the delta inhibitor. So clearly there are other opportunities out there. We just need to make a decision as a company as to what is the trigger for starting some of these things. But as a whole I dont see any reason why our targeted therapies wouldnt be just as good combinations where they exist as for other more classical chemotherapies. It just depends upon the opportunity.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Navdeep Singh of Goldman Sachs.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning guys and thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the strong quarter. A quick question for Jim. Jim what do you think was the larger driver of Jakafi growth in Q3. Was it an increased penetration or was it longer duration of use, and then a couple of follow-ups?
Jim Daly: Nav, I think its difficult to quantify. I hate to say that it was multi-factorial but I think we saw both contributing to the underlying demand. I think we had a very robust increase in new patients combined with a continued increase in persistency over time. So I think both factors contributed meaningful to the quarter.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs: And Jim just a follow-up to that, do you still think youre in the early innings of the MF launch or are we in the middle  mid innings or do you know where we are?
Jim Daly: Well, were seeing no indications of a slowdown. If you take a look at new patient starts month-over-month, were not seeing any indications of slowdown. So now that the World Series is over, we may have to find a different analogy but underlying growth continues to look very robust.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thats helpful. And then given the strong quarter and the strong go forward commentary, your guidance for Jakafi seems pretty conservative and requires only a single-digit growth or low single digit growth quarter-over-quarter to hit the bottom end of your guidance of $350 million to $360 million. Are you expecting any like any headwinds in Q4?
Jim Daly: No, we have a very strong third quarter, but I think we need to remain sober. We did have $4 million in inventory build that we have to burn. If you re-base the third quarter for that $4 million, the low end of guidance $350 million requires a 9% quarter-over-quarter growth, the high-end requires a 16% quarter-over-quarter growth. So, we think that range $350 million to $360 million is both ambitious and achievable.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs:  Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Josh Schimmer with Piper Jaffray. 
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray:  Thanks for taking my question. My sentiments as well to Dave, its been a pleasure working with you over the past many years. 
David Hastings: Thanks Josh. 
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray:  And one question for you Dave before we let you go. On the last call, you mentioned that with on a fully diluted basis we should expect share count in the range of 205 million to 210 million. It looks like you have come in well below that. Im wondering if you could help clarify kind of where  what that represents and why the difference?  And then maybe just one other question to get them all in. As we think about the strategy with the PV launch, the revenue should probably reflect considerably next year. How is the Group thinking about managing the P&L? Is it going to be towards profitability and earnings growth or is it going to be more towards reinvestment in R&D? And when do you think you should be making that transition to a sustainable earnings positive trajectory? Thank you. 
David Hastings:  So just on the EPS count, so the difference there really is the 2018 and 2020 notes, which in this calculation are anti-dilutive Josh, because the add back interest does not impact, like the 2015 notes, so thats the difference between fully diluted that were reporting and the fully diluted shares for the company.
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot: Herv here, on the second question, I think you have to look at it - we agree with you. I mean there is a chance for a number of years growing top line and the question becomes how do we allocate our spending and the way we think about it is based on two dimensions  one is to be prudent with our spending, so that we dont spend the money before we make it, so thats one aspect of the philosophy, but the second one is to maximize the potential of our pipeline and to look at opportunities to obviously maximize the long term of the organization. So, you know from our development program, on the early stage we are really maximizing the funding of the programs that are going to go into the clinic over the next few months and on the clinical stage as Rich was describing, we have very important information on ruxolitinib in solid tumors in 2016 with the three phase II studies and the two phase III studies in pancreatic cancer. We have the 39110 program that has been increased in size over the past few weeks and months and now has a number of important questions that are being asked and obviously depending on the result of this question it will lead us to a fairly large program in Phase III or not and we have the IDO question that have been also asked at this point that will lead us to potentially what could be a very significant Phase III program. So, frankly thats the way we look at it, so the result on profitability will be coming out of this clinical result. If these clinical results are promising enough we would invest in our own pipeline and maximize the value over the long term.
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Leerink. Please proceed.
Michael Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. How does the Genentech acquisition of the new link, IDO inhibitor affect your relationship with them for your program?
Richard Levy: Sure. So this is Rick. So, we are still going ahead with our planned study with the combination of Genentechs PD-L1 inhibitor and our IDO as planned. And while I cant talk about the specifics of the collaboration agreement with them we remain confident that the proposal protects our interest in doing this study.
Michael Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC: Great. And I guess, you mentioned in order to maximize the value for the IDO inhibitor you are looking at immuno-oncology combinations more broadly and I was wondering outside PD-1, PD-L1 whether you are looking at other potential combination partners at this point and what your plans are in that regard?
Richard Levy: Yeah. So were not ready to talk specifically about any combinations whether it be with our own internal products or with further collaborations. We do think that the PD-1, PD-L1s are kind of being - and continue to be an important component of combinations here. And so we think that our focus this year on demonstrating the safety and activity in combination with PD-1s or PD-L1s is central to our strategy. Reid do you want to add anything to that?
Reid Huber: Yeah. Id just say that we have fairly robust internal effort to understand places where IDO inhibition can add value even beyond the PD-1, PD-L1 and as Rich said thats clearly the most important task at hand is to demonstrate that benefit first, but even beyond that there is efforts to evaluate the drug in combination with internal assets in our pipeline and of course the immuno-oncology landscape is changing pretty dynamically quarter-over-quarter. We now have immuno-agonists entering into the clinic. We have other antagonists, we have vaccines that are starting to emerge and have a placement treatment landscape and even other therapies like bi-specifics and CAR T cell, all these things are on our radar screen and well be as thoughtful and opportunistic as we can going forward, but always based on what we think the science tells us to do.
Michael Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC:  Great, thanks. And one more, can you remind me of the overlap in the PV and MF prescriber base?
Jim Daly: Yes, its a very high overlap. Today, we have a target audience of about 6,500 physicians for MF. We see that expanding to about 8,000 physicians for PV. So the overlap is very high.
Michael Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with SunTrust.
Salveen Richter  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks for taking my question. Davre, firstly congratulations on a great job at Incyte, and it really has been a pleasure working with you.
David Hastings: Thank you Salveen.
Salveen Richter  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So with regards to the IDO, just wondering, any decisions on tumor choice thats going to be driven by upcoming data readouts like liquid tumor data at ASH and then when would we see data from the 75 milligram dose group in the study with Yervoy?
Richard Levy: Yeah. So were - with our partners even though we have certain indications that are picked for different studies, we are actively in discussion with some of the collaborators about potentially adding in additional tumor types at some point. So were constantly looking at the data and updating our plans. And in terms of the additional data from the ipilimumab study, we do anticipate presenting this at an upcoming scientific meeting. But were not a 100% sure at this point in time, exactly which one that will be.
Salveen Richter  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. And then just in terms of just the outlook for strategy for pipeline growth here, you have been focused on in-house R&D to date for  in house R&D in terms of pipeline growth and just wondering what your strategy here going forward might be as you look at M&A and in licensing.
Herv Hoppenot:  I think what youve to  you have to look at potential external growth, as what it is adding to what we have. And the reality of our current flow of products in the pipeline is that its very rich both on the clinical side and the pre-clinical side. So the plan A is to maximize our internal pipeline and that is really what we are working on. At the same time, and its not or its really and, we are also looking at what would be complementary to what we have, like I think its really a diligence obligation that we have. And it could happen that something would be complementary and good enough to justify doing external growth. But I want to say, I mean the internal pipeline as it is, when you develop it over the next 5 or 10 years is really providing, already a very good base plan for the corporation. So that is really the thinking; we want to maximize internally and we are looking, because also looking around is giving us a lot of information on what is happening in the world of onco and immuno oncology.
Salveen Richter  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks, Herv.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Byrne of Bank of America
Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Does the reduction of tumor induced inflammation with your anti-Jak strategy have any impact on expression levels of checkpoint inhibitors?
Reid Huber: So I dont think we have any data that really speaks to that. What we do know is that PD-L1 expression is governed by a host of cytokines, most importantly interferon gamma and so its expression level clearly is at least in part, dictated by what that local immune environment is. How Jak1, Jak2 or selective Jak1I inhibition may alter that is still an open question I think at this point, but it is probably a very complex question and much more complex in just interferon-gamma and PDL-1 as the ultimate governors of iner-tumoral immunity ore multi factorial and Jak inhibition itself is a very pleiotropic mechanism. So, this requires some pretty careful work and probably also will require some clinical translational studies to know for sure what governs these dynamics in man.
Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And Reid, do you see other drugs in development that essentially affirm or potentially compete with this strategy of yours to address tumor induced inflammation?
Reid Huber: Well, there have been efforts over the years as you know to study anti-inflammatory agents in cancer, probably most notably the anti-TNFs and even some work early on with anti L6. Those studies were generally unremarkable in terms of the data they produced, but they also were relatively unfocused in terms of the kinds of patients they enrolled certainly categorizing patients in terms of inflammatory status and focusing on specific histologies where perhaps this biology is most operative. We know that Gilead is in the area. Of course, we follow their work very closely. We study their compound very closely. I dont think thats going to be the end of the entrants into the space if the data we have with RECAP are confirmed in the JANUS studies. If we see activity with ruxolitinib or 110 and other solid tumor scenarios, I think thats very likely to open up an entire new area of thinking about how to treat patients with oncology, with cancers and treating the host as much as youre treating the tumor. So were kind of on the leading edge here. There is some competition, but if were successful we can be sure there is going to be other competition. Were committed to staying at the front edge of that space as long as we can.
Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then I have one quick one for Jim and that is with respect to the ex-U.S. market opportunity for Jakavi, it seems as if your revenue trends in Jakafi have really accelerated more so than the ex-U.S. market. Do you see the ex-U.S. opportunity to be meaningfully different than the U.S. or do you just think it is going to chunkier?
Jim Daly: I think chunkier or lumpier is what were seeing right now Steve. And given the rollout in various European markets, given some of the issues with for instance price accruals, inventory, I think they are simply more susceptible to one offs. So I think you have to take a step back and look at the overall trend for rest of the world. And it remains very robust and our Novartis colleagues I think are very sanguine on the long-term commercial upside in rest of the world.
Herv Hoppenot: Its a very traditional way of building the rest the world business versus the U.S. where it will go a little slower at the beginning because reimbursement issues are sort of slowing down the ramp up and you see it in Europe. And then, you have the rest of the world catching up like Japan recently. So overall the way we see it is that it is potential that is at least as large as what we have in the U.S.
Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Somaiya with Nomura.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura: Thank you for taking my question. And I guess I want to echo the sentiment on the call. David, you are going to be missed and we all hope to have an opportunity to work with you again.
David Hastings: Thanks, Ian.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura: And just in terms of the question, I mean just maybe starting off with the Bristols data this morning, there is a study that they were evaluating with nivolumab in every pre-treated events of squamous cell non-small cell lung cancer patients, that results were disappointing. Just wondering if you had any plans to evaluate that population in combo with IDO?
Richard Levy: Im sorry. I had trouble hearing the question. Im not certain what came out this morning. Youre saying they had disappoint data where?
Ian Somaiya  Nomura: In heavily pretreated advanced squamous cell non-small cell lung cancer patients.
Richard Levy: Yes, I mean, were certainly looking at non-small cell with a number of other companies including BMS. With respect to the specific subpopulation of heavily treated squamous, I have no real comment. I dont think weve had that level of specific discussion. But in general where we tend to look at things is where there are imperfect data from monotherapy with the PD-1. So you dont necessarily want to focus all your efforts on someplace thats going to be hard to beat the results that theyre seeing and we are continuing to do studies in melanoma, but thats an example of something where the response rates are quite high and the durability of either stable disease or responses are quite good. On the other hand, we dont tend to focus on things where they show no activity at all. So wed have to look at the specifics of this dataset to determine whether that is an area thats kind of in the middle where the bump could help.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura: Okay. And just another question, maybe on the c-MET program I guess that was one of the other surprise datasets at the ASCO. Can you just remind us of your agreement with Novartis, to sort of the financial terms? And then whether the deal precludes you from at some point in the future pursuing your own product in the space?
David Hastings: We licensed globally the rights to Novartis, but we do a very healthy royalties, tiered double-digit. So, we are very pleased with our progress and pleased with the economics we have and obviously there is a separate milestone slate for c-MET as well.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura:  Okay. And just a last question, maybe just following up on several questions that have been asked on, related to your strategy with IDO. Is there - at this point, are you able to say that the next potential combination will be with another checkpoint inhibitor versus potentially a cancer vaccine? Maybe as a follow-up, have you from a business development standpoint maybe evaluated a lot of the cancer vaccines that have been put to the wayside over the years which potentially could benefits from a in combination with IDO?
Richard Levy: Yeah, we have nothing specific to announce at this point. I will say that there are some investigator sponsored trials that where we reached agreements in the past to look at a small number of vaccines but vaccine technology and some of the approaches to vaccines have changed since some of those things were created. So, there may be new opportunities there but in terms of specifics, we dont have anything to share at this time.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura: When would you be able to  when will we see data from those efforts?
Richard Levy: Well, the data on that combinations of the PD-1s and PD-L1s as we said our base case expectation would be sometime in 2016, not ruling out the possibility of seeing something in 2015. In terms of our plans to do other combinations we probably would not talk about them until we had a firm specific announcement either an agreement or a trial that was about to start.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura: Yeah. I guess I was specifically asking about the investigator sponsored studies you mentioned and whether they might be large or small in combinations with vaccines, when could we see data from those?
Richard Levy: I am not one who tends to make predictions about how fast the academic investigators will move with ISTs. A lot of the times the most difficult step is actually going from the agreement to do a study to initiating them and that can take quite a bit time. I think some but not all of them have actually started and both because I dont really trust external numbers as well as my own and also because I just havent had those discussions lately I just dont know.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura: Okay. That is fair enough. Thank you so much for your help. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning guys. Thank you of taking the questions and let me just add on top of all the other prior comments and say best of luck to you, Dave. And it really has been great working with you and youll most definitely be missed.
David Hastings:  Thanks Cory, Ill take that well from a Buffalo Bills then.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: So first for another Bills fan, Jim, I am really  I am also interested in then really impressive Jakafi growth, I know there have already been a lot of questions on this call around demand and persistence in inventory and such. But I am wondering if you are still also confident in the initial epidemiology around MF or there are also potentially more patients than you previously anticipated.
Jim Daly: Cory, I think there could very well be more patients that we anticipated; all along we view the addressable patient population is 15,000, that was based on our best epi work, when you dont have an effective treatment there is a phenomenon where physicians will code patients as having something else, in this case possibly MDS and when you do have an effective treatment you will see the diagnosis of myelofibrosis go up. So that phenomenon could very well be taking place where when physicians are confident in a new tool, they actually look for opportunities to use it and we could be seeing that happen right now.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan:  Okay. And then for either I guess Rich or Reid, I am wondering how much visibility you have into the emerging competitive landscape for IDO inhibitors, how much do you know about other molecules that are out there?
Reid Huber:  Cory, this is Reid. We take a pretty careful look at the patent landscape as well as the scientific presentation landscape to stay on top of the competition for all the programs, IDO is no different. Weve certainly spent a lot of time carefully studying whats come out - the NewLink program for example, its not appropriate for me I dont think to comment on any of those specifics around those data. But I will say that based on everything that we know, we remain very confident in the emerging profile of 24360 and continue to feel that we have an opportunity here with this drug to not only have a first but also a potentially best in class IDO1 inhibitor. Weve learned nothing over the subsequent or the previous few months to change that view.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay. Great. And then lastly for Rich, on baricitinib, can you just lay out your expectations or views regarding the relative importance of the different Phase 3 studies in terms of their potential clinical impact.
Richard Levy: Yeah. So, what Lilly and we have done is devised a program that looks at all the different phases of rheumatoid arthritis treatment from early RA where patients are being randomized to get either baricitinib alone, baricitinib plus methotrexate or just methotrexate alone to two studies in the TNF-nave but methotrexate or DMARD inadequate responders and then one in the TNF-IR. I think they are all important to the overall picture, but if I had to pick one I would say that it is the study that goes head-to-head with Humira for a couple of reasons. One, thats also the structure study, and we think that Lilly has learned from some of the mistakes that in retrospect that were made with tofacitinib, in terms of how do design that structure that study pick the appropriate population, et cetera. And so that study in itself has the potential to both get a structure claim for them as well as show possibly superiority to Humira but I would be very surprised if it didnt show at least non-inferiority. Its also a study of over 1,200 patients followed for the longest period of time. And so where there are going to be over 3,000 patients in the safety database this study will contribute more than that third of those. So and that one is  the one that because its a 52 week end point on structure will be one of the last ones to report out. But I think each one will add to the growing picture and the growing safety picture as each ones comes out over the course of late this year and in through next year.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay, thats helpful. Thats it from me. I appreciate you taking the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Marai with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Marai  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions, and congrats on the great quarter. Just regarding the PI3-Kinase and JAK combination, I was wondering if you can comment on how youre looking at potential toxicities, particularly liver tox, and then also if you are looking at any of the BTK inhibitors in combination there. And then maybe remind us when we will see data from some of those combinations? Thanks.
Richard Levy: So first of all, we recognize that the existing PI3-K delta, do have some degree of reversible liver toxicity. But the JAK inhibitors generally do not  I mean at least our JAK inhibitors generally do not. So in terms of combination of risk, I dont see that as enhanced risk of liver toxicity, because youre using two drugs in combination. And in terms of other combinations, we have nothing to announce at this time, but we are always looking for opportunities to use our drugs not only in combination with things that we own, but were as youve seen very amenable to doing collaborative studies with other companies, but again have nothing to add at this time, and Reid, I dont know if you want to say anything.
Christopher Marai  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Matt Roden with UBS.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC.: Great, thanks very much for taking the follow-up. I would normally have taken this question offline but Ive gotten a number of incoming e-mails on this just to clarify if we could. Just Jim to better understand your comments on squaring the inventory and the guidance and a couple other of these moving parts. So if I look at the results here so you did $98 million the normal range of inventory should be about according to my calculations here $22.5 million to $26.5 million, you say you are at about 3.3 weeks inventory now and then you said that you might have to burn off as much as $4 million of the inventory in the fourth quarter. So Im just trying to square that because thats looks me like you make be at about 24.5% or so, obviously really $2 million down to the bottom end of the normal range. So is there as you think about guiding, is there a reason to think that youre going to go down to the lower end of normal for inventory in the fourth quarter. Because I see you took price at the end of the third quarter. So thats behind us maybe there is buying ahead of the price increase.
Jim Daly:  Yeah, Matt your estimate of what our baseline inventory is is a little low, probably a good estimate of our baseline inventory is about $28 million, I think you really need to look at the $4 million as being a real incremental inventory build that we will have to burn off over the course of the quarter. Now you raise the fair point which is, should we anticipate an inventory build at the end of the fourth quarter? Matt, that is a reasonable assumption and I think reasonable assumption would be an absolute inventory build comparable to the one we saw at the end of last year, which was about $4 million. Now that is something that is highly variable; you never know whats your distributors are going to do on the last day of the year.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC.:  Okay, great.
Jim Daly:  So we cannot give you specific guidance as to what will happen with inventory at the end of the year.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC.:  But you would think that it would probably stay within the range which is a relatively tight range, so just trying to
Jim Daly:  We would expect it would stay within the range of 3 to 3.5 weeks.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC.:  Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying.
Jim Daly:  Sure.
Herv Hoppenot: And really its important to keep in mind I mean that the success of Q3 is really driven by demand and volume growth which is sort of building the stage for the future of the brand in myelofibrosis, I mean thats really what the
Jim Daly:  I would underscore that if you negate inventory underlying demand grew at 12% and generally the third quarter as you all know tends to be a soft quarter. So were very pleased with 12% underlying demand growth and as quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter and we think it bodes very well for the fourth quarter.
Pamela Murphy: I think we will turn the call now Herv to close.
Herv Hoppenot: Okay. So that was the last question. So with that we will thank you again for your time on the call today, and we look forward to talking to you again at our first quarter conference call in February. Thank you to all for attending today.
Operator: Thank, you. Ladies and gentlemen this conclude todays program. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy - VP of IR Herv Hoppenot - President and CEO  Jim Daly - CCO Dave Hastings - CFO  Rich Levy - CMO and Head of Drug Development Reid Huber - CSO
 :
Analysts :  Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Josh Schimmer - Piper Jaffray Matt Roden - UBS Whitney Ijem - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Schmidt - Leerink  Navdeep Singh - Goldman Sachs  Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co. Dave Friedman - Morgan Stanley Bret Holley - Guggenheim   
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Incyte Corporations Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Mr. Murphy, please go ahead.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes second quarter 2014 conference call. On the call today are Herv Hoppenot, President and CEO, Jim Daly, Chief Commercial Officer, Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Chief Medical Officer and Head of Drug Development; and Reid Huber, Chief Scientific Officer. Herv will begin with a brief overview of the quarter, Jim will follow with an update on Jakafi, and Rich will highlight progress made across our development portfolio. Dave will then describe our second quarter financial results, after which we will open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans for Jakafi and other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline and our expectations for net product revenues. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you Pam and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining this call. Let me begin by stating how please I am by our great progress and commercial momentum with Jakafi in MF, as well as the rapid regulatory and clinical advances that Incyte is making across our development pipeline. As you see the field of oncology is evolving at very high speed and we are in a position, in a comfortable position in the transformation of cancer treatment of treatment of cancer patients. So first, commercially phase of Jakafi continues to grow reaching $84 million in Q2 and as Jim will highlight today, we have raised our full-year on net product guidance from $315 million to $335 million to a range of between $330 million and $340 million. As announced earlier this week the FDA has approved the inclusion of updated safety and dosing information of our survival data into the Jakafi label. So regarding PV, while we did studies to meets its primary endpoints the sNDA has been submitted based on the pivotal data from RESPONSE. And we are confident that the results that we need are not required for FDA approval and we continue to believe that Jakafi has a potential to be an important new treatment for patients with uncontrolled PV. We are implementing our strategic development plan in the area of onco inflammation we have initiated two Phase III studies for ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer, as well as three Phase II studies over ruxolitinib in other solid tumors. Regarding immuno-oncology we have no signs per-clinical trial agreements for our IDO inhibitor, so most recent of which Genetech was announced yesterday and we have already initiated the clinical trial of 24360 in combination with Mercks anti-PD-1 immunotherapy pembrolizumab. In addition, Novartis and Eli Lilly continued to move our products forward, the royalties we receive from Novartis on ex-U.S. sales of Jakavi rose by over 100% in Q2 2014 of our last year. And in addition, Jakafi has recently been approved in Japan, figuring the payments of 25 million milestone to Incyte. We expect Lilly to share results from Phase III trial of Baricitinib our JAK1, JAK2 Inhibitor which is in development for rheumatoid arthritis beginning later of this year and to 2015. Now, Ill pass to Jim, who will provide more details around our commercial accomplishment with Jakafi.
Jim Daly: Thank you, Herv and good morning everyone. Our second quarter net product sales of $84 for Jakafi reflect continued growth, underlying demand in intermediate and high-risk myelofibrosis. Year-over-year net sales grew 55% and quarter-over-quarter sales grew 21% with the following components to change relative to the prior quarter. Underlying demand as measured by bottles dispensed to patients grew by 12%. Net price increased 8% driven by both the price increase on April 1st and a seasonal improvement in gross to net. Inventory increased by 1% and inventory in the channel remains at the low end of the normal range of three to 3.5 weeks. As a result of the first half year performance trends, weve increased our 2014 full year net product revenue guidance from the previous range of $315 million to $335 million to an updated range of $330 million to $340 million. Our Jakafi net sales guidance assumes no meaningful contribution to revenues in 2014 from a potential FDA approved indication in PV. We believe the increased underlying demand in the second quarter reflects the continued effective execution of our commercial strategy to grow Jakafi intermediate for high-risk MF. Expansion of our field force earlier this year has led to a significant increase in promotional activity and educational programs. The debt and breadth of prescribing continues to increase. There is an improved understanding of Jakafi efficacy regardless of JAK2 V16, V617F half mutation status as well as the importance of individualized dosing. And finally the overall reimbursement environment for Jakafi continues to be favorable. The vast majority to payers manage Jakafi consistent with the label, physicians are able to successfully manage most prior authorizations that exists and the majority of patients are able to afford their out-of-pocket cost. We continue to see MF as a source of sustainable long-term growth for Jakafi. With an addressable population of at least 15,000 patients with intermediate to high-risk MF, we have less than one-third of these patients currently on Jakafi, while nearly 70% of target physicians have prescribed Jakafi for at least one MF patient. These physicians typically have additional MF patients in their practice or diagnosed and are appropriate candidates for treatment with Jakafi. These watch and wait patients are generally considered to be stable based upon blood counts, but in reality are experiencing a debilitating and worsening symptom burden that corresponds to the progression of the underlying disease. The primary focus of our commercial strategy today is on earlier treatment with Jakafi. As the question for most physicians is not if Jakafi should be used, but when it should be used in the course of the disease. Our educational efforts are directed at highlighting and reinforcing the benefits of earlier treatment with Jakafi versus waiting for decline and blood counts as a trigger to initiate treatment. Last weeks FDA approval of the Jakafi label update, which contains the Kaplan-Meiers survival curves and tables providing the probability to survival at one, two and three years from COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II and expanded safety and dosing information all meaningfully adds to the totality of the data available for Jakafi and supports our discussions about when to appropriately begin treatment with Jakafi. Turning now to our next new indication for Jakafi, we believe the unmet need in polycythemia vera is clear that represents a major commercial opportunity and that PV should make a substantial contribution at Jakafi sales in 2015 and beyond. Market research indicates that the primary treatment goal in PV is the prevention of thrombotic events through consistent and durable control of Hematocrit. Secondary goals include symptom improvement, spleen volume reduction and controlling leukocyte and platelet counts. Based upon claims data there are at least 100,000 patients in the U.S. diagnosed and treated for PV. Two large chart audits that weve conducted as well as independent publications supported about one in four or 25,000 patients in the U.S. had inadequate response to or intolerant of HU. As indicated by a lack of consistent Hematocrit control. These 25,000 patients with Hematocrit consistently above 45% have uncontrolled PV and represents the unmet needs in the addressable population for Jakafi. Based upon the results of the response trial were confident in the ability of Jakafi to deliver consistent from durable Hematocrit control that is superior to best available therapy. We should know in early August when we have a priority or standard FDA review and we will be fully prepared to launch Jakafi as the first and only FDA approved treatment for PV as early as December of this year. As we look at the PV market compared to MF, the addressable patient population is substantially larger. Additionally, the broad base of positive physician experience with Jakafi and MF should help up take in PV. Also relative to MF, we believe that PV launch will be more straight forward in terms of diagnosis, mutational status and dosing. 95% of PV patients have the JAK2 V16F mutation and whereas a drop in Hematocrit is undesired in MF is actually a treatment benefit in PV. Finally based upon age and health status, we would expect a longer duration of treatment in PV, VAN and MF. Conversely, the urgency to treat in PV may be less than MF and we expect there will be significant educational requirements during the launch phase, leading to a more gradual ramp in sales with less [Indiscernible] effect than we saw in the MF launch. That said, we remain confident that MF and PV combined represent a $1 billion opportunity for Jakafi in the U.S. Weve always said that MPNs (ph) are just the beginning, we have a deep pipeline of novel programs that represented exceptional opportunity to make difference for patients. To discuss this in more detail Ill turn it over to Rich.
Rich Levy:  Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. As Herv mentioned in his opening remarks the development team here at Incyte has made rapid progress across the portfolio and Ill now give you some additional color on the key items. Earlier this week, we announced the updated safety and dosing information as well as overall survival data has been added to the myelofibrosis pathogens for Jakafi.  Kaplan-Meier curves from COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II now put in label. In COMFORT-I, the probability survival for patients initially randomize to receive Jakafi and Placebo where 70% and 61% respectively in three years with survival probabilities at one and two years also provided in the label. Similar presentations are given for COMFORT-II were at three years the probability of survival was 79% and the group initially randomized to Jakafi and was 59% in the group initially randomized the best available therapy. The meeting times to cross over were nine months for the group randomize to Placebo and COMFORT-I and 17 months for the group randomize the best available therapy in COMFORT-II. And the revised label also provides new information and dosing, specifically, it indicates that among patients randomized to Jakafi with baseline platelet counts between 100 and 200 times per liter who started dose of 15 milligrams per day 65% required a dose reduction in the first day of week. This information should allow insights to provide more guidance to healthcare professionals on the expectations for dose adjustments during the first two months of therapy. The revised label also indicates that among patients randomized the Jakafi was baseline platelet counts greater than 200 times tenth to the ninth per liter, who started the dose of 20 milligram-- only 25% required a dose reduction during the first two months. The revised label also provides information on symptoms after discontinuation of Jakafi and updated information on monitoring for tuberculosis and modified language on drug interactions. Overall, we believe that the changes to the label will provide useful information to healthcare providers to decide if and when to initiate therapy in their patients with intermediate or high risk myelofibrosis, helped to monitor their patients and adjust the doses of Jakafi as appropriate. Theyre moving from MF to polycythemia vera and as Jim highlighted, the primary goal on PV as hematocrit control and the data from our pivotal response trial so that ruxolitinib provides rapid and durable Hematocrit control to patients with PV. These data were presented at ASCO by Dr. Verstovsek and are available on our website. Incyte submitted the ruxolitinib of sNDA for the treatment of uncontrolled PV in early June of this year and we expect to be able to update you shortly on the acceptance for filing along with what are the PDUFA data based on a six month or 10 months of year. The results of release study were not included in the sNDA and were confident that efficacy results from release are not required for FDA approval. Further analysis of the release are underway, these analysis will seek to evaluate what factors may have contributed to the symptom control rate for patients on stable dose of the unstable doses of hydroxyurea they were significantly higher than that seen in the best available therapy arm of response. With this difference that led to an under powering of the release trial. We expect to present a full data from this release study and upcoming scientific meetings. The two other data fixing (ph) compounds represented at ASCO in June. These presentations are also available on the Incyte website and have led to acceleration of our onco inflammation and immuno-oncology development activities. Based on the results from RECAP our Phase II study of ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine and second line metastatic pancreatic cancer it was presented at ASCO by Dr. Hurwitz initiated two Phase II trials in pancreatic cancer and several proof-of-concept trials in other solid tumors. JANUS 1 is a double-blind placebo-controlled Phase III trial in advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer and is being conducted under SPA. This trial was initiated in March. JANUS 2 is almost identical to JANUS 1 and was initiated in second quarter of this year. Each trials expected to enroll about 300 patients with high levels of systemic inflammation is measured by C-Reactive Protein or CRP and the primary end point for both trials is overall survival. The three randomized double-blind Phase II proof-of-concept trials are ongoing in small cell lung cancer, breast cancer and colorectal cancer with overall survival of the primary endpoint in each study. The positive subgroup analysis from RECAP have added to our comp and its pursuing accelerated clinical development were inside 39110 the first of our JAK1 inhibitors in solid tumors. 39110 is currently in a Phase II trial in combination with docetaxel for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer were on track to begin a second Phase II trial in lung cancer later this year. We are currently conducting dose binding studies with JAK1 inhibitor 39110 and also was ruxolitinib in combination with gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel sold as Abraxane to find the optimal starting dose for a possible trial in first line trial of pancreatic cancer. The third ASCO presentation was given by Dr. Gibney and this described initial positive proof-of-concept data with our IDO1 inhibitor 24360. This is a trial in combination with ipilimumab and patients with unrespectable or metastatic melanoma. These data show that the combination of our IDO1 inhibitor plus ipilimumab were generally well tolerated and suggested that response rate and time to progression were longer than historical data with ipilimumab alone. The synergistic activity observed with 24360 and ipilimumab as well as support three clinical data increases our confidence in the values investigating 24360 in combination with other immunotherapies including PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors and weve just added Genentechs anti PD-L1 MPDL3280A to our list of clinical trial agreements for IDO. The purpose of this agreement is to evaluate the combination in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. Weve now begun dosing patients in study called KEYNOTE-037, the combination study at Mercks by PD-1 immunotherapy pembrolizumab or previously called MK-3475 and INCB24360. Phase 1 portion of the trail will define a recommended combination regimen and the Phase 2 portion will evaluate the efficacy and safety of that regimen in a randomized population of non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving pembrolizumab combined with either Incyte 24360 or its matching placebo. Incyte is conducting the study in close collaboration with Merck. Phase 1/2 trials of 24360 in combination with AstraZeneca/MedImmune anti PD-L1 MEDI4736 and Bristol-Myers Squibbs anti PD-1 nivolumab are expected to begin in 2014. These two studies will have the potential to recruit patients of multiple tumor types and be run by Incyte. As we said we see the potential for our IDO inhibitors in combination with checkpoint inhibitors but not necessarily as monotherapy. As a result of both slow enrolments and lack of evidence and efficacy advantage as monotherapy over controlled arm tamoxifen, were closing our Phase 2 study in ovarian cancer. Going forward we will focus development of our IDO inhibitor as a component of combination therapy. Now looking briefly at a couple of our other programs; let me first give you a short update on the Incytes 47986 our second selected JAK1 inhibitor that is in development for inflammatory disorders. Based on recent preliminary preclinical toxicology finding, we have proactively placed clinical studies of 47986 on hold while additional preclinical study data are gathered. These preclinical findings have not been observed any of our JAK1 or JAK1/2 inhibitors such as ruxolitinib or baricitinib which is being developed by Lilly. Our PI3-K delta inhibitor 40093 has completed Phase 1 monotherapy dose escalation trial and patients with B-lymphoid malignancies and has moved into the expansion phase. A second trial which started in January of 14 is evaluating for 093 in combination with our JAK1 selective inhibitor 39110. As we previously noted these are distinct mechanisms of action and they exhibit synergy in pre-clinical models of lymphoma. And lastly on baricitinib, the rheumatoid arthritis program being run by Lilly, this is ongoing in the first of four Phase 3 trials is due to read out with top line data later this year. So Phase 2 psoriasis and diabetic nephropathy programs are also ongoing, initial results for the psoriasis trial was presented at the American Academy of Dermatology in March and the results of the diabetic nephropathy trial anticipated in 2015. With that Ill now turn the call over to Dave to give us some financial highlights for the quarter.
Dave Hastings:  Thanks Rich good morning everybody. Lets begin with Jakafi for which we recorded $84 million of second quarter net product revenues representing 55% growth over the same period last year. Additionally, we reported $12.3 million in product royalty from Novartis for sale of their Jakafi outside the United States which is more than double from the same period last year. Now Novartis also continued to make progress and obtaining normal pricing and reimbursement approval for third major European country. Now, once Novartis achieves this Incyte earned an additional $60 million milestone payment which is expected to occur in the second half of 2014. In addition and as previously announced, Incyte earned a $25 million milestone from Novartis in July as a result of Jakafis approval in Japan. This will be recorded at contract revenue in the third quarter. Our gross and net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $9.5 million or 10.2% for the second quarter. We still expect that our full year growth net adjustment will range from 9% to 10%. Our cost of goods sold for the second quarter was immaterial as we continue to benefit from the fact that our starting finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. In terms of operating expenses both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations. And finally from a cash perspective, we ended the quarter with $509 million. Our cash position continues to benefit from increasing product and royalty revenue which allows us to appropriately invest in our growing development pipeline. So with that operator that concludes our formal remarks. Please open the call for Q&A.
Operator:  Thank you. At this time well be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question today is coming from Eric Schmidt from Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt :  Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a commercial progress with Jakafi, may be it for Jim in terms of the updated label on OS and safety, do you expect that to have an impact on sales trends or this is just more another sort of competitive barrier down the road should feature JAK next to market. And then just a quick one for Dave it looks like SG&A is running a little bit above the annual guidance in R&D a little bit below, is it time to adjust our thinking on those ranges.
 Cowen & Company:  Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a commercial progress with Jakafi, may be it for Jim in terms of the updated label on OS and safety, do you expect that to have an impact on sales trends or this is just more another sort of competitive barrier down the road should feature JAK next to market. And then just a quick one for Dave it looks like SG&A is running a little bit above the annual guidance in R&D a little bit below, is it time to adjust our thinking on those ranges.
Jim Daly:  Hi Eric this is Jim. Eric to answer question both the facts are true I think it will help us to increase the overall breadth of prescribing I think for current prescribers the new label should motivate them to look for patients with whats obvious whats advance disease and I think longer term it does represent a significant hurdle for new competitors to try to meet to come to the market. It will obviously take the competition years to build a three year Kaplan-Meiers survival curve. Now in terms of trend rate our view is were not expecting a trend rate based upon the label update. Now with the low prevalence disease was often rate limiting for physicians to act upon new information how long it takes for them to see their next MF patients. And as result, as a best case scenario I would not expect any type of trend break or step change in terms of performance.
David Hastings :  In terms of R&D and SG&A were comfortable with the current range of guidance provide for both areas I mean traditionally for our R&D spend we do tend to see a slight hockey stick (ph) in the second half and I would expect that to continue and SG&A is tracking final.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from Josh Schimmer from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Schimmer - Piper Jaffray:  Thanks for taking the question maybe sticking with the expense scene. How should we think I guess magnitude was about the increase in SG&A that will be incurred with the PV label and launch. And then separately it seems like it will be difficult to avoid profitability with these milestones coming in the second quarter so how should we think about the fully diluted share count and that happens? Thank you.
Jim Daly:  Hi Josh this is Jim. Josh I would now anticipate a major increase in SG&A with respect to the PV launch. We have already incurred the sales force expansion cost and there is a lot of synergy between MF and PV in terms of our promotional support for the new indication. So I would not build in a major step increase in expenses corresponding to launch.
David Hastings:  And Josh you know these milestones can be lumpy in nature and youre right in any given quarter particularly the quarter-over-quarter 60 million there is a possibility for profitability and then when you think about fully diluted share at that point that use the treasury stock method and that would take into account both employee stock options but ones that are considered diluted and the convertible debt.
Josh Schimmer - Piper Jaffray: Can you help us with that map?
Herv Hoppenot:  Sure. So if you think about sort of the fully diluted both converts were exercised and our employee stock options were exercise it ranges somewhere between 205 million and 210 million. But there are some new launches in that calculation where you add back interest expense and then for employee stock options you utilize the treasury stock method. So it would be slightly lower than the fully diluted count.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Matt Roden from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Roden - UBS:  Great, thanks for taking the question and graphs on a nice quarter. I have one question on the commercial side and then another follow up if I may on the pipeline. Jim on the commercial you mention that the growth in demand this quarter was driven by MF. Can you comment on whether or not the growth in spontaneous adoption outside of MF has sort of kept pace with that or whether or not the proportion of sales coming from spontaneous adoption is lower this quarter? And then related on the guidance it looks to me like the last six quarters youve done about on a average 7 million sequential in sales growth quarter-over-quarter basis your guidance implies from doing the math rate something like 2.5 million to 6 million per quarter for the rest of the year. So are you, is this just conservative or more is there some fundamental reason for us to think that maybe the sequential trends will split on the second half.
Jim Daly:  First on the non-MF sales, that is a percentage of overall sales is remain relatively constant over the last several quarters so we have not seen any type of increase proportionality in our non-MF sales. With respect to the phasing of the guidance the low end represents a low single digit growth rate for the rest of the year and high end represents a high single-digit growth rate for the rest of the year. Listen Matt our goal is trying to beat the guidance thats always our goal but we think that high single-digit growth rate represents a reasonable base case scenario that is both ambitious and achievable.
Matt Roden :  Okay, great. Just on the IDO program, now that you have vibrations with the four major players in PD-1, PD-L1. Can you give us a little insight into what the collaborators are saying when they come to the table about IDO and the combo data from ASCO? Do you think theyre interested in committing resources just because of the mechanism or is the data or is it both? Just trying to get a sense for what industry people outside of Incyte think about 360 and whether and to what extent that program can help them?
 UBS :  Okay, great. Just on the IDO program, now that you have vibrations with the four major players in PD-1, PD-L1. Can you give us a little insight into what the collaborators are saying when they come to the table about IDO and the combo data from ASCO? Do you think theyre interested in committing resources just because of the mechanism or is the data or is it both? Just trying to get a sense for what industry people outside of Incyte think about 360 and whether and to what extent that program can help them?
Herv Hoppenot: Its difficult for me to comment on what other companies believe or tell us in private conversations. But I would say in general the fact that we have four major either PD-1 or PD-L1 and they have all now signed collaboration agreements with us shows that across the board there is interest in combining with the IDO inhibition mechanism and in addition I think it shows that no one wants to be left out of that game by not playing at the same time. So I think they all think that there is a good potential for the combination. And now its time to get the data for each of those individual combinations.
Matt Roden : And do you have a sense Rich when we should expect to see the first data from those collaborations?
 UBS : And do you have a sense Rich when we should expect to see the first data from those collaborations?
Rich Levy:  In part because each of these companies are competing with each other in terms of this and that release of data has to be mutually agreed between us and the other party. And I dont expect that we will be giving out emerging data the way we had in our combination with ipilimumab. So there is two parts to the studies first defining doses which is uncontrolled and potentially as we have done before with ipilimumab to comparisons to historical controls. How long that takes depending upon how many dose levels that we need to get to before we fairly have the right doses in each study. And then randomized controlled second part to the study which will take longer to roll out. So were not giving specific guidance as to when but its not going to be in the very near future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JP Morgan & Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Whitney Ijem - JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Its Whitney on for Corey. Wondering if you guys have any insight into how Lilly will be releasing the baricitinib data? Whether they intend to sort of top-line events they it or hold it until they have it all to release it?
Rich Levy: They have not given us specific guidance as to their plans. These are Phase 3 studies and I am sure they will need to pay something about information that is material to them, but what that actually is I dont know. We expect based on what they told us that there is a likelihood that there will be some top line data on the first study sometime towards the end of the year.
Whitney Ijem - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And then on PV, I guess you guys reiterated your expectations for MF plus PV to be about $1 billion opportunity. But does the sort of release mix change the way youre thinking about the commercial potential in PV at all or what type of patients might come on drug?
Jim Daly:  This is Jim, it actually does not. We knew that we would not have the release data when we filed the response sNDA. So all along we knew that we would not have a symptom claim at launch. I think the key point -- we will clearly know its a negative study, so thats always a disappointment but if youre going to have a negative study that was the one to have. Because the primary goal in PV is control and the data contained in response gives us the promotional evidence that we need to go after the vast majority of those one out of four patients who are on controlled.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Jim you mentioned that out of the addressable MF intermediate and high risk MF population, you are not quite a third or you are less than a third penetrated, given the survival benefit indication or information now on the label. What penetration do you think is potentially possible here in this group? And are there subsets that you think are really not likely to be just Jakafi.
Herv Hoppenot: Thats a challenging question. And thats why weve left it at a billion dollars between both PV and MF. Clearly, you are never going to get 100% of your addressable population. But at a third we would certainly believe that a 50% penetration is realistic and is clearly within our ambition to do that. So as we look at the billion dollars, we dont know if its 600 million with MF and 400 with PV or 500. But clearly the message we want to communicate is that we do have substantial long-term upside in MF.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And a question for Rich. You have four of these combo studies with IDO and there is some redundancy among them seems to be at least including non-small cell lung, is it your view that there could be some mechanistic differences between the two PD-1 and the PD-01 or are you more or less cashing this fairly broad and looking at lot of different indications, is there a view of this you can share.
Herv Hoppenot:  We are not at this time, we have no reason at this point to believe that there are differences between the two PD-1 and PD-1 and remains within whether in combination, with we will even see significant differences between the PD-1 and the PDL-1. So the strategy here is to be a partner with a range of checkpoint inhibitors in immunotherapies and not higher so down to one thing. And in fact while there is some redundancy particularly around non-small cell lung cancer which is interest to everyone by having different partnerships, we do get to explore a range of potential indication and depending upon initial data this potential to add indications beyond those that are currently plan.  So I think it gives us a broad look at the possibilities for combination with PD-1 targeted therapies. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
 Michael Schmidt :  Hi good morning, thanks for taking my questions. I had a couple of pipeline questions. Number one, based on emerging mechanistic understanding of how JAK pathway is involved in solid tumors, particularly do you have plans or what are your plans to evaluate your JAK inhibitors in targeted drug combinations and solid tumors in addition to ongoing studies. Number two, we just talk about the PD-1 PDL-1 combinations of the IDO inhibitor, based on the understanding of the mechanism of 24X360, what difference is or do you expect any differences between PD-1 versus PDL-1 combination? Thank you.
 Leerink :  Hi good morning, thanks for taking my questions. I had a couple of pipeline questions. Number one, based on emerging mechanistic understanding of how JAK pathway is involved in solid tumors, particularly do you have plans or what are your plans to evaluate your JAK inhibitors in targeted drug combinations and solid tumors in addition to ongoing studies. Number two, we just talk about the PD-1 PDL-1 combinations of the IDO inhibitor, based on the understanding of the mechanism of 24X360, what difference is or do you expect any differences between PD-1 versus PDL-1 combination? Thank you.
Herv Hoppenot:  So I will start and maybe Reid has some additional comments. So first of all in terms of targeted therapies in solid tumors weve already started study with ruxolitinib and with what deliver them and survivor in colon cancer which is targeted therapy. and we do have others plan with solid tumors they have not been announced yet and nothing with that ruxolitinib or 39110 but with JAK inhibitors and other targeted therapies are planned and well talk about that when theyre closer to starting. And then in addition, were of course interested in JAK1 inhibitors with other targeted therapies in immunologic malignancies with combination of JAK1 and our PI3K delta in b-cell malignancies as an example of ongoing study. And with respect to PD-1 and PDL-1 I mean as I said in answer to earlier question there are three radical reasons to believe that they may be very similar or difference in what this have to generate the data and our view has been that we will do the studies and find out.
Michael Schmidt :  And one more will you present any additional data from the ipilimumab combination study before next years ASCO.
 Leerink :  And one more will you present any additional data from the ipilimumab combination study before next years ASCO.
Herv Hoppenot: I dont know probably ASCO is a reasonable time for an update I dont know that it would be going any specialty meetings or anything like that.
Michael Schmidt : Got it, great, thank you. 
 Leerink : Got it, great, thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Navdeep Singh from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Navdeep Singh :  Hi guys congrats on the progress during second quarter. And thanks for taking my questions. So just a couple of questions on Baricitinib maybe a question for Rich. Rich can you help us better set expectations for the upcoming Baricitinib Phase III data. I understand that youre not - in your Phase III trials you are not comparing Baricitinib [Indiscernible] but based on the Phase II data how should we be expecting that because safety profile of Baricitinib to look like for Xeljanz compared to Xeljanz. And then a question for Jim, Jim what have you guys and Lilly learned from the Zell Jen plant that mixing more confident that you can execute better than them? Thanks.
 Goldman Sachs :  Hi guys congrats on the progress during second quarter. And thanks for taking my questions. So just a couple of questions on Baricitinib maybe a question for Rich. Rich can you help us better set expectations for the upcoming Baricitinib Phase III data. I understand that youre not - in your Phase III trials you are not comparing Baricitinib [Indiscernible] but based on the Phase II data how should we be expecting that because safety profile of Baricitinib to look like for Xeljanz compared to Xeljanz. And then a question for Jim, Jim what have you guys and Lilly learned from the Zell Jen plant that mixing more confident that you can execute better than them? Thanks.
Jim Daly:  So there a number of different Phase III studies that are ongoing, including study in patients who have previously felt on TNF or have response to TNF inhibitors in a few studies in DMARD or methotrexate responders. I think one of the key studies is the largest study which is head-to-head comparison was not only continuing that the truck phase but also -- includes methotrexate. The study is large and is also the structure study. Youll get head-to-head comparison with Imuran in terms of signs and symptoms as well as structure which is something that was not present in the structural studies done by Pfizer. So I think there are two key things that could lead to a differentiation, one is the safety profile and by avoiding JAK3 there are still reasons to believe that this has in Phase 2 and may very well in Phase 3 the differentiation. The structure study has been made larger with the powering based on the results of the Pfizer study and then again its the ability to have a head-to-head comparison, where of course there is not a head-to-head comparison to Xeljanz per say. And Ill turn it over to Jim to talk about commercial aspects.
Jim Daly:  We defer to Lilly in terms of all aspects of commercial execution, but just to address your question in RA its all about the product profile. I mean today the three largest selling drugs in the world last year were Humeral, Remicade and Enbrel. And that is both good and bad, its good that it represents a tremendous opportunity, its bad and that they are going to defend their business very aggressively and if there is a weakness or vulnerability in your product profile it will be exploited and the issue which Xeljanz is that from launch with the 5 million BID dosing they had, perceive weakness with respect to the claims that Rich has referred to the claims to inhibit progression of structural damage. That structure claim is absolutely vital if youre going to compete successfully against the biologics. Now if you come in with a competitive clinical profile and you have the added convenience of one a day oral we think that can be a very successful product.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Thomas Wei from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co.:  Just wanted to ask an immuno-oncology question and then maybe a Jakafi question as well. On immuno-oncology front just wanted to get your latest thoughts on your interest in developing biologics capabilities acquiring other immune checkpoints. And then on Jakafi wed love to get some of the metrics that you provided before in the past in terms of mix of doses as well as on persistence.
Herv Hoppenot : Sure on persistence again we can see a steady and significant increase in persistence over time. Thats driven by two things, one is were seeing an overall healthier patient being put on Jakafi as judged by their base line platelet counts and hemoglobin levels. And secondly, were seeing physicians becoming more fast in the dosing. Were seeing increased use of titration and were also seeing an increased use of lower strength doses. So were pleased with the progress weve made on the persistence front and because its a moving target weve refrained from trying to quantify it and I think well remain with that position.
Herv Hoppenot:  Herv here, question on the moving on field of immuno-oncology in general. I must say the first priority for all of us to successfully develop our IDO inhibitor where were 14 plus and where we have an original mechanisms that has a lot of promising potential currently. So thats really is the number one. Now evolving in the field of immuno-oncology doesnt necessarily mean biology, in fact PI3-kinase delta field is a place that seems to be moving from targeted to immuno-oncology as we speak. So that certainly is something of interest and we have, were looking at small molecules of potential way to address some of the medical needs with the mechanism in the field of immuno-oncology. And obviously probably like everybody else we would be looking at external opportunities at similar we do get internal opportunities which is the science around it and how does it fit with our overall portfolio strategy but its still not number one item on our priority list today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst:  It is John for Liisa, thanks for taking the question, I have two. First you talked a little bit about the casting of wide net with IDO partnerships and I am wondering if you can comment all about your plan to transition from that strategy to a more focused strategy as you hopefully end up getting some hits with different companies. Is there anything youd be looking for in a long-term partner besides a combination that works? And then second question more of housekeeping thing. I think you may have commented on this earlier but we missed it. Can you say anything about the contribution of inventory to the revenue numbers for Jakafi this yearend expectations for the second half on inventory side.
Dave Hastings: Inventory contributed 1% to the overall 21% growth in the second quarter. We ended the quarter at the low end of our typical range of three weeks to 3.5 weeks. And last year if you remember we saw inventory build about $4 million in the fourth quarter, we dont know if thats going to be recurring action or not this year and as result we do not build that into our guidance.
Herv Hoppenot:  Regarding the philosophy behind the partnerships is really old science, what we are doing now is finding which indication if there are difference between indications for which product you throwing a reason there are differences between the PD-1 and the PDL-1 will be better if they need for combination what they do, now if its another case I mean we find that the mechanism is across different indication on across different product. Frankly our goal is to develop ideal independently and to have variable that we declaring that its a drive that should be use and could be use in combination with multiple partner.  So the partnerships we have today are not sort of across before a bigger set there in Italy scientific partnerships, regulatory partnerships but when we find the proof of concept under right indication that could lead to approval of ideal in combination with multiple products and multiple indications thats the goal that were pursuing and we would see the commercialization of that product as being done by insides.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Dave Friedman from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Friedman :  Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just as I look at the Jakafi U.S. volume demand trends over the past six quarters it seems like at least in 2013 you had 2Q from a volume basis about double every other quarter and now youre seeing a similar thing here, is there something that happens in 2Q either from Medicare perspective or something else that you guys are aware of that could explain this front.
 Morgan Stanley:  Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just as I look at the Jakafi U.S. volume demand trends over the past six quarters it seems like at least in 2013 you had 2Q from a volume basis about double every other quarter and now youre seeing a similar thing here, is there something that happens in 2Q either from Medicare perspective or something else that you guys are aware of that could explain this front.
Jim Daly:  Dave, this is Jim. Dave there is natural rhythm to the business and weve seen that over the last couple of years now. Particularly the first quarter will be challenging, we will have headwind in the first quarter and thats due to a number of factors it including running out our inventory built that you may have had in the fourth quarter, it includes the phenomenon where patients may full forward in prescription from January and the December in anticipation of having new deductibles, reentering the donut hole and you can also have the friction dealing with plan changes in the first quarter. So the first quarter is challenging and then we see a very nice rebound in the second quarter we saw that last year we see that this year, you have prepared for a slight slowdown in third quarter as you deal with quite frankly a doldrums, it involves things as vacations on the position and patients or new patients visits well tend to flatten out I think you see a strength in the fourth quarter and again that can be reflection of patients going forward and that prescription we cant, last year we did see some inventory build and so thats kind of the rhythm in the business that were anticipating as we plan our phasing.
Dave Friedman : Okay, great. Thank you.
 Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Yaron Werber (ph) with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst :  Hi this is Kevin in for Yaron this morning, thank so much for taking question. So I wanted to congratulate you on the great launch in the upcoming expansion in PV, a quick question on what are the trials youre planning for bar fitment (ph) and also if you could elaborate a little bit on the safety signal that you saw in 47986 and if this was something particular to RA or just the molecule itself. Thank so much.
Reid Huber:  Thanks for the question, this is Reid. Just in terms of safety signal. In a longer term no road in toxicology stay we indentified two instances of retinal toxicity which had histologic features that were consistent with the generation, the finding was not observed in rodent studies nor was it observed in the 28 day studies that enabled the filing of the IND. I also point of that we have not observed this retinal toxicity with any of the other JAK inhibitors that weve taken forward that includes importantly ruxolitinib or Baricitinib in 39110. Were currently gathering more data from the study animal that includes the control animals to determine whether the finding is likely to be treatment related but at this time we thought that -- from investigators of the finding were actively put on hold the 986 trial while those other data are gathered. I will make the additional point that 47986 is from a distinct chemical scaffold -- relative to other JAK inhibitors and at this time we consider these filings to be a potential relationship to that drug and therefore possibly arising from off target activity.
Herv Hoppenot:  And on baricitinib we really cant comment beyond what and has been announced by Lilly so they presented the results of first part of their Phase 2 study in psoriasis, obviously they presented their rheumatoid arthritis studies some time ago the diabetic nephropathy study is scheduled to read to out and we presented in some form next year. There are four Phase 3 studies ongoing in RA and in addition to that there is also long-term extension study beyond that were just not at liberty to say what theyre either going to do or the types of things theyre thinking about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bret Holley from Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Holley - Guggenheim:  Just a quick question on PV. Just wondering what percentage of PV patients in the U.S. as you receive hydroxyurea. And how confident are you really in the 25,000 estimates in the United States. What sources of information are you using to arrive at that number, because I sense a bit of skepticism out there on that number.
Herv Hoppenot : Bret its about 60,000 patients in the U.S. who are on HU or have been on HU. About 5,000 patients were on HU and discontinued due to lack of efficacy or tolerability issues. 55,000 patients remained on HU and in terms of the one out of four weve really triangulated on that through some published studies and we can share those with you off line as well as chart audits that weve conducted ourselves. So were feeling very confident that one out of four is a reasonable balanced estimate if the opportunity.
Operator: Thank you. If there are no further questions at this time I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot:  Thank you. I think, I mean what you saw in the Q2 report is a lot of progress on many fronts first the commercial momentum is very good in that. We have on the regulatory side the PV that has been achieved in also Q2 and as you see on the development front were moving forward also very fast very aggressively both in onco information and immuno-oncology with our IDO program and in addition were in a very good and strong financial position. So when you look at this Q2 result as being extremely positive from our strategic objective spent. Thank you for attending the call. And I guess wed be back in three months.
Operator:
 :

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Pamela M. Murphy  VP - IR and Corporate Communications Herv Hoppenot  President, Chief Executive Officer James M. Daly  EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Richard S. Levy  EVP, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer David C. Hastings  EVP and Chief Financial Officer Reid M. Huber  SVP - Discovery Biology 
Analysts:  Whitney Ijem  JPMorgan Chase & Co. Matt M. Roden  UBS Securities LLC Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc. Brian C. Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC Eric T. Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co. Michael W. Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Josh E. Schimmer  Piper Jaffray & Co Ying Huang  Barclays Capital, Inc. Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. 
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Incyte Corporations First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pam Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Pamela M. Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes first quarter 2014 conference call. On the call today are Herv Hoppenot, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Daly, Chief Commercial Officer, Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Chief Medical Officer and Head of Drug Development; and Reid Huber who heads Discovery Biology. Herv will begin with a brief overview of the quarter, Jim will follow with an update on Jakafi, and Rich will highlight progress made in our clinical programs. Dave will then describe our first quarter financial results, after that we will open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, we would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi and our development plans for Jakafi and other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline and our expectations for net product revenues. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and from time to time in our other SEC documents. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot:  Thank you Pam, and good morning everybody. seethe field of oncology is evolving very rapidly at Incyte with a growing marketed product and the pipeline that includes innovative targeted therapy and first-in class compound in onco inflammation and immuno oncology is very well positioned to be an important player in this [challenge] [ph] in oncology. We had a very good first quarter commercially and on the development side. The sales of Jakafi - demand size of Jakafi are increasing at a steady rate and we are very confident in the full-year net product revenue guidance of $315 million to $335 million. On the clinical side were growing our portfolio; the PV filing is on track; we launched our Phase III program of ruxolitinib in patients with pancreatic cancer and randomized Phase 2 studies of ruxolitinib in patient with colorectal cancer or lung cancer and breast cancer has been initiated. The IDO program is advancing; the ipilimumab combination Phase I/II data would be presented at ASCO in a few weeks. And were on track to begin the trial combining our IDO inhibitor 24360 with Mercks anti-PD-1 immunotherapy in the second quarter. Our selective JAK1 inhibitor 39110 is expected to begin the first of two Phase 2 trial in non-small cell lung cancer in the second quarter. And we have advanced our PI3-kinase delta inhibitor 40093 in our Phase 1 trial in combination with 39110 in B-lymphoid malignancies. Novartis continues to progress INC280 our c-MET inhibitor and has initiated a second Phase 2 trial in c-MET positive/EGFR-TKI-resistant non-small cell lung cancer. Our alliance with Lilly could deliver significant value for baricitinib our second JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor and we expect to see internal readout of results from the first of multiple trials in RA Phase 3 program this year, with data presentation to come in 2015. We also plan to initiate a Phase 2 trial of our second JAK1 inhibitor 47986 in rheumatoid arthritis by mid year. Now let me turn to ASCO; we will have three important clinical data presentations and on Monday night following two of this presentation, we will host an investor event where we will discuss as a presentation of that day, so its a recap results as well as the data that [inaudible] the role of JAK inhibition as a mechanism to target systemic and local inflammation. And 24360 and the role we see for IDO inhibition in immuno oncology, so thats for Monday. And on Tuesday afternoon following our presentation of the results from RESPONSE the pivotal Phase 3 study in patient with uncontrolled polycythemia vera we will host a second IR event and Dr. Verstovsek will present the RESPONSE data so that will be coming in another few weeks from now, where we will have all of this important data that will be presented. Now Jim will provide more details around our commercial accomplishment with Jakafi.
James M. Daly: Thank you, Herv and good morning everyone. Our first quarter net product sales of $70 million reflect continued steady growth in underlying demand which was offset by one time seasonal impacts from price and inventory drawdown following inventory builds in the fourth quarter of last year. These impacts were anticipated and we remain confident in our full year guidance of $315 million to $335 million for net product revenue. Year-over-year net sales grew 44% and quarter-over-quarter sales declined 4% with the following components to change relative to the prior quarter. Underlying demand as measured by bottles dispensed to patients grew by 6% consistent with growth relative to the same period last year. We are encouraged by this performance given that seasonality typically makes first quarter challenging for branded products due to the annual reset of deductibles, increased cost sharing while in the donut hole, and patients pulling forward January prescriptions into December. Net price declined by 4% reflecting a temporary increase in gross to net discounts driven by seasonal increases in Medicare Part D donut hole rebates reflecting a $3 million impasse. As expected and communicated on the fourth quarter call, the inventory increase that occurred in the fourth quarter was given back in the first quarter. Inventory declined by 6% and we exited the first quarter at the lower end of the normal range of three to three and a half weeks. The dollar value decreased in inventory in the first quarter was approximately $4 million consistent with the inventory build in the fourth quarter.  We believe the increase in underlying demand in the first quarter reflects continued solid execution of our commercial strategy to growth Jakafi in MF. Market research indicates that the expansion of our sales force, which was completed in the fourth quarter along with high impact educational programs have driven expanded depth and breadth of prescribing for Jakafi.  Measures of specific progress were seen and an increased understanding of dosing and recognize that Jakafi works regardless of JAK2 V16F mutation status. The overall reimbursement environment for Jakafi continues to be favorable. The vast majority of payers manage Jakafi consistent with the label, and patients are able to successfully manage most prior authorization that exists.  In the first quarter, we launched enhancements to our Incyte care patient support program. We remain committed to making this program second to none in terms of support levels, eligibility thresholds and either views to benefit both current MF patients and future PV patients. Our Jakafi net sales guidance assumes no meaningful contribution to revenues in 2014 from FDA approved indication in PV. We believe the PV indication will make a substantial contribution to Jakafi sales in 2015. The addressable patient population for PV is larger than that of MF and lengthy treatment of PV is likely to be longer than MF. Based up on claims data there are at least hundred thousand PV patients diagnosed and treated in the U.S. 60% of them are currently on HU, or previously on HU. But this continued because of side effects, or lack of efficacy. We estimate that approximately 25,000 of these patients or one in four have inadequate response to or intolerant of HU and suffer from uncontrolled PV while on just available therapies. We have always said that MPNs are just beginning. We have a deep pipeline of novel molecules and innovative programs that represents an exceptional opportunity to make a difference for patients. To discuss this in more detail Ill turn it over to Rich.
Richard S. Levy: Thanks, Jim. During the first quarter, we took several important steps forward to broaden and strengthen our JAK inhibitor programs. Our development efforts with Jakafi in myeloproliferative neoplasms continue to advance. In early March, response our Phase III registration study for polycythemia vera that is being conducted under an SPA readout and we announced top-line results were positive. This study which compared ruxolitinib to best available therapy for patients with polycythemia vera who are resistant or intolerant to hydroxyurea, met its primary endpoint for achieving phlebotomy independence and reducing spleen volume by 35 percent or more. The safety profile of ruxolitinib was generally consistent with previous studies. Given the positive results, we remain on track to submit the sNDA this June. Our second Phase III study in patients with PV a double-blind study called RELIEF is measuring disease related symptoms and data are expected mid-year. Our goal is to submit full results from RELIEF for presentation at ASH in December and to submit sNDA label update on symptomatic benefit shortly after our expected approval of the PV indication. I will next turn to our development efforts focusing on JAK inhibition in solid tumors. Previously reported that the results from the Phase II double-blind RECAP trial in second line pancreatic cancer showed a hazard ratio for overall survival of 0.47 favoring the ruxolitinib arm in a prospectively defined subgroup of patients. We will discuss these data and the subgroup in greater detail at ASCO during both the oral presentation as well as in our Monday evening investor event. At that event we will also describe in detail the mechanistic rationale for JAK inhibition and solid tumors as well as the clinical basis for our patient selection methodology. We are moving forward with randomized survival studies not only in pancreatic cancer, but also in several other solid tumors. Our first and most advanced program is in pancreatic cancer. In March, we randomized and started treatment of the first patient in Janus 1, a double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III trial in the second line setting evaluating ruxolitinib versus placebo on a background of capecitabine, this is being conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment. A second nearly identical trial Janus 2 is planned to begin within the next two months. Each trial will enroll approximately 300 patients who meet the criteria for the subgroup defined in the RECAP trial. And the primary endpoints will be overall survival. Weve also started screening in our double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase II trials in non-small cell lung cancer and breast cancer and have started treatment in the first patients in our colorectal cancer study involved with ruxolitinib. The breast and lung cancer studies will focus exclusively on the subgroup identified in RECAP. The breast cancer study will compared ruxolitinib plus capecitabine, to capecitabine plus placebo with the 148 patients. The lung cancer study will compare ruxolitinib plus pemetrexed and cisplatin, to pemetrexed/cisplatin plus placebo, in a 156 patients. The colorectal cancer study will compare ruxolitinib plus regorafenib to regorafenib plus placebo and will also enroll parallel group that does meet the subgroup criteria with the aim of demonstrating the differential benefit of ruxolitinib in the subgroup identified in RECAP. However the primary endpoint will be based only on the patients in the selected subgroup, this study will enroll 373 patients. We are also planning to evaluate our lead JAK1 inhibitor 39110 and solid tumor starting with two blinded Phase II studies in non-small cell lung cancer, again with overall survival as the primary end point for both studies. The first study is planned to initiate in the second quarter, and the second study is expected to initiate later this year. Ill now turn to our IDO1 inhibitor 24360, a mechanism that we think may provide meaning therapeutic approach in the immuno-oncology field. We know that IDO1 inhibitors can provide antitumor fact in relevant preclinical models as monotherapy and we combined with checkpoint inhibitors such as anti-CTLA4, anti-PD-1, or PD-L1 significant synergy has been achieved. We look-forward to presenting the results of the ongoing uncontrolled dose-finding portion of our Phase I/II study of 24360, in combination with the approved anti-CTLA4, antibody, ipilimumab in melanoma at ASCO the data from which continue to be encouraging. In addition, we will soon initiative our first combination study with Mercks anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, MK-3475. Under the terms of non exclusive clinical collaboration agreement, Incyte and Merck will co-fund the Phase I/II study in patients of previously treated metastatic and non-recurrent non-small cell lung cancer as well as other metastatic cancers. The Phase I portion should define a recommended regimen for the two combined agents in patients for their range of solid tumors, and the Phase II portion will evaluate efficacy and safety that recommended regimen and a randomize population of non-small cell lung cancer patients where all patients receive MK-3475, combined with either our IDO1 inhibitors 24360 or placebo. Incyte will conduct the study, though the design of the study was done in close collaboration with Merck. IND has been cleared by the FDA and the trial should begin enrolling patients by mid year. We also have additional opportunities to combine our drugs when preclinical data suggest the combination they have additional clinical benefits. The first such targeted combination that were currently evaluating in a clinical trail is with our JAK1 inhibitor, 39110 and our PI3K-delta inhibitor 40093 in patients with B-lymphoid malignancies. Both are distinct mechanism study different synergy and preclinical study and lymphoma. And with that, Ill now turn the call over to Dave.
David C. Hastings: Thanks, Rich. Good morning everybody. Lets begin with Jakafi for which we recorded $69.7 million first quarter net product revenues. Additionally, we reported $9.8 million in product royalties from Novartis for sales of Jakafi outside the United States. We also recorded as a part of contract revenue in the first quarter, a $7 million milestone from Novartis based on the formal initiation of a Phase II clinical study with c-MET inhibitor INC280 and c-MET positive/EGFR-TKI-resistant non-small cell lung cancer.  Our gross to net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $9.6 million or 12.1% for the first quarter. As I mentioned in our last call, we expected our gross to net adjustment to be higher in the first quarter than the rest of the year primarily because of our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. We still expect that our full year gross to net adjustment will range from 9% to 10%. Our cost of goods sold for the first quarter was immaterial as we continue to benefit from the fact that our starting finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. In terms of operating expenses, both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations.  From a cash perspective, we ended the quarter with $519 million in cash; our multiple and increasing sources of cash flows from net product sales, milestones and royalties and our stable cash position give us the ability to continue to invest in our PV launch activities and fund our expanding high potential pipeline. So, with that operator, that concludes our formal remarks. And lets open the call for our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your questions.
Whitney Ijem  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Good morning, this is Whitney on for Cory this morning. Two quick IDO questions for you. First, can you give us any more detail in terms of how many patients will see data on at ASCO or how many cohorts have been enrolled? And then also if you can give us any detail on what data we should be expecting in the abstract to sort of in terms of types of data versus the poster?
Richard S. Levy:  Sure. So, I mean you didn't say it but I'm pretty certain that you are talking about the IDO studies. So in the abstract we will have results of the patients who were first started at 300 milligrams and even though that dose was not tolerated well present some data - there is data in the abstract on those patients. Then we went down to 25 milligrams twice a day. There were eight patients in that cohort and that is the data that is in the abstract. At the actual presentation we will also have results of the 15 milligrams BID cohort, which adds about another seven or eight patients. So, altogether there is a number of patients. But there will definitely be some additional data from the higher dose cohort in the presentation that is in the abstract that we expect to come out around two weeks from now.
Whitney Ijem  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Got it. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Matt Roden from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt M. Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Great, good morning and thanks for having me on the call. I would like to ask a commercial question and then a pipeline follow-up if I may. So first on the commercial, Jim, could you maybe amplify your comments on Jakafi demand in terms of new patient starts and persistency rates? And perhaps whether or not there is any perspective on April trends.
James M. Daly:  Sure Matt. As we look at the underlying demand trends in the first quarter, they're rock solid. Again 6% dispensed again thats dispensed to patients very consistent with what we saw same period last year, quite consistent with what we saw quite frankly in the fourth quarter. We are seeing expansion of new prescribers. And quite frankly we are seeing those trends persist through April. So weve had a strong April, so we feel that the impacts that we felt in the first quarter were seasonal and the underlying business remains robust.
Matt M. Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Jim, if the gross to net and inventory normalizes here, to what extent should we expect a snapback in reported sales in 2Q and then lastly, can I just gauge your level of confidence in the guidance range?
James M. Daly:  Sure, well as you know, patients, particularly when you have a branded product with a significant Medicare part D component, patients do have a tendency to try and pull forward prescriptions from January into December, but that effect only lasts for month and youd expect to see that bounceback. We are seeing that. Price was kind of a wind in our face in the first quarter. We had gross to net of 8% in the fourth quarter. We jumped to 12% in the first quarter. But as Dave guided 9 to 10 for the year, we expect that to come down so price will certainly be a wind in our back. Plus we took price increase on April 1. So we expect to have - and we think we ended the quarter at the low-end of the normal range of inventory. So we have got all drivers going in the right direction in the second quarter so we think we're going to have a very strong second quarter.
Matt M. Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Sorry, go ahead on the guidance.
James M. Daly: Yes, the implication for the guidance, Matt quite frankly, we are more confident in the guidance we issued on the fourth quarter call now than we were when we issued it. We're feeling really good about where the business is. We've got a lot of momentum, and we have very high level of conviction in the current guidance.
Matt M. Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Okay, and then one follow-up on the pipeline if I may. Rich, I wanted to get your perspective on the SPA on the Jakafi Janus study. So on one hand you could say its not terribly groundbreaking to have an SPA for survival trial in cancer. But is the right interpretation of the SPA, is that the regulators thought that the onco information approach is clinically real and significant, and does this represent a sort of a blessing of the subgroup and imply the regulators are buying into the mechanism based on the data?
Richard S. Levy:  So clearly there is buy-in to the subgroup. That was not an issue and we have in writing that we don't need to study the other subgroup et cetera, et cetera. With respect to how much FDA believes in the mechanism, I mean there a skeptical group is  in general when they say show me more data. So they have seen the early data and they said we need another trial and you would be better off following the regulations and doing two more trials just to be absolutely safe in case that results in the first of those trials is not quite as robust as what you saw in Phase II. So I mean that's about all I can say. The SPA was a process that we went through. Not because we wanted to get their buy-in that survival could be the primary endpoint, but to make sure that the subgroup was okay and that we didn't need to do any work to develop a companion diagnostic.
Matt M. Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks and congrats on all the pipeline progress.
Richard S. Levy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ian Somaiya from Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks, and I apologize in advance for the background noise. First question was on the Jakafi pancreatic cancer you made a presentation. Could you just give us some sense of what to expect, what additional [inaudible] the data we get, I know in the press release you shared with us [inaudible] in the survival across the two groups, are we just going to get an expansion of that to nine months plus or is there something more we should expect? And I have one follow-up.
Richard S. Levy: Okay, I cant go into detail as to what is going to be in the abstract/presentation, I think the main difference that you will see from whats already out there is the identification of the subgroup. I don't remember the abstract per se to remember what else is in there. But there is more information than was simply in the press release that we issued before. And then the actual presentation will obviously go beyond the abstract and I think importantly the investor event that we will do that evening will include additional presentations that go beyond the actual results of the RECAP study to include background on historical data, on selection of the subgroup and why we are confident of this is not only real here in pancreatic cancer, but other solid tumors as well. As well as more on the scientific background on the whole theory and evidence behind onco inflammation as a therapeutic target with Jakafi [inaudible].
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. And just one follow-up was on the combination study you are running [inaudible] B-cell lymphoma, PI3K-delta and JAK1. Just intrigued by the combination of that mechanism and I was wondering if there are any subgroups that you have identified or [inaudible] in that trial like you did in the RECAP study.
James M. Daly:  So, right now we are still in the dose finding portion of that study. And so we generally in this case as well, try to get through dose finding with a broad population of patients until we get to the drug levels where we are confident that we really want to be focusing on potential subgroups that may be best. In that study, we are not focusing on the same subgroup as in the solid tumors although that is a possibility for later on. And Id ask Reid if you want to add anything to this.
Reid M. Huber:  Yes, I dont think Id add in EM is that we have some degree of interest of course in the ABC subtypes just given the background biology of JAK start signaling there, and some of the emerging data with these receptor inhibition, but I think our preclinical data suggests that the combination could have utility outside of the subgroup. And so just to amplify Richs statement thats one of the underlying reasons why enrolling a broader set of patients and surveying activity kind of more broad set early on is important to us. Because I think thats driven by part of the underlying thinking in the biology.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.:  Okay. Can you just give us a sense for what the likely next steps are going to be for that program for that combination?
David C. Hastings:  Sure. Weve already established with monotherapy with 4093 that were able to get safely to levels that inhibit the target by over 90% throughout the dosing interval. We then took a step back, when we added in combination with the JAK1 inhibitor and we want to get up to at least that level. Then there are several expansion cohorts in different patient populations which are not really ready to discuss at this time. But Reid also mentioned for example the ABC subtype of DLBCL. Its something that we are interested in. And that will potentially give us, answers to whether or not we want to move forward to potential Phase II or even registration trials in some of those B-cell malignancies with that combination.
James M. Daly:  I would rather just get offline. 
David C. Hastings:  Greater details until a later time.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you, very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Brian C. Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on all the commercial and pipeline progress. Question on PV to start I never going to see the full data in a couple of weeks, but is there anything I guess qualitative that you can talk about that you learned about Jakafis benefits in treating PV from the response study compared to what we already knew from the phase II experience, and you guys seem pretty confident in the potential positioning once this has approved next year. And then I'm curious also if youre starting to see any uptick in our flavor used or I guess more relaxed restrictions from insurers since the top line, positive topline data is come out and then in a quick pipeline follow up thanks.
James M. Daly:  Brian this is Jim, I will take the second question first which is weve seen just a very gradual increase and the percent of use that is non-MF I think we have 12% non-MF in the fourth quarter and thats gone to 13% in the first quarter, so no meaningful change.
Richard S. Levy: So I have to be careful what I say here because the data is not out yet. There are some differences between the designs of the trials more so then there are differences in the results of the trials. So for example in the Phase 2 trial we look at (indiscernible) by patient not by MRI, where is to get MRI in Phase 3. We had a running period where we got people into a therapeutic range for their hermetic within the Phase 2 trial. And then look for phlebotomy eligibility where as the Phase 2 we just took them where they were. So there are going to be some difference based on the designs of the trials but I dont think quantitatively or qualitatively they indicate anything different.  Obviously the Phase 3 trial is larger and that gives us an ability to start looking at certain things that we had no potential to look at in Phase 2 including for example even though the rates are low, rates of the thrombosis in the different arms of the trial which you trying to keep them rate down in order to be able to avoid thrombosis but actually doing thrombosis trials is way too long and too larger in the FDA we didnt need to do that but within this larger study with patient study is longer we can start to get a hint at some of that data as well.
Brian C. Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks Richard, thats really helpful and just a quick follow up you mentioned I dont think Lilys recently mentioned that will see some of the Phase 3 data comparison that rolling up by the end of this year can you possibly clarify which of the studies, which study or studies we might see and is there anything youre waiting to see from those readouts prior to starting the Phase 2 for 986 in RA? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy: The answer is. I do know which trials are likely to readout this year but Im not at liberty to get any information on Lilys programs at this time they really are in control of the message on this one and we just what we said is what were allowed to say at this point of time. 
Brian C. Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, sure enough in terms of gaining practice for 986 and anything you are looking for in those studies if we start 96.
Richard S. Levy:  No, that study is pretty much ready to start we have an investigators meeting coming up and then patients will start enrolling protocol has finalized, the IND is clear thats pretty much ready to go.
Brian C. Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Great, thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric T. Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question maybe a big picture question for Herv and it looks like youre planning quite a show at ASCO with two analyst meetings one focused on JAKs and solid tumors and IDO. Is there one, two points that you want investors to take home from that Analyst meeting on JAKs and solid tumors and IDO what would they be.
Herv Hoppenot: Well the reason we do two meetings is frankly, mostly practical because two of the presentations on Monday and I know many of you in fact may not say on Tuesday so what we wanted to do is to do meeting on Monday evening to discuss IDO and onco inflammation. I think obviously the data itself is going to be a big part of this meeting, but in addition to the data, what we would like to discuss with all of you is also the scientific rationale behind onco inflammation and the fact that there is a mechanism there that is fairly you where very few companies are involved and we are in the lead. And it is our responsibility to clarify for everybody what is the science behind the mechanism of external of the drug like Jakafi in study tumors. For IDO obviously the data that would be for the disclosed for the first time and then well be discussing also the status of the program and how we see combinations being that keep up as the next steps for this product.
Eric T. Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you, thats helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Thomas Wei from Jefferies. Please proceed with our question.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Thanks, just a couple on 360. Just to clarify how many were at 300 milligrams?
David C. Hastings: I would its probably about somewhere in the range of six, but I just don't have that number in my head.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Fair its
Richard S. Levy:  Hervs would bring to me the key things that was seven.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Okay, so it might be seven, eight and then seven or eight. So when you total what we may get around 22 or 23 patients presented at ASCO in the actual presentation, is that right?
Richard S. Levy:  Yes.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: And can you give us a sense because of the disparity of the doses here, when you talk about having a positive view on the efficacy signals, you are talking about a kind of all doses here. This isnt something thats being driven by the data 300 milligrams.
Richard S. Levy:  Absolutely not, I mean that would be I couldnt say pass the red base test, so we have a non-tolerated dose that works and tolerated doses was that are not working. So yes, our excitement that we had and communicated in the past was based on the results that we were seeing a 25 milligrams. The b.i.d. that we had before we submitted the abstract that includes the data 25 b.i.d.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: And youve talked about showing data on response rates and progression free survival and overall survival. Can you say, are we going to see some data on things like thats response at the ASCO presentation?
Richard S. Levy: So, two things, one I think so, but we havent finalized the presentations yet. But I think we're going to probably show a waterfall plot were you show the depth of response on each individual patient within certain groups. And second as I tried to say, we have survival data. I'm not sure what we're going to do with that because in this era, patients who fail this combination may go on to things like PD1 inhibitors, which that was not true and at the time when ipilimumab and monotherapy was being first studied. And so that could be overly misleading to suggest something that we dont know was related to the drug per se. But time to progression or time to change in regimen as a measure of progression is some thing that we believe is interesting data and will be included in the presentation.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: And then just lastly that the Merck, Lambro combination study, given the huge range of doses that you have looked at historically where doesnt in the 300 milligrams maybe being a very specific toxicity issue with it be. Is the plan to stick to the 2550 end of the range with Lambro or to start there and to go all the way up to the original proposed 300 mg? Or how should we think about that and how many doses might this early Phase 1 part actually end up exploring?
Richard S. Levy:  Yes, so I think we went to 600 and 900 originally with monotherapy and that was way higher than we needed to be. And I agree with you that we believe that the combination toxicity data is largely  is the combination issue and most likely not a PD-1 or PD-L1 combination issue. But we have to generate the data to do that. So we are going to start relatively low. And work our way up. But I don't think that anyone has to be that there is a need to take the amount of time it would take to get all the way up to 300 mg dose again, because when we look at this, we said in the range of 25 to 50 mg BID gives about all the efficacy that you see in the preclinical model. So, we would like to have some buffer there above that's that every patient remains in that therapeutic range. And so I don't think it's the case that we are going to have to go gradually from 25 BID as an example of the starting point all the way up to 300. But, the protocol probably allows us to continue to go, but I think that we probably won't go past a few doses.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.:   Thanks, thats very helpful.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Michael W. Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have one bigger picture question on the IDO inhibitor, so would be we dont call its your landscape evolving rapidly and becoming fairly competitive and some of the indications, what is your overall philosophy in driving development for 20, 40, 60 forward in certain indications versus others. And then I had a follow-up.
James M. Daly: So, were looking at a broad range of options. With respect to the PD-1 or PD-L1 targets. We think those are very good drugs and but in many of the indications there is evidence of efficacy but not for example as strong as they are in melanoma. And so, what we're really looking for primarily is indications in which we know that the mechanism is active but for which there is a significant room for improvement that could be demonstrated in moderately sized registration trials. We also continue to look at opportunities for other combinations outside of PD-1, PD-L1 potentially with things like ipilimumab potentially with things like vaccines and potentially with some of the other novel targets that are coming forward in immuno oncology.
Michael W. Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. And with regards to PV and the Novartis collaboration, have you disclosed what level or what types of milestone payments are tied to the PV approval launch?
James M. Daly: Yeah, they are very typical milestones you see in these types of collaborations. Obviously a key events such as approval and pricing reimbursement in their territory would be the most obvious.
Michael W. Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC:  Okay, great. And then the last one on Lilly. Are you aware of development plans for baricitinib, outside RA on parts of Lilly?
James M. Daly: So, what has been publicly announced is that they're doing Phase II trials and psoriasis and diabetic nephropathy and they have not said anything beyond those two indications.
Michael W. Schmidt  Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Navdeep Singh from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning guys, and thanks for taking my questions. Just few questions, so maybe Ill start off with a question on Jakafi given the recent increase in  cost of our drugs including oncology drug is that, obviously from pricing power, do you believe you have the Jakafi in the U.S. I thought that you took another 5% increase at the end of Q1. And then I have a follow-up question on IDOl inhibitor. Thanks.
David C. Hastings: It was 4.75, and I think most of the peers are focused on the larger use areas where you have a small indication with the survival benefit with data suggesting supportive of the survival benefit. Weve had minimal pushback from payers regarding the value proposition for Jakafi.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. And then question on IDO1 inhibitor, so are you guys considering it all that are computing IDO1 inhibitor maybe a little to enter into an exclusive deal with Merck or any other form if you report a pretty compiling data from your study evaluating IDO1 inhibitor plus the Merck PD-1 antibody, and is there anything that you can prevent Merck from taking such a path?
Herv Hoppenot:  I would say that important thing that can prevent anybody from taking such a path, the reality of the field of IDO is that we are well ahead of the competition and thats what we intend to continue, where we intend to continue to be. So we dont see that as a circumstantial issue.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs :  Okay. Thanks a lot, Herv.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steve Byrne from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So based on your understanding of the biology the JAK signaling pathways, do you hypothesize that there is a role for the JAK2 inhibition in the solid tumors or do think its more neutral in its effects and/or could the subgroup potentially remove a detrimental effect?
Reid M. Huber:  Yes. So I think  this is Reid. The question asked to the relevance of JAK2 in the inventory activity to the date that were kind of present at ASCO around RECAP. I think its still an open question, but we have some perspective that really are driving are more balanced approach in the development program or it involves bringing  when possible. And also taking JAK1 and I feel there are no compounds forward. The data that will describe particularly at the investor event at ASCO will go into some detail as to which side of kinds are believe to play the most important driving roll in both local and information of the material microenvironment as well as systemically with any manifest and some of the metabolic inhibitor weve seen in advanced malignancy. The majority of that data I think its fair to say and support an important role for JAK1 single link and therefore likely an important role JAK1 inhibition and the benefits that we see in pancreatic cancer and that underlies the rationale and other tumor types. JAK2 can play a role in some cell types (indiscernible) cells and things like that, it maybe the importance of JAK2 activity is more histology dependent these are all things that were going to have to explore with the development program and really underlie our view that where we can take ruxolitinib forward and regimens that are not overly myelosuppressive will do that and in histologies and regimens were we otherwise couldnt take ruxolitinib and that's a good place to explore JAK1 and are thinking about all of these things above over time.
Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  And just a follow up for you Jim, you mentioned the price increase from March it was roughly half the prior price increase. Do you anticipate shortening the interval between price increases, as this is changing your pricing strategy?
James M. Daly:  Steve, at a general policy we dont comment on forward pricing actions but if you look at oral oncolytics there is a growing practice to move toward twice a year pricing actions.
Steve Byrne  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Josh Schimmer from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Josh E. Schimmer  Piper Jaffray & Co: Thanks for taking the questions. First on the IDO inhibitor program, do plan to pursue additional studies in combination with ipilimumab and what is the rationale for expecting synergy with PD1 antibodies in order to what we seen with
James M. Daly:  So were exploring all options we clearly are focused on the PD1s including the study with Merck if there is an opportunity with ipilimumab that is not already potentially taken by a PD1 we would certainly be interested in exploring that so weve not closed the door on anything and Ill turn the second question over to Reid.
Reid M. Huber:  Yes, so Josh, this is not been published work conducted in collaboration with Tom Gajewski University of Chicago and is also been a study published using the IDO1 knock out mouse. But describe some of the pharmacology with combined inhibitation or loss of IDO1 and PD-1, PD-L1 blockade. And I think to summarize it briefly these are mechanistically distinct intervention points they target different aspects of the negative regulation of anti-tumor immune response and taking off IDO1 is a break and ipilimumab activity is reflected of two distinct therapeutic approaches that can give you synergy and very similarly being IDO1 and antagonizing PD1 gives you a very similar pharmacologic effect overall so I think basically these are multiple independent points on a cascade and your ability to achieve synergy is very clear pre-clinically when you take up multiple breaks.
Josh E. Schimmer  Piper Jaffray & Co:  Great, and then Jakafi and other solid tumor indication among breast and colorectal what percent of those patients shared (indiscernible) future segment pancreatic cancer. And I wasnt clear would those patients enrolled in those Phase 3 trials those upper patients or is that is the broad patient population?
James M. Daly: So well get into that more detail when we actually do our Investor meeting when we actually disclose the subgroup. But I mean I will say that probably the breast cancer patients which is probably the largest of the indication has a lower percentage on that would meet the subgroup. But we should have no trouble finding them because there are so many of these breast cancer patients. And what was your second part of the question.
Josh E. Schimmer  Piper Jaffray & Co:  When the trials will specifically only include those subgroup patients or whether enrolled.
James M. Daly: Right so as I try to get across in my prepared remarks, the lung cancer and breast cancer studies are only in the subgroup. The colon cancer includes two groups. Those that meet this definition and those do not but the primary endpoint in the colon cancer study is based on those patients that are in that subgroup. We felt that it was important to demonstrate that this subgroup was not only predictive in pancreatic cancer but in at least one other tumor type. And we choose to do that, within colon cancer because this study which is on top of survivor or Regorafenib the very advanced patient population, positive trial there has some potential to be a registration trial. And so we wanted to make sure that we were kicking the box of showing that this predictor that we saw confirmed in pancreatic cancer was also confirmed in one of the tumor types. We don't feel that it, we show that in both pancreatic and colon that we would need to show in other types. And thats kind of the reason why that study is bigger.
Josh E. Schimmer  Piper Jaffray & Co: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ying Huang from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Murphy, thanks for taking my questions. I had one for IDO first so obviously the investors have been focusing clearly on the response rate you reported at ASCO. I want to - probably your thoughts on the relationship between response rate, and then eventually will see hopefully a PFS and OS benefit, in this combination IDO inhibitor and (indiscernible) inhibitor here. And then secondly, what is the difference in product code for the JANUS1 and JANUS2 trial for the Phase III pancreatic cancer trial. And then does the SPA you reached with FDA stipulate the you have to meet survival end points for both? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy:  Okay. You may have to remind me of all of the questions again. So let me start backwards. So the SPA does not say that we need to have two positive trials the FDA is around the design of the first trial and that the communications with the FDA or the results of that one trial are robust, that that may be sufficient. But we were advised to do a second trial in case the results of this trial are not as strong as in the Phase II trial. In terms of response rates progression free survival, survival, et cetera. So its clear that there are long lived patients who are not responders to immunotherapies. But I think it is a good thing to start with the real responses, including as you have seen with the PD1 some pretty deep responses in terms of the percent change in tumor volume. The second thing is that we will present data on the duration of response in some of these patients and compared to historical data with ipilimumab. So I think that response and time to progression, and again survival data is just biased in our favor and that's why no one should think that we dont think a survival is good, It's just that if someone has progressed and they go to another therapy that did not exist before, it's just hard to compare, we dont want to take credit where it may not be real yet. So I would look at this as an early study for which you have where you are limited in terms of some of the things that you have like what is the long-term survival in and patients. But from what we have, I think its remains supportive that we are looking at something that is encouraging, something that is clearly better than ipilimumab monotherapy and will obviously reserve further comments and how this may compare to PD-1 in melanoma until you see the data
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital, Inc.: And can you remind us where it is a new product or different between Janus 1 and Janus 2 trial?
Richard S. Levy: Im sorry. So the differences are number one that we are looking at symptoms of pancreatic cancer in Janus 2, but not in Janus 1, but that still only an exploratory end point there to try to fully evaluate potential patient for the outcome that could be supplemental labeling statement at a later time. The second thing is the Janus 1 is a little bit larger than Janus 2 not by a lot simply because the only real role for Janus 2 will be a Janus 1 is not sufficiently robust that we need the second positive trial, so its a little bit smaller otherwise the designs are pretty much identical.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my question, just a follow-up some what you were saying earlier I know the colorectal study for Jakafi is large and therefore could be eligible for registration can you will be comment on that for the long? What would be necessary if that result we got here could those be included in the label eventually?
Richard S. Levy:  So, first I dont want to set expectations that the colorectal cancer study is a registration study and this is an expectation that we get approved that study is positive, were saying results of that are sufficiently robust and considering that there are no options for those patients possibility. With the respect to the breast and non-small cell there is no possibility in my mind and those studies would actually be the registration studies, but whether if we then went on to a subsequent study, the results of those earlier Phase II studies could also be included in the eventual label that remains a possibility.
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: Okay, great and then just a quick question. I noticed you sort of modify the language around PV a little bit use to be sort of retrofit and tolerant and you are talking a little bit more now, but qualifying that uncontrolled does there any sort of meaningful difference behind that?
Richard S. Levy:  No Liisa were going through a translation process right now I think which the team translated Phase II to Phase III now we have translate Phase III to a label and then as a commercial team we will translate that to messages then we will ultimately translate that into treated patients. So the normal criteria is evolving as we go through those translation processes.
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: Okay, great. And then can you maybe talk a little bit about market readiness I know that was slight issue for Jakafi and MF what do you doing in PV now just sort of lay the foundation thats my last question? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy: Liisa I want get into explicit details, but I want to assure you that were doing everything that should be done that can be down in order to climb the market in a complaint manner. So that we have a higher compression launch for PV, so it will be a launch executed in a highly professional manner, and our goal is to make sure that the patients who need this product get it as quickly as possible and we are confident, we are going to do that.
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Boris Peaker from Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Yes, good morning, thank you for taking my questions. My first question is on Jakafi, you mentioned that the colorectal study is going to be the second study to somewhat validate the biomarker. I am just curious is that colorectal study does not support the biomarker I mean how would that impact some of the other studies where youre ready selecting only biomarker positive patients.
James M. Daly: So, I mean I think that, really is going to be indication by indication. And the data that we saw in pancreatic cancer is pretty convincing that this is real. But it was based on hypothesis that goes back in the literature from many years with tens of thousands of patients supporting that this is an important factor. Anyone study is not necessarily going to negotiate that the totality of that data. And so I certainly don't think it would have any impact on the approval in pancreatic cancer. And if we saw good results for example, in both of the patients that were in this group and those were not in the group. In colon cancer, my preference would be the same, the good in both groups and maybe there's another reason why that drug works in colon cancer. Anything can happen within individual study and that's why you have to do the study is to really know.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Correct. And my second question is on IDO. Im just curious are you in active discussion for additional potential combinations for your IDO compound and its so all these partnerships specifically maybe waiting for the ASCO data would have been prior to pulling the trigger on some other IDO combo.
James M. Daly: Yes, we already have two discussions with other manufactures. So we have PD-1s, PD-L1s and there are not gated to any other particular data release.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Okay, great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator:  Thank you, we have reached end of our question-and-answer session I would like to turn the call back over to management team for further any closing comments.
Herv Hoppenot: Okay, thank you. Thank you for attending this call. Obviously, as you see, I mean we have had a very strong Q1 on the development side and on the commercial side. So I think it can be looked at as a very good step for the organization and the next big one would be at ASCO. So I hope to see you all at our ASCO Investor meeting. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect you lines at this time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Pamela M. Murphy  Vice President-Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Herv Hoppenot  President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Daly  Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer David C. Hastings  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Reid M. Huber  Senior Vice President-Discovery Biology Richard S. Levy  Executive Vice President-Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer 
Analysts:  Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC Matt Roden  UBS Securities LLC Ying Huang  Barclays Capital, Inc. Cory Kasimov  JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray, Inc. Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs & Co. Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc. Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC Brienne Kugler  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thomas Wei  Jefferies LLC Bret Holley  Guggenheim Securities, LLC  
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year End 2013 Earnings Call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you, Ms. Murphy, you may now begin.
Pamela M. Murphy: Good morning and again welcome to Incytes fourth quarter and year end conference call. On the call today is Herv Hoppenot who as most of you know joined Incyte last month as President and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call today are Jim Daly, who leads our Commercial Team; Dave Hastings, our Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, who directs Drug Development; and Reid Huber who heads Discovery Biology. Herv will begin with a brief overview of the quarter and Jim will follow with an update on Jakafi, and Rich will highlight progress made in our lead clinical programs. Dave will then describe our fourth quarter financial results and 2014 financial guidance. After our formal remarks we will open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, we would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans for Jakafi and other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline and our 2014 financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 and from time to time in our SEC documents. Herv?
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you, Pam and thank you all for attending this call. So, first obviously I am very excited of joining the Incyte team and I want to congratulate and thank Paul Friedman for building such a company that its in a great position to continue to develop a broad portfolio of products to significantly improve patient outcomes. Now looking back at 2013, we delivered a very strong and sustained sales growth for Jakafi in myelofibrosis and exceeded the revenue guidance. The big news, obviously, for patients was at ASCO when we updated our survival data and suggested that we can slow progression of disease and prolong life of patient with myelofibrosis. We also saw data from RECAP our Phase II trial of ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer and that this data are encouraging for patient not only with pancreatic cancer, but also with other solid tumors. And obviously we developed our pipeline of advanced number of projects and during the year we also restructured and strengthened the balance sheet which gives us the ability to invest and grow our pipeline and continue to discover and develop new drugs. Now looking forward to the future starting obviously now in 2014. First, we believe we will see continued growth in myelofibrosis, which you can see reflected in our net product guidance for 2014 in the range of $315 million to $335 million. Now remember myelofibrosis is just the beginning for Jakafi. We look forward for expanding to other indications, first in the PV where we expect to file sNDA in the first half of the year, and are getting our team ready for successful launch. And next, solid tumor, where we are planning two Phase III studies in pancreatic cancer and Phase II trials in breast cancer, colon cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. Our lead JAK1 inhibitor also has the potential in treating solid tumor and were testing it first in non-small cell lung cancer. We are also obviously excited about the potential of our IDO program. Just last week we announced that the deal with Merck to combine our IDOl inhibitor with their anti-PD-1 immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer, where we would be starting studies during the year. And we intend to establish all the collaboration to show that our IDO1 inhibitor can do in various types of cancer. Another combination we are working on is when where we are combining two of our own compound PI3 kinase delta inhibitor and the JAK1 inhibitor first in B-lymphoid malignancies.
.: Now, Jim will provide more details around our commercialization of Jakafi.
Jim Daly:  Thank you Herv and good morning everyone. Our gross strategy for Jakafi to add new patients at a healthy consistent rate while keeping patients on treatment longer yielded continued solid results in the fourth quarter as evidenced by the $72.9 million in net product revenues. I would like to thank our Incyte colleagues for their tireless efforts in educating physicians about optimal use of Jakafi to benefit patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis.  In terms of quarter-over-quarter growth net sales grew 21% with the following components of growth. Underlying demand as measured by bottles dispensed to patients grew by 7%. Net price accounted for seven points of growth and inventory accounted for 7 points of growth. We exited the fourth quarter with inventory levels at the high end of our normal range of three to 3.5 weeks. The dollar value increase in inventory between the third and the fourth quarters was approximately $4 million, a portion of which we expect to reduce in the first quarter. Our full year 2013 net sales of $235.4 million, reflects 73% growth over 2012 net sales of $136 million. Our fourth quarter performance was consistent with our expectations for steady growth and underlying demand which we saw throughout 2013. New patient starts remain consistent with previous quarters and the number of prescribers have continued to increase. Through the fourth quarter, nearly 60% of our target prescribers have prescribed Jakafi at least once and 36% have prescribed for two or more patients. One third of new patients come from new prescribers and two thirds come from previous prescribers, reflecting a gradual shift to existing prescribers relative to prior quarters. We continue to see increasing use of lower dosage strengths, which is driven by physicians individualizing treatment. In the fourth quarter, 5 milligram and 10 milligram strengths represented nearly 50% of dispensed bottles, up from 43% during the same period last year and slightly up from the third quarter this year. This reflects appropriate patients starting on lower dosage strengths or patients titrating downward as necessary. Looking at 2014, we continue to believe that the total U.S. population of patients with myelofibrosis is between 16,000 and 18,500. Approximately 80% to 90% of patients diagnosed with MF are intermediate or high-risk and we believe there is significant proportion of patients who may benefit from Jakafi, still remain untreated, which provides an opportunity for future growth. From a physician perspective, we see an opportunity to increase breadth of prescribing while also increasing depth of prescribing. Our expanded sales force will enable us to reach more physicians with greater frequency in 2014. We continue to experience a favorable reimbursement environment. The vast majority of payers manage Jakafi consistent with the label and physicians are able to successfully manage most prior authorizations that exist. Financial assistance is provided by our IncyteCARES program or through independent foundations. Through scientific channels emerging data on overall survival are emphasizing the medical imperative to treat patients earlier in the course of the disease. We hope to have certain overall survival data reflected in the product package insert as a result of a labeling update expected in the third quarter. Our guidance of $315 million to $335 million in net product revenues in 2014 reflects year-over-year growth between 34% and 42%, driven by new patient starts and continued improvement in persistency. Our guidance assumes no meaningful contribution to revenues in 2014 from an FDA approved indication in PV. Based on our market research, we continue to expect, assuming FDA approval, that PV indication will make a substantial contribution in Jakafi sales in 2015. The addressable patient population for PV is larger than that of MF and the length of treatment of PV is likely to be longer than MF. Based upon claims data there are at least 100,000 PV patients diagnosed and treated in the U.S. 60% of them are currently on HU or previously on HU, but discontinued because of side effects or lack of efficacy. We estimate that approximately 25,000 of these patients are resistant to or intolerant of HU and suffer from uncontrolled PV while on best available therapies. A primary treatment goal for PV patients to consistently reduce and maintain hematocrit levels below 45% was achieved in the Jakafi Phase II study in almost all patients who were resistant to of intolerant of HU. Patients also experienced reductions in spleen size and improvements in debilitating symptoms. These uncontrolled PV patients have significant unmet needs and reflect a major commercial opportunity for Jakafi. We are taking all appropriate steps to help insure that we will maximize the opportunity in front of us with PV. Weve always said that MPNs are just the beginning. We have a deep pipeline of novel molecules and innovative programs that represent an exceptional opportunity to make a difference for patients, To discuss this in more detail Ill now turn it over to Rich.
Richard S. Levy: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Our development efforts with the Jakafi in myeloproliferative neoplasms continue to advance on several fronts. With respect to intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis we submitted an sNDA early in the fourth quarter for inclusion of certain survival data in our label and we expect to have a response from the agency by the third quarter. Additionally, our Phase III registration study for polycythemia vera, that is being conducted under an SPA will readout soon. We expect to have top line data to announce in March or April and then to submit the sNDA in June for the treatment of PV patients resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea. As we said in our third quarter call, the FDA granted Fast Track status for this indication and assuming six months review we would potentially have approval by year-end. Finally, we expect to submit full results from the symptom improvement study in patients with PV, study called RELIEF for presentation at ASH, which should be around the time of our potential PV launch after which we intend to submit an sNDA labeling update for the symptomatic benefit. Ill turn next to development efforts focusing on JAK inhibition in solid tumors. During the last quarterly call we outlined results from RECAP, the Phase II double-blind placebo-controlled study of ruxolitinib plus capecitabine versus capecitabine alone in second line pancreatic cancer. These results showed a hazard ratio for overall survival of 0.47 favoring the ruxolitinib arm in our prospectively defined subgroup of patients harboring evidence of tumor-induced inflammation and therefore potentially more likely to benefit from JAK inhibition. For competitive reasons were not disclosing the details around the subgroup at this time. However, based on these very encouraging results as well as the abundance of data supporting this potentially utility of this subgroup in defining higher risk patient population in many other solid tumor histologies, we believe that JAK inhibition represents a new treatment approach of patients suffering not only from pancreatic cancer, but also possibly many other solid tumors. Its an important therapeutic opportunity for JAK inhibition as this subgroup can represent 30% to 75% of patients depending on the tumor type and line of therapy. Published literature describing the biology of tumor-induced inflammation and our own preclinical data suggest that selected JAK1 inhibition maybe similarly effective relative to our dual JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor ruxolitinib when it comes to this approach to treatment. By virtue of the bone marrow sparing properties of selective JAK1 therapy this provides its own spectrum of opportunities, particularly in patients with whom myelosuppressive chemotherapy is warranted and in whom concurrent ruxolitinib therapy may therefore be less well tolerated. We are beginning this development program with two double-blind placebo-controlled Phase II studies in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. These studies will evaluate 39110 on a background of two different chemotherapeutic regimens and we expect these data as well as emerging data with ruxolitinib to lay the ground work for our future development efforts around JAK1 inhibition in solid tumors. Based on the results of RECAP, the first priority for ruxolitinib is pancreatic cancer. Last August, the FDA granted orphan status for ruxolitinib for the treatment of pancreatic cancer and in November we obtained an agreement on an SPA for a registration trial in second line setting evaluating ruxolitinib versus placebo on a background of capecitabine. Importantly, as part of this SPA, the FDA agreed that enrollments in the Phase III study could be limited to the subgroup identified in RECAP. They also agreed that we did not have to pursue companion diagnostic development efforts in order to identify these patients. While sufficiently robust results from the single SPA-approved trial could potentially support approval in order to minimize regulatory risks were planning a second, nearly identical Phase III trial in this population. Both of these trials will be double-blind and placebo-controlled, and are expected to enroll approximately 300 patients each beginning in the first half of this year. The primary endpoints in each trial is overall survival. Weve also planned three double-blind placebo-controlled Phase II trials of ruxolitinib in non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer and colon cancer, all expected to start in the first half of this year. Each study will focus on the subgroup identified in RECAP and will combine ruxolitinib disparities that exhibit low to moderate myelosuppressive effect. Again, overall survival will be the primary endpoints in each of these studies. Looking at our development pipeline beyond JAK inhibition, I'll turn to our IDO1 inhibitor, INCB24360. We're excited about the potential for this mechanism to provide a meaningful and complimentary therapeutic approach in immuno-oncology, a field which is grounded in the scientific literature and well supported by our preclinical data, as well as by early clinical data in combination with the approved anti-CTLA4 in ipilimumab in melanoma. The results of a dose finding portion of the Phase I/II study have been submitted for presentation at ASCO later this year. Even though that IDO1 inhibitors can provide antitumor fact in clinically relevant preclinical models as monotherapy that it is in combination with checkpoint inhibitors such as anti-CTLA4 and anti-PD-1 or anti-PD-L1 were significant synergies has been achieved. Based on these preclinical data needs its in our goal to evaluate INCB24360 in multiple combination regimens across various solid tumors. Therefore we are pleased to have just announced for our first combination study with this novel and particularly exciting checkpoint inhibitor, Mercks anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, MK-3475. Under the terms of this agreement, Incyte and Merck will collaborate and co-fund the Phase I/II study in patients of previously treated metastatic and non-recurrent non-small cell lung cancer as well as other metastatic cancers. The trial should begin in relevant patients in the first half of this year. The Phase I portion is expected to be an open label dose escalation study to define a recommended regimen of the two combined agents. And the Phase II portion plans to evaluate efficacy and safety of that recommended regimen in a randomized population where all patients receive MK-3475, combining with either 24360 or placebo. Incyte will conduct the study, though the design and analysis of the study will be done in close collaboration with Merck. We will continue to let the emerging science drive our development program for 24360 and we anticipate expanding our IDO1 program further this year. Focusing on indications and combinations where we believe 24360 is able to achieve important benefits for patients. Our broaden hematology and oncology portfolio also gives us opportunities to combine our drugs when preclinical data suggest the combination well have additional clinical benefits. The first such target competition being evaluated is with our JAK1 inhibitor, 39110 and our PI3K-delta inhibitor, 40093 two distinct mechanisms that exhibit synergy in preclinical studies in lymphoma. Last month we initiated a safety and efficacy study of this combination in patients with lymphoid malignancies. Now our Discovery group has new programs that are designed to expand and synergize with our clinical development pipeline and we just prepared to share details around these new oncology programs and their strategic importance to us as they reach clinical development. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Dave will explain why we very well positioned to fund our expanding discovery and development programs.
David C. Hastings: Thanks Rich. Good morning everybody. Ill start today by discussing Q4 results and then review our 2014 guidance. We ended the year with approximately $509 million in cash and investments. The cash balance reflects the completion of our offerings of $750 million of convertible senior notes in the fourth quarter. We use a portion of net proceeds from this offering to repurchase a total of $117 million aggregate principle amount of our outstanding 2015 convertible senior notes for $500 million in cash. This repurchase resulted in a one time charge of $17.9 million recorded in the fourth quarter. Now importantly because of the difference in the conversion price of our 2015 notes compared to the new notes the resulting net proceeds of the Company of $229 million were minimally diluted, about 1 million shares are fully diluted basis per share. Now moving to Jakifi we recorded $72.9 million of fourth quarter and $235.4 million of full year 2000 net product revenues. Additionally we recorded $8.4 million in Jakafi product royalties from Novartis for sales outside the United States in the fourth quarter and $28.3 million for the year. Our growth to net adjustment for product revenue recognized was $6.5 million or about 8.2% for the fourth quarter and $22.1 million for 8.6% for the full year 2013. Our gross and net adjustment includes fees to especially pharmacies, rebates to government payers, our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients, co-pay assistance to eligible privately insured patients and any product returns. We are still using a portion of our pre-launch inventory and therefore our cost of goods sold for both the fourth quarter and full year 2013 was immaterial as this starting inventory was previously expenses R&D prior to FDA approval. In terms of our operating expenses both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations. Now moving to 2014 guidance, as Herv mentioned our Jakafi net revenue is expected to be in the range of $315 million to $335 million. In terms of our growth to net adjustment we expected the range from 9% to 10% in 2014. Now because of our portion of the Medicare donut hole the first quarter growth and adjustment is historically higher than the rest of the year. In terms of 2014 contract revenues we expect $13 million in revenue from the amortization of the upfront payment received under the Lilly collaborative agreement. For milestones, we expect to receive $60 million under the Novartis collaboration once they receive price and approval for Jakafi in the third major European country. We expect the total cost of good sold as a percentage of net Jakafi sales in 2014 would be about 2%. Our product gross margins in 2014 will still benefit from the use of previously expense inventory. Now steady state when we are using inventory that has not been previously expense, we expect cost of goods to be in the range of 4% to 6%, which includes our tiered low single-digit royalty payments in Novartis, our net sales of Jakafi in the U.S. Well begin to pay those once Novartis receives pricing approval for Jakafi in a third major European country. Now, Ill turn to 2014 R&D expense. We expected a range from $350 million to $370 million. This includes non-cash stock compensation expense of approximately $30 million to $35 million. Our increase in R&D expense from 2013 is primarily due to increased development activities related to the expansion of our pipeline, including the advancement of the ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer and other solid tumors. The advancement of our JAK1 inhibitor in solid tumors, and the development of our IDO1 inhibitor in multiple oncologic indications in combination with checkpoint inhibitors. In terms of SG&A expense, we expect it to range from $145 million to $155 million, this includes non-cash stock compensation expense of $28 million to $30 million. The increase is primarily due to increased sales and marketing investment in support of Jakafi in MF and our pre-launch activities for PV. We expect our interest expense this year to be $48 million, including a non-cash charge of $37 million, primarily related to the amortization of a discount on our convertible senior notes. So, we entered 2014 in a strong financial position to fund our expanding pipeline, $509 million in cash as well as multiple and increasing sources of the cash flow that include net product sales, milestones and royalties. So, with that Ill turn the call back over to Herv.
Herv Hoppenot:  Thank you, Dave. So, just  you can see the growing number of products into the pipelines, the growing number of indications that we are pursuing and the strength of the team in managing the growth of the organization. And what I see is that, we have an opportunity here, obviously to improve and stabilize the people who are relying on us to develop new products for them, and also to create and build what could be in the future a very successful high quality, high growth biopharmaceutical company. So I think that concludes our formal remarks, and operator please open the call for Q&A.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC:  Hi, congratulations on a great quarter. Welcome, Herv.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: A couple of questions, for the SPA, can you maybe talk a little bit or actually for the trial I mean, can you maybe talk a little bit about timing of when we might gain some more visibility on the subset that youre going to be focusing on, and then in terms of  just a follow-up on that, when you talk about the competitive position, and not wanting to sort of tip-off competitors, can you maybe talk about, are you  speaking about just JAK inhibitors or other mechanisms as well, thank you.
Richard S. Levy:  This is Rich. Hi, just in terms of the timing, I think the key for us now is really having the best forum to be able to present the whole story, to be able to not just speak to the data but to be actually able to show slides with data and really put that whole story together. And we really think that that best opportunity will be an analyst investor meeting, probably done in Chicago around the time of ASCO probably, the night or some day around the time when we actually present the data. And what we are speaking about is what is the subset of patients that are going to be included or versus those not included in our trials for both JAK1 and ruxolitinib in the solid tumors. Weve said that this is related to tumor induced inflammation and well put that whole story together in a full way. I think most of the ideas are already out there, it really comes down to describing what is the specific parameter that were using. And also with respect to the SPAs, we said the SPAs that we can focus on that group in the Phase III trial, as well as confirmed what weve been saying from the beginning that we have no expectation or the need to develop a companion diagnostic, and thats been confirmed in writing in the SPA.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC:  Okay, great. Thanks, thats helpful. And then for IDO, strategically are you thinking of this  your strategy to leave this open that youd have the IDO inhibitor that could be partnered with multiple compounds or are you thinking more about picking a particular immunotherapy to partner with?
Richard S. Levy: Our IDO should be a preferred partner for a whole range of immunotherapies including PD1s and PDL1s and potentially other targets, emerging target as well. But at the same time, if one  one collaborative module ends up being a much better combination, well let the data drive the decisions after that.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: And then just a technical question, for PV should we be expecting a milestone this year? And maybe what would trigger that?
Richard S. Levy: Well, so the guidance weve given for milestones, weve said  just reflect the approval of pricing for Jakafi in Europe.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Roden  UBS Securities LLC: 
 :
Richard S. Levy: Sure, so what were going to be reporting at ASCO is basically the Phase I component of this Phase I2 trial. And so everyone is receiving 24360 and ipilimumab. So the comparison is to [start up our] [ph] controls. And so when you look at ipilimumab and monotherapy, you know that response rates have traditionally been in the 10% to 15% range. We know that progression free survival with monotherapy, and that indication was in the order of three months or 100 days, something around those lines. And survival is  for reasons Ill get into in a second something thats much harder to compare. So we do look  I think the focus will be on response rates and progression free survival. The issue with survival is that you really cant compare one year to the next. In the case of patients who are coming on to this therapy who have not previously received their PD-1or PD-L1 inhibitor if they progress they will often go on to PD-1 inhibitor and have a prolong survival as a result of that compared to what was available to patients when the initial ipilimumab studies were done. So we really we can report what the survival is but in terms of a fair comparison its really limited to response rates and progression free survival
Matt Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thats helpful, and in terms of 110 and Jakafi in these solid tumors, can you just maybe speak to how these two can co-exist? Is it simply a matter of being able to dose patients where there are myelosuppressive chemotherapy backbones, or is there something more there that maybe from the wider therapeutic window with 110 do you think that there might be a way to get greater JAK inhibition therefore maybe a differentiated efficacy advantage there with 110, is that on the table at all?
Richard S. Levy: So I mean thats always a theoretical possibility, but the doses of ruxolitinib that were used in the RECAP study were in the order of 15 milligram twice a day where we saw in the subgroup a hazard ratio of less than 0.5. So I dont really know that there is room for improvement over what you can do with that sort of dose range of ruxolitinib. What we get concerned about is when you get into highly myelosuppressive chemotherapy that you wouldnt even be able to provide those levels of ruxolitinib and therefore the comparable levels of JAK inhibition. So, its conceivable that you could go higher with a JAK1 inhibitor in terms of level of JAK1 inhibition than you did with rux in the RECAP study. But thats not really the rationale for what were doing. Right now we have clinical proof-of-concept with ruxolitinib, we have a lot of models and preclinical data to suggest the JAK1 inhibitors will do the same, but until we actually demonstrate clinical proof-of-concept with the JAK1s we are not giving up on studying ruxolitinib particularly in those indications where we believe the drug should be able to be dosed at comparable levels to where it was in RECAP.
Matt Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Thats great. Thanks very much, Rich for the clarity and congrats on all the progress.
Richard S. Levy: Thanks
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on all the pipeline advancements. First of all, you guys announced your collaboration with Merck PD-1, MK-3475 last year, I am just wondering if you could provide any color on what you have supplied to Merck in terms of pre-clinical data and does that also include some data you preened from the IDO plus ipilimumab trial. And then secondly when are you going to plan to start Phase II portion of the Yervoy plus your [Ipi] [ph] trials here. And lastly just housekeeping question, when should we expect that AACR this year on IDO inhibitor? Thank you. 
Jim Daly: Let me start, so Merk as well as some of the other companies that we are speaking, you mush have seen both our pre-clinical data and our merging clinical data that is not to say that we can define the basis up on which Merk and potentially other companies have decided to move forward with us. So in terms of the Phase II portion of the combination with Yervoy, I think we are getting probably to the point where we begin to study one more cohort and then probably well be ready or in a position to start the combination regimen following that. Because of the onset of some of the ipilimumab side effects, usually take two to three months to come to fruition. We study patients for a good eight to nine weeks before we actually evaluate the safety and cohort. The cohorts are currently enrolling now its not fully enrolled, so I would say it will be a minimum of another three months probably four before we might be in a position to start a randomized portion. And with respect to AACR, let me turn that over to Reid. What do we think AACR on IDO1 inhibition?
Reid M. Huber:  Yes, I dont think we are going to have we previously presented some data prior, meaning well have an update on our companion diagnostic efforts that are being conducted with Ventana to put ourselves in a position to have a means to potentially select the patients, its not clear if we are going to need that in the clinic or its going to enable the clinical development in anyway. But we want to make sure that we are in a position to leverage that. They will also be I think pending here soon a publication from Tom Gajewski from the University of Chicago that will describe a lot of his effort that have been done in collaboration with us exploring the combinatorial activity of IDO inhibition with checkpoint antagonism that includes with multiple checkpoint inhibitors, that well look for those data as well in the coming year.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov for JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Cory Kasimov  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey good morning guys, thanks for taking the questions. I have two more for you on the IDO inhibitor. So if the initial novel combo data werent advancement, does your agreement with Merck dictate how you will proceed with later stage trials and then I have one other one.
Herv Hoppenot: The agreement is largely around the single trial and does not go into detail about further development depending upon any particular results. Jim is actually were involved, if he has anything to add to that.
Jim Daly:  I agree with that.
Herv Hoppenot: At this point we really dont want to get into the agreement in much detail.
Cory Kasimov  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I understand, well, and then much like Merck, it sounds like your interest in casting a pretty wide net from a collaborative standpoint, so when thinking about different combinations with your IDO inhibitor, how much preclinical evidence do you need that youre getting an appropriate balance in immune response before pushing ahead into placebo studies.
Richard S. Levy: I mean I would say that there are times when those data can be important just advancing our own understanding and creating the confidence that we need to move forward, and I think a good example of that is the work that we have done with Dr. Gajewski in collaboration to study IDO1 inhibition with checkpoint inhibitors. I think the more that we understand the basic biology of IDO preclinically even in the setting like that we can gain incremental comfort in exploring IDO1 inhibition with other technologies that maybe distinct from checkpoint inhibition, and that necessarily require preclinical gating studies for those. So I would say that part of this depends on the strength of the preclinical data and its internal consistency as well as our emerging clinical data and the changes in all therapeutic landscape. So, for example, speaking about technologies like vaccine approaches or immune stimulatory agents or even chemo our targeted therapies our confidence in all of those modalities I think is increasing as the immune oncology space is itself developing and we certainly want to be opportunistic and thoughtful as to how we enter into those spaces.
Cory Kasimov  JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the progress and welcome to Herv. Can you talk about the rationale for conducting two studies in Jakafi and pancreatic cancer, two Phase III given that you have an SPA? Maybe talk about the differences between the studies that beyond just, I guess timing and geography, can those be pooled to augment powering?
Richard S. Levy:  So when you look at an SPA, an SPA is based on one trial. An SPA is specific to our particular trial, but an SPA is looked at within the context of the Phase III development plan. And so, the SPA basically says the design of the first study which we call in Janus 1 is acceptable, which basically means that if the efficacy results are there and there are no safety or benefit risk surprises that could be the basis of approval. The traditional guidelines are that it requires two studies to get approval for new indication or for a new drug. But if one study, particularly on survival, is robust can be sufficient and that's clearly been acknowledged by FDA, but they did reiterate to us that that study would really need to be robust, and we believe it has an excellent chance of being robust based on the recap data. But it wasnt a difficult thing for us to do, a second trial, and just diminish our regulatory risk because why would we take more risk than we need to.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: In terms of differences?
Richard S. Levy: Yes, so just second and perhaps there, I didn't forget the second part of your question. So both studies are going to have an overall endpoint of survival. They're going to enroll the same patient operation. The second trial called Janus 2. The main difference is that it will have a few less patients in it. They are both around 300, but it is a little bit less and second that we are adding more patient report outcome measures to that study. Now those are not going to be an alpha controlled endpoint. So we do not expect to get labeling for symptomatic benefit based on that study, but we are developing and generating a tool that could potentially be used in a subsequent study to demonstrate symptomatic benefit in that study. That measure was not ready for prime time, at the time we submitted the SPA for Janus 1, but it's been finalized to incorporate those tools. That's essentially an exploratory endpoint to that study. It's a minor difference.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Then one just quick follow-up. I know in talking about exploring Jakafi in other solid tumors beyond, pancreatic, I think youve mentioned the idea of possibly exploring beyond the subgroup tested in RECAP. Is that something that you're still considering, are you going to be primarily focused on the subgroup only?
Jim Daly:  So, one of the programs that we're doing and I'll tell you that it's colon cancer with ruxolitinib is a very less line of therapy where there are really very limited options. And that study is being designed so that if the results are quite robust that study in large space to compared to the others might potentially be a basis of a group without having to go back and do a Phase III, and so therefore since  we have pretty clear data in pancreatic cancer that this basis of restricting enrollment, its true in pancreatic cancer, we dont have that data yet in colon cancer. We expect to find it. So were actually doing in that Phase II study is we are enrolling two groups one; to meet the criteria and the group that dont, but the primary endpoint of the study is still based on the patients that do meet that group. So, in that sense that study is also based on that influence, so we are enrolling the other patient population there. With our studies in non-small cell and breast cancer, we dont expect that those Phase II studies have the potential to be the basis of registration. So there we are focusing exclusively and only enrolling patients to meet that criterion. Once we demonstrate  assuming that we do demonstrate this is colon cancer and the second solid tumor that this a credited market for us, with therapeutic success I dont think we will ever need to do that again in any solid tumor.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thats very helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity, Inc.:  Thanks for taking my question. Just wondering if you could just give us some color on why chose non-small cell lung cancer for the IDO PD-1 combo trial and what tumors might be up next. And then as well as the JAK1, are you not doing the pancreatic trial anymore, I just curious on that as well.
Richard S. Levy: Okay, so non-small cell is a focus of the Merck study. We are going to enroll some patients with other things but the current intend is that the Phase II portion would be focused on non-small cell that potentially could still change. I think that in general without getting specific discussions between companies this evidence that in non-small cell lung cancer PD-1 inhibition is active, but not as active as it is for example, in melanoma. And so therefore the concept was we want to focus in areas where we already know that PD-1 has some activity, but its suboptimal we want to try to add to it. And it is our hope both with Merck and potentially with some of the other collaborations that we are not really prepared to speak to that wed look at other tumor types as well. But we really cant get into that until we move forward. With respect to not doing a JAK1 inhibitor in pancreatic cancer, were still potentially looking at JAK1 in first-line pancreatic cancer where the combination is Abraxane and capecitabine which is a more highly myelosuppressive chemotherapy where there is a better chance of activity would be done with JAK1 and ruxolitinib but were just still going through dose finding there not prepared to announce anything yet. For us, we didnt think in the end it was a good idea for us to do JAK1 inhibition in second-line pancreatic cancer in combination with something like capecitabine again, since we already have that covered, and doing the study there would not directly lead to a new indication, so weve been focusing in non-small cell which will be a larger opportunity should those results be positive.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks guys.
Herv Hoppenot: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray, Inc.:  Hey, thanks for taking the questions. Which for the IDO1 inhibitor melanoma study with ipilimumab, can you summarize how many patients have been enrolled so far across the various doses explored. And coming back to Matts first question, the speculation amongst investors regarding the response rate for that combination has reached very high-level for now. Are you comfortable with those investor expectations? Thanks.
Jim Daly:  So I don't know whats the investor expectations are. Can you tell me what they are?
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray, Inc.:  We hear now it's 30%, 40% there or higher.
Jim Daly:  Yes. So I mean, I'm not going to say what the numbers are. All I would say is its based on a relatively small ends. So there's a lot of uncertainty as for the precision of whatever that number is. So, it was 30% to 40% based on, let's say, 10%, that's given 30% or 40% based on 100%. So, I think the thing that I would ask people to remember is that the numbers are not big, but they are enough for us to believe that this is clearly different in terms of at least response rates and we havent really spoken about the time to progression  the progression free survival compared to Ipi alone. I don't remember the exact number of patients that are included here. I do believe in the abstract I do believe that there will probably be more data in the actual ASCO presentation than are actually in the abstract, but I would say that in the abstract its something less than 20, I believe.
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Got it. And should we focus on response rate as well as depth of response or is it really response rate overall thats gotten you excited?
Jim Daly: So, I really don't want to try to get into details around depth of response. We know that's been a big topic of presentation particularly with the PD-1 combination, that data is impressive, but what, our comparison here is really its the ipilimumab monotherapy. We are not trying to make any statements about comparison to the combination of Ipi  PD-1s.
Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Navdeep Singh with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe a question for Herv. I understand that youve only been in Incyte for a pretty short time, but can you discuss any opportunities you see to improve the business? Are you expecting to make any immediate changes? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Herv Hoppenot:  Immediate changes, no. No, I must say, I mean  Ive been here for a month now and the first comment, first view about this organization is about depths and strengths because these are companies that have an ease discovering new products with very good for productivity. So that's what is basis of success and value creation in oncology and that's what Incyte is doing everyday, and its a teams that has a track record of getting things done in very effective way and I think the approval of Jakavi, the entire process of developing a first-in-class, getting it approved by FDA and commercializing it successfully now, with some saying that he is giving the organization a lot of confidence that it can be done again and again. The second piece is the number of short-term goals that we have. We have a very large portfolio of products in the clinic today and we are planning to continue to discover new products for the next two months and that gives us a very good chance to develop a company that will be one of the leading biotech in the future and that's what I'm really excited about.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thanks. And then, a question for Rich. Rich, can you please discuss how your IDO1 inhibitor is essentially differentiated from new links IDO1 inhibitor?
Reid M. Huber: We dont really know all that much about the new link IDO1 inhibitors except that on a milligram per milligram basis its considerably less potent, and that doesnt necessarily translate into a difference in safety or efficacy, but it has the potential that with more milligrams you may run into some sort of safety things before you can get to the potency. But that truly remains to be seen. I think the main difference is how far ahead we are in development at this point in time. They are not ready to do this sort of collaborations that were doing until they generate more data and so its probably pretty good molecule, but we are ahead and we are not really in a position to comment on it beyond that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks just had a couple of questions. There's been decades of research pointing to the role of CRP or the prognostic value of CRP in solid tumor. I was hoping to maybe get your thoughts on that front. And more specifically, is CRP the sort of the end target based on the results in the literature; or is it more of a generalized immune effect? And maybe just to follow up that thought, or finish that thought, maybe you could speak to the role of JAK-STAT and its potential ability to maybe regulate CRP or just more broadly the inflammatory cascade in cancer.
Jim Daly: So let me start and them Im a going to turn it over to Reid, so we created CRP is a marker of certain elements of tumor induced inflammation, and thats the topic that we are talking about, in terms of what we said tumor induced inflammation. But we are not saying at this point in time as what is the subgroup Im going to do that. With respect to whether CRP is actually playing a direct role in the cancer or is a marker of systemic inflammation, we know there is literature, and fairly limited compared to the prognostic literature on CRP, suggesting that might have a direct role in terms of leading to optimization, complement activation and things like that. But we dont think that you need to hypothesize that CRP is having a direct effect to explain that they are probably our other cytokines and inflammatory mediators that are important in terms of both the effect on the tumor, growth survival, proliferation as well is on the patient as a whole weak out than it is a single mechanism. And with respect to JAK-STAT activation I think there is some data  there is more data on some tumor types around JAK-STAT activation than on others, but no we are not saying that that is the marker either and Reid you want to
Reid M. Huber: Yes, I would just add to that but as we think about tumor induced inflammation, its really drives to fundamental processes, so one is a local inflammation and the tumor in its micro environment and that has been demonstrated across our numerous studies to facilitate tumor growth, it can drive resistance to apoptosis and even can define human resistance in some settings, but thats related but I think distinct from systemic inflammation which is even proposed underlying many of the hallmark features of cancer including the hypercatabolic state and poor performance status things like that, each of these factors have been shown to how a negative impact on survival. And that probably each related over a time with a progressing malignancy, where local inflammation can reshape and have a dysregulated host response. And so I think how you characterize these is an interesting concept. CRP is a way to characterize inflammation, but there are numerous other ways that you can characterize inflammation too. I think you can look at the published literature and just see how many cytokines, the majority of which interestingly send the signal through JAK1 can reshape both the local and the systemic inflammatory response.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.:  As you get ready for the ASCO Conference and the revelations during analyst meetings, should we assume that given the lack of a companion diagnostic that it is a fairly simple test for a physician to administer? And that is something that you will be able to readily apply in the marketplace? 
Jim Daly: Are you asking about CRP is a fairly simple test, Im not sure I understand your question.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Well, whatever this marker is that you are using, whether it is CRP or let's say a cytokine, a specific cytokine, can you give us a sense of how easy it is to characterize it for the average oncologist? Since you mentioned that there's no need for a companion diagnostic.
Jim Daly: Yes, I mean I would say that the tests are readily available through any lab and well established.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Maybe a last question on the IDO program. Maybe a very simple way of thinking about this, but as you look at the data with the PD-1 CTLA-4 combination, we saw fairly high response rates: over 40% if not close to 50%. And I was just curious how should we think about the data set for a IDO plus CTLA-4 combo given the targets or similarities in terms of where the hits on the immune calculated. Maybe the question really is, is IDO more similar to CTLA-4? Or is it more similar to PD-1, PD-L1? And how should we think about potential synergies when you look at different combinations?
Reid M. Huber: So Ian, this is Reid. I think its very difficult to theorize that based on pre-clinical data. Certainly the mechanism of CTLA-4 as you well know is quite different than PD-1, PD-L1, and I think that is evidenced not only by differential response rate, but also by differential immuno rate of adverse events, where CTLA-4 tend to have a much more deleterious if you will, inflamm related side effects profile. To the extent we can tell you these things pre-clinically our data both with pharmacologic inhibition and genetic knock-out of IDO1, all support the potential for synergy with these mechanisms irrespective of what the intervention is. And well ultimately have to rely on the clinical data to point us in the right direction. And I think its an important aspect of the program to study IDO1 with PD-1s and PD-L1s given they are merging benefit risk profile in a lot of different histologies. And I think that is why we prioritize that and why we are particularly excited about the Merck collaboration that we just announced.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on a great quarter.
Herv Hoppenot: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Rich, if my friend Josh Schimmer is wrong, and the expectation out there is for 20% to 30% response rates, are you more comfortable with that? I'm just kidding. Question on the Merck collaboration, I know you don't want to get into too much detail, but I think it is important for us to understand just going to how exclusive this is. In other words, if Merck were to go and develop its own IDO inhibitor internally or find another one out there in the marketplace, would there be anything that prevents them from taking this initial data set and swapping out your IDO inhibitor and moving forward with a combination?
Richard S. Levy: So Im not going to get into details around the contract, but no one is tied. Just as were not tied from only working with Merck, they are not tied from working with other molecules. It could potentially include. But in terms of the data from the study there are confidentiality agreements around the data from the study and the use there. But I cannot go into any further detail than that.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Then, Rich, going back to the question about the Phase III studies on ruxo in pancreatic cancer, Brians question. I guess youre doing this a little bit differently, doing two smaller Phase IIIs versus what some of your competitors in the pancreatic cancer space have done, one larger Phase III. Could you speak specifically to whether theres a rationale or bias on your part for going in that direction?
Richard S. Levy: Well, so we have over 90% power assuming a more conservative hazard ratio than we thought in the Phase III study in the subgroup that were going to continue to study. For us to do a 900 or whatever the size of the ABRAXANE study was, I mean that would be powered to demonstrate a trivial change in survival or the hazard ratio and thats not what we expect. So we believe that Janus1, the study that is under the SPA is sufficiently powered to give not only a p-value of 0.05, but the lower types of p-values that are needed to potentially support approval based on one study. And in the second study is about the same size in the off chance or a possibility that the results are not as robust as we expect based on phase II, then having two studies demonstrating more modest benefits could be sufficient.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Brienne Kugler  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Hi, this is Brienne Kugler calling in for Dave. Thanks for taking my question. Just a few questions around timing. Could you provide a little more detail around the enrollment timelines for the pancreatic Phase IIIs? And also, when will we start to see the next solid tumor data points for Jakafi and the JAK1?
Herv Hoppenot: Okay. Im not going to get specific yet, because we really like to see who all the final sites are, how long they take to come up and then how fast they actually enroll compared to the expectations that we have. So with respect to the times of final data in the Janus1 and Janus2 studies, I mean at this point I dont want to be anymore predictive than some time in 2016, which its a pretty wide spectrum from early 2016 to very late 2016 and of course thats just my current estimate. So, and those are fully blinded studies. So it should be no expectation that there would be interim data before that timeframe. In terms of the Phase II studies although one of those Phase II studies has a run in to establish the dose of either ruxolitinib or 39110 in combination with the combinations were seeing and we dont know whether it will have to do one dose level to three dose levels and that makes it hard to predict when we would actually start the randomized portions of the studies. There is one study where we feel that the dose has already been established. We're moving directly into the randomized portion and that would most likely be the first study to start to read out. Now of course they are as we go into other tumors besides pancreatic cancer we're talking about survival as long as in pancreatic cancer. And so you might enroll the studies quickly, but until youve had a requisite number of deaths, the results wouldnt really readout. So on the Phase IIs, Im really going to reserve any comments on timing of the data other than one of them unless the survival is actually quite long in both arms, should be ahead of the others.
Brienne Kugler  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies LLC: Thanks for sneaking me in. I wanted to ask a couple on IDO and Ipi. Just a reminder of the design of the trial, how many patients are being enrolled per dose cohort? Is it the standard three? Also, if you remember or just a reminder of how Ipi alone stacks up on something like duration of response. And then for the JAK1 program, just the rationale for the initial tumor selection here?
Jim Daly:  Okay. Let me just make notes here. So with respect to the ongoing portion of the Ipi study, were more than three patients per cohort, because we know that with Ipi alone you are going to get potentially dose limiting toxicities just from that therapy alone. So if you just did three patients and found one DLT you might get a false sense. So we are doing, I think it's six plus six. So you do six originally and if you have more than a certain number of DLTs you expand to 12. And I'm not going to get into exactly how many patients and how many times you had to increase doses, but thats just a general design. In terms of Ipi duration of response, my recollection in melanoma, because it's in the order of about 100 days and that is something that we will compare within the ASCO abstract and at the presentation. In terms of the JAK1 tumor selection, I mean we use several factors here in terms of tumor selection, both the ruxolitinib and the JAK1 inhibitor. Non-small cell lung cancer is a place where the same subgroup clearly differentiates prognosis and we believe that as a result it will lead to differences in the effective our drug, just as it has in pancreatic cancer. It's obviously a large unmet medical need, and there are combinations there that make sense to us. They were plenty of other options. We just have to make some choices here as to how many different studies are we going to do at once and we think were taking moderately aggressive approach towards looking at a number of Phase II plans here both with rux and JAK1 in various tumor types.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company, Inc.:  Is that a signal there that lung cancer might be like the next most likely tumor in which this particular selection criteria would be protected?
Jim Daly:  No. We believe that other than pancreatic cancer where we have actually a clinical result. The potential here goes across a wide variety of tumor types. So its in the group of many things that we think to have that sort of benefit. And then in terms of choosing between them the size of the potential market, the unmet need, all those things came into, plays in terms of picking the first place that we would look.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line Bret Holley with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question. Bret Holley, your line is live.
Bret Holley  Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Sorry, can you hear me?
Herv Hoppenot: Yes. Yes, we can, Bret.
Bret Holley  Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Sorry about that. I've got a question for Jim. There's been a lot of questions in the pipeline. Jim, you mentioned that 60% of your target prescribers are currently prescribing and I'm wondering how you can drive that up. I guess the current prescribers for Jakafi are both potential myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera prescribers, and obviously that's important to have the polycythemia vera data.
Jim Daly: Yes, Bret, with respect to MF, I think were going to keep advancing the ball day-by-day. The next probably major catalyst for us would be getting some overall survival data reflected in the package insert. There is a cohort of physicians, quite frankly, who are reluctant to use a product unless they see an overall survival benefit and I think if were able to get certain OS data reflected in the label that should help us expand breadth of prescribing. With respect to PV, our targeted audience for PV is about 10,000 physicians and I think that is going to dramatically increase our overall prescribing base for Jakafi.
Bret Holley  Guggenheim: Okay, thank you.
Herv Hoppenot: Okay.
Pamela M. Murphy: Thank you very much for joining us this morning and now well conclude the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today. This concludes your teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela M. Murphy  VP, IR and Corporate Communications Paul A. Friedman  President & CEO Jim Daly  EVP & CCO David C. Hastings  EVP & CFO Richard S. Levy  EVP & Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer
Analysts: Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co. Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Matthew Roden  UBS Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs Ying Huang  Barclays Matt Lowe  JP Morgan Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company David Friedman  Morgan Stanley Skip Klein  Gauss Capital Advisors
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you Ms. Murphy, you may now begin.
Pamela M. Murphy: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Incytes third quarter 2013 conference call. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Daly, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. Paul will begin with a brief overview of the quarter, Jim will follow with an update on the ongoing commercialization of Jakafi, Rich will then highlight progress made in our lead clinical programs and Dave will describe our third quarter financial results. Paul will then open the call up for Q&A. Before beginning, we would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development program for Jakafi and other indications and for other compounds in our pipeline and our expectations for net product revenue. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul A. Friedman: Good morning, everyone. Incytes third quarter was a highly productive one. As expected with Jakafi were continuing to establish a strong commercial foundation in myelofibrosis. In the third quarter Jakafi experienced solid, consistent growth with steady new patient adds and new prescribers and were starting to see physicians become more appreciative of the need to treat patients earlier in the course of the disease. We also continue to see a modest, yet meaningful increase in persistency rates and we believe physicians are hearing and understanding the message that dosing should be individualized for each patient and theyre changing their behavior accordingly. Were confident that we will reach the high end of our 2013 guidance for net product revenues which we increased last quarter to a range of $220 million to $230 million. In his remarks Jim will provide more color around Jakafi and myelofibrosis as well as the anticipated launch of Jakafi and Polycythemia Vera. With a potential approval in PV on track for late 2014 we see a significant opportunity and continue to grow revenues and to position Jakafi as best in class among emerging MPN treatments. Jakafi shows potential beyond MPNs, recent data from the Phase II RECAP trial in second line pancreatic cancer suggest a significant growth opportunity for Jakafi and pancreatic cancer among a well defined patient subgroup and provide a strong rationale for use in other solid tumors. The growing potential of Jakafi is just one part of our story however. Our core competency in medicinal chemistry tightly integrated with biology has been a primary driver of productivity in drug discovery and we now have a growing robust pipeline that extends far behind one product. In his remarks Rich will discuss several of these clinical programs, but there are few Ill highlight briefly now. The strong alliance with Lilly provides optimal potential value for our second JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor baricitinib. Lilly is evaluating baricitinib and rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and diabetic nephropathy and we believe the compound has the potential to be best in class. Weve a broad portfolio of JAK1 inhibitors that gives us the option to pursue oncology and chronic inflammatory conditions with distinct compounds, an approach that has worked well for us with the JAK1 and JAK2 program. With our lead JAK1 inhibitor INCB39110 we recently presented very positive data from our proof of concept trials in psoriasis and in rheumatoid arthritis. You will see additional proof of concept data in myelofibrosis at ASH; were also evaluating the compound in other malignancies in combination with established chemotherapeutic agents in particular those that are more highly myelosuppressive. The second JAK1 inhibitor has entered clinical trials and the data from these studies and other trails that were planning will help us determine which compounds to pursue and in which indications. Beyond our JAK programs we have other compounds in the clinic including our Indoleamine Dioxygenase or IDO inhibitor INCB24360 which is a novel oral compound being evaluated for its potential to enhance immune responses to tumors. Were evaluating 24360 both as monotherapy and in combination with four multiple oncologic indications. Weve also advanced our first PI3K delta inhibitor INCB40093 in the clinical development. With the PI3K delta inhibitor and our portfolio of JAK inhibitors we believe were particularly well positioned to leverage both classes of molecules in areas of high unmet medical need to potentially improve treatment outcomes for patients. With that Ill turn the session over to Jim.
Jim Daly: Thank you, Paul and good morning everyone. Our third quarter results reflect continued solid progress in executing our strategy to grow Jakafi in patients with intermediate or high risk MF. In terms of quarter-over-quarter growth net sales grew 11% with the following components of growth. Underlying demand as measured by bottles dispensed to patients grew by 8%. Net price accounted for 3% of growth, inventory levels remained relatively constant and third quarter inventory remains within the normal range of three to three and a half weeks. Our third quarter performance is consistent with our expectations for steady growth in underlying demand. Based upon the trends we are seeing in new patient starts and persistency, we expect to see continued solid growth in the fourth quarter and as Paul indicated to achieve the high end of our current net product revenue guidance of $220 million to $230 million. New patient starts remain consistent with previous quarters and the number of prescribers continues to increase. Through the third quarter more than half of our target prescribers have prescribed Jakafi at least once. We believe these dynamics are driven by a growing recognition of the disease modifying effects of Jakafi in MF as evidenced by survival data and fibrosis data. Physicians are becoming increasingly aware of the medical imperative to treat patients earlier in the disease. With respect to persistency, the expanded dosing guidance in the label for patients with low platelet counts approved by the FDA in June has been well received by physicians and we continue to see 5 milligrams and 10 milligrams strengths representing a growing percentage, nearly 50% of dispensed bottles. While we originally expected to expand our oncology sales force for the PV launch, weve accelerated our plans to capitalize on what we see as sustainable longer term growth remaining in MF. Were currently recruiting for 20 new positions which will bring our total number of sales representatives to 80. Were encouraged by the tremendous volume of qualified applicants were receiving for these openings and expect to have most of these positions filled and trained by January 1. Novartis is also experiencing solid growth for Jakavi in Europe and rest of world. They reported third quarter sales of $48 million as compared to the $33 million sold in the second quarter. Novartis also reported reimbursement approval in a second major European country Germany in the third quarter and we continue to expect a third approval which triggers a $60 million milestone payment in the first half of 2014. And while the MF market continues to grow at a healthy rate, weve an exciting opportunity to build on that growth with a potential new indication in PV next year. We believe the addressable PV population is substantially larger than the addressable MF population. When Hematologists, Oncologists are surveyed about their PV patients, they typically think about the 70% to 80% of their patients who are generally well controlled with phlebotomy or HU treatment and report relatively high satisfaction with current treatments. However, when reviewing patient charts these same physicians readily recognize the 20% to 30% of patients in their practice who suffer with uncontrolled PV while on best available therapies. Uncontrolled PV includes elevated hematocrit and debilitating symptoms. These patients represent the unmet need and a major commercial opportunity for Jakafi. Weve always said, MPNs are just the beginning. As Rich will describe, weve a number of potential opportunities in solid tumors that could significantly increase the number of patients who benefit from Jakafi. Weve a stable of JAK1 selected compounds with potential applications in oncology and inflammation. And finally, weve a broader pipeline of innovative molecules in the clinic that together represent an outstanding opportunity for Incyte to make a meaningful difference for patients. Ill turn it over to Rich.
Richard S. Levy: Thanks, Jim. As Paul said earlier, weve made considerable progress with our compounds in development [technical difficulty] The emerging results show great potential for our portfolio in oncology and inflammation. First, with respect to our development in myeloproliferative neoplasms we submitted a number of abstracts for ASH which we expect to reinforce Jakafis position as what we believe is the best in class treatment for patients with intermediate or high risk myelofibrosis. Earlier this month we submitted an sNDA for inclusion of survival data into Jakafis labeling for myelofibrosis. Based on prior discussions with FDA, I continue to believe the agency is amenable to some display of these data. For our Phase III registration study for Polycythemia Vera, it's being conducted under an SPA. We expect to release top line data in the middle of the first half of 2014 and to submit the sNDA in June. Assuming a six month review we would have potential approval before the end of 2014. The companion study in PV and piled RELIEF is a double-blind study focused on symptomatic improvements. While the study is nearly full year accreted, the results of this 16 week study wont be included in the original submission for the PV indication, but we expect to submit an sNDA for inclusion of the symptom data into the package insert shortly after the anticipated original approval for PV. Our goal is to present data from both RESPONSE and RELIEF at a scientific session in the second half of 2014. Moving to our other oncology indications for JAK inhibitors, in August we released top line results from our Phase II study of ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine and second line pancreatic cancer. It was the hazard ratio for overall survival of 0.47 in a prospectively defined sub set of patients pre-selected as most likely to benefit from JAK pathway inhibition. Based on our confidence in these data, we are moving forward aggressively in pancreatic cancer and other solid tumors. We submitted a Phase III registration study for pancreatic cancer to FDA for review and anticipate that we will begin randomizing in dosing patients in the first half of 2014. We are also planning to initiate three additional randomized Phase II trials to evaluate ruxolitinib in non-small-cell lung cancer, colon cancer and breast cancer starting in the first half of next year. Each study will focus on the selected sub group identified from the study in pancreatic cancer and will combine ruxolitinib with therapies with low to moderate myelosuppressive effects. While powered as pilot studies each will have overall survival as a primary end point. As Paul mentioned we are also evaluating our JAK1 inhibitors in oncology focusing initially in combination that may not be as well tolerated with ruxolitinib as a result of the myelosuppressive potential of JAK2 inhibition. We have an ongoing study in advanced cancer patients evaluating our lead JAK1 inhibitor 39110 in combination with the highly myelosuppressive regimens of gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel. Additionally, we plan to initiate two randomized Phase II studies with 39110 in solid tumors, also starting in the first half of 2014. The first of these is expected to be similar to the Phase II pancreatic study with ruxolitinib to confirm our hypothesis that similar survival benefits can be seen with a selective JAK1 inhibitor. The second study is expected to include patients with non- small-cell lung cancer in combination with a more myelosuppressive regimen. Results of these three studies will help guide our future plans for use to JAK1 inhibitors in solid tumors. We believe our JAK1 inhibitors also have a role, an additional hematological tumors in combination with established and investigational therapies. For example, we advanced our after first PI3K delta inhibitor insight 40093 into a Phase I monotherapy dose escalation study. Upon completion of this study we plan to initiate a safety and efficacy study of 40093 in combination with a selective JAK1 inhibitor and this is expected to start around the end of this year and will focus on patients with B cell lymphoma. These two distinct mechanisms exhibit synergy and preclinical study. In this early development program exemplifies are interested in exploring novel crossed portfolio combinations in areas of unmet medical need. I will now turn to the progress made with our JAK1 inhibitors for inflammatory indications. During the last four weeks, we presented results for our first proprietary JAK1 selective inhibitor, 39110 in psoriasis at EADV and in rheumatoid arthritis at ACR. For psoriasis after four weeks of treatment with the top dose of 600 milligrams once daily, 46% of patients had cleared or almost cleared their psoriatic lesion. And the three months study in rheumatoid arthritis presented three days ago at ACR, the top dose also of 600 milligrams once daily showed an ACR20 response rate of 91% and ACR50 of 64% and ACR70 of 55%. Well, these studies are small and it's difficult to compare the results of other established in investigational therapies. I believe the magnitude of effect in both psoriasis and RA studies of 39110 would compare very favorably. In both studies, all those levels are generally well tolerated out of myelosuppressive effect. The results are promised for 39110 are possibly one of our other orally administered JAK1 inhibitors in inflammatory diseases. Well, it remains our intent to develop a JAK1 inhibitor for select inflammatory disorders, possibly with a partner, our top priority for a JAK1 inhibitors is in hematology and oncology. Data from ongoing and plan study should help us to decide which of our portfolio of JAK1 inhibitors are best suited to combination with myelosuppressive chemotherapy and which are best suited for years in inflammatory indications. We are also excited about the potential opportunities with insight 24360 or IDO1 inhibitor in oncology. Like CTLA4, PD1 and PDL1, IDO1 is emerging as a novel checkpoint mechanism which may allow cancers to escape the host immune response. We have a combination study with ipilimumab in melanoma ongoing. Were encouraged by the early data and look forward to presenting the results of the open label, dose finding running portion of the study probably at ASH call next year. Combined checkpoint inhibition looks to be an important to new treatment option, new treatment approach for solid tumors. Based on the emerging data for 24360, we believe it may offer an exciting advance in the immuno oncology space and we are in discussions to collaboratively explore relevant combination regimens. We also have ongoing studies of 24360 monotherapy in ovarian cancer and are supporting an ongoing investigator sponsored study of 24360 again with monotherapy in myelodysplastic syndrome, as well as a collaborative study in combination with a melanoma polyvalent peptide vaccine. And while we have a very robust development stage portfolios with JAK inhibitors, our PI3K delta inhibitor and an IDO inhibitor, we also have several active programs directed at new oncology targets which we look forward to describing to you after these programs reach the clinical stages of development. With that I will turn it over to Dave.
David C. Hastings: Thanks Rich. Good morning everybody. Let's start with product revenue. We recorded $60.2 million of Jakafi net product revenue in the third quarter. Our gross to net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $5.6 million or about 8.5% for the third quarter. We still expect that our full-year growth in net adjustment will range from 8% to 9%. In addition, we recorded $8.2 million in product royalties from Novartis for sales of Jakavi outside the United States.  Now moving to operating expenses, our cost of goods sold for the third quarter was immaterial. As our [starting] [ph] finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. Both R&D and SG&A expenses were within our expectations. Now, moving to the balance sheet, in terms of cash, we ended the third quarter with $291 million of cash and equivalents. In addition, during the third quarter, the company entered into separately negotiated agreements with certain holders of 4.75% convertible senior notes in which such holders agreed to exchange approximately $37 million in aggregate principal amount of the notes for the 4.2 million shares of the companys stock and to which the notes were convertible. The holders also received $1.5 million, which are recorded debt exchange expense in the third quarter. Now importantly, this amount is significantly less than what we owed in future interest expense on the exchange bonds had those notes remained outstanding. In total of the original $400 million principal balance of these notes, we have now completed separately negotiated exchanges of approximately $181 million of the notes in 2013. So in conclusion, we continue to make solid progress on multiple fronts and I believe we are in a strong financial position. So with that Paul, Ill turn it back to you. 
Paul A. Friedman: Operator, let's please go straight to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, we will now be conducting question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Thomas Wei of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Hi, thanks. I have a couple of questions on slightly different topics, the first just wanted to find out if you are able to provide any more granular detail on persistence rates and new patient starts on Jakafi? And then, on the solid tumor program that you are expanding into, can you give us a little bit more detail on what percent of non-small-cell lung cancer, colon and breast cancer would qualify for the study based on the criteria from the pancreatic subgroup that would be helpful in terms of sizing those opportunities. And based on the pancreatic press release that you had put out where there is mention of durable tumor responses, I guess I wanted to understand do you think that Jakafi is working predominantly through a direct antitumor effect and would there be actually a potentially big difference between JAK1 and JAK2 in that way? Thanks.
Jim Daly: Hi Thomas, this is Jim. I will take the first part of your question. Regarding new patient starts, they have been remarkably consistent quarter-over-quarter. So we have not seen a deceleration in the absolute number of new patients starts quarter-over-quarter. With respect to persistency, we really don't want to get into specific metrics around how long patients are staying on a product, only because it's a moving target. Our best indicator of improved persistency is really looking at the dosing practice of physicians starting at lower doses and titrating as appropriate. So we are using 5 milligram and 10 milligram tablets as an indicator of physicians individualizing dosing and we continue to see that move very nicely upward quarter-over-quarter. So with respect to the specific metrics of persistency, there is a number of different ways you can measure that, you can look at the number of patients who stay on 12 months after initiation. You can look at the number of patients who drop off in a given month. We do have some variability in the data sources particularly as patients switch from plan to plan. So we would prefer to really look at underlying demand as measured by total dispensed bottles and then really let you triangulate between new patients starts and total patients in order to back into the persistency.
Richard S. Levy: So with respect to the clinical questions that you asked, first solid tumors in terms of what percent would qualify, I mean based on what we saw in the pancreatic cancer where we said it would be approximately 50% of patients. We believe that's also true in these other solid tumors, you know within a ballpark. Now the other thing you have to consider in terms of looking at the size of the opportunities there is line of therapy. We havent really disclosed where we are looking but it's pretty  it should be pretty clear that we are not focusing initially on first line therapy and so when we talk about the approximately 50% of patients that applies often to the lines of therapy that we are going be focusing on initially and as we move towards first line those numbers could come down a little bit. With respect to the effects within pancreatic cancer, we are seeing survival benefits that I think are beyond what you might expect based simply on response rates even though there were durable responses seen only in the patients that received ruxolitinib in addition to capecitabine. And in terms of the differences between JAK1 and JAK2, our hypothesis is based on everything that we know that the mechanism should be equally applicable to both JAK1 selective inhibitors as well JAK1/2 inhibitors. However, the proof of concept that we have right now is with ruxolitinib which inhibits both JAK1 and JAK2 and that is part of the reason why one of the studies that we are planning to start in the first half of next year is looking at one of our selective JAK1 inhibitors to make sure we can reproduce those results before we make an even larger investment for our JAK1 selective inhibitors in other solid tumors.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter of Canaccord, please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Thanks for taking my questions. I am just wondering what the, if you could just maybe elaborate on the overall strategy with the JAK1, how do we think about that strategy in inflammatory space and then how is it de-prioritized relative to the heme-oncology opportunity and how we should think about solid tumors versus heme opportunities especially with 110? And then, just a competitive question, Gilead just started their Phase III trial with their JAK versus [Rux] [ph], I mean, what are your expectations there and how do you think, if this drug should come to market, it will play out in the marketplace?
Paul A. Friedman: Why dont you take the first part.
Richard S. Levy: Okay. So with respect to our overall strategy for JAK1 we believe that the strongest most, the strongest opportunity and those that we have a clear competitive advantage and lead on are in oncology for both solid and liquid tumors. But we have multiple JAK1 selective inhibitors two of which are already in the clinic and our first goal is to figure out which of the drugs is best suited for use with more highly myelosuppressive chemotherapies and once that decision has been made then pursue the inflammatory indications with the one that is best suited to inflammation either alone or possibly with a partner. And was the next question simply the question on the competition or was there another question in between?
Paul A. Friedman: Solid versus 
Richard S. Levy: Solid versus liquid. So I think the opportunities are excellent in both places with the data that we have besides myelofibrosis right now is in pancreatic cancer with ruxolitinib which happens to be a solid tumor. So we are certainly planning to pursue solid tumors with both ruxolitinib and in other cases with a JAK1 selective inhibitor, but as we said we are starting a combination study with a JAK1 inhibitor with 40093  a PI3K delta Inhibitor because we believe that there will be synergy in the clinic there and there is no reason why the same drug can't be approved, developed and then approved for both solid tumors and liquid tumors so we dont feel that there is a need to have separate molecules for those and we plan to pursue both.
Jim Daly: Salveen, with respect to competition our  we have always expected competition, our view is that competition is good for patients, is good for the market, ultimately more patients will be treated with the JAK inhibitor, so the question really comes down to which product will they be treated with that's the function of product profile, we are absolutely convinced we have a best in class profile with Jakafi. With respect to Gilead having just started their Phase III theyre a long way off from the market. If you look at their study design, they seem to be with a secondary endpoint looking at transfusion independence. From our point of view, cytopenias is an on-target effect with JAK1, JAK2 inhibition, it's predictable, it's manageable and we think between now and when Gilead were to come to the market, cytopenias will be an issue that physicians are very comfortable dealing with through individualized dosing with Jakafi. 
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: Yes. Thanks very much, a couple of questions. One, Rich, I was hoping you could flash out a little bit more helping to set expectations for your IDO inhibitor at ASCO. Are we looking for just a responses there, would we have any PHS for overall survival data that we could begin to look at and then I don't know either Rich or Paul, if you could talk about the PV read through from Sanofi discontinuing their Phase II monotherapy study, I think that kind of spooked some people. I don't know if you have any futility analysis that was already built into your Phase III that you could speak to that gives you confidence beyond just to be obviously the strong data you have in the Phase I, II study? And then, lastly, how do we think about all of these studies with regards to 2014 R&D. It sounds like you are making a really big push and solid tumor is not surprisingly, but I just want to make sure that were kind of well prepared to think about how to model expensive next year? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy: Okay, so with respect to IDO, what we are going to likely present in 2014 are the results of an open label running where everyone is getting both IDO inhibitor 24360 and ipilimumab. And this is a dose escalation to find the proper dosage for the randomized study that will be definitive. What we would expect to be able to show based on what we are seeing now are our response rates. The duration of maintaining therapy before they have to change to something else likely as a result of progression and how long those individuals are living and we are fairly confident based on data that we have right now that, that will compare favorably to historical controls with ipilimumab alone and that is the basis of our level of excitement right now. But in terms of actually having robust data and comparison to ipilimumab alone that will be coming in later years after we really get into the randomized portion of the study. Now, with respect to PV, we have only read the restatement in the Sanofi press release from yesterday saying that they, you know, halted that study and plan on looking a combination therapy. We have no idea and we would be interested in finding out others as well. 
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: They said it does that -- Yes, they said it doesn't live up to their internal expectation was the comment that I understand. So, I am assuming that's just a failure to have robust efficacy.
Richard S. Levy: Yes. So I don't know exactly what they  I don't know exactly what their issue is and we still try to find out more about that. But let me just talk about our place. So, first of all the PV data from this Phase II study 256 was just published online yesterday in cancer, so that is out there for people to look at. Secondly, that our registrations study, the response study, not only has been fully enrolled for almost a year, but all of the patient surpassed the primary endpoint now we just need to wait for all, which is basically at 32 weeks, all patients need to have four to eight week data before we have last patient, last visit and look at the data. But we know from a vigilance perspective that there are no issues with the study in terms of safety and we have no indication from the study that there will be a lack of efficacy. I can't imagine why the results would be particularly different from what we saw in Phase II, where we have like 97% of the patients become phlebotomy independent, patients had profound reductions in spleen size at least as measured by palpation, patients demonstrated symptomatic improvement in that study. So, we remain confident in our study and are curious when eventually the data comes out from the Sanofi as to where they ran into problems with their drug. And with respect to R&D expense in 14, I will turn that over to Dave.
David C. Hastings: Thanks, Rich. Yes, Rachel, I think you are right, it is an aggressive plan, and rightly so. I mean, we are very confident and optimistic about our portfolio. Like it's pretty consistent with what weve said in the past that the return on investment as we invest in our R&D, pipeline is very strong, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, were in a strong financial position, we continue to focus on optimize in the capital structure of the company as evidenced by the recent exchanges we perform. So I think we are in a good position to fund an increased R&D investment next year.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes in the line of Matt Roden of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Great. Thanks for taking my question as well and Happy Halloween. On the IDO program, can you talk about the evidence that suggested this should be additive or synergistic with the checkpoint inhibitor? Just try to give us a sense for why you think this approach should work and then, related, we all know that Charlie Sawyer has been pushing this idea, the combinations of investigational agency in cancer should be pursued but operationally, can you talk about the password and combining idea, with PD1 or PDL1 inhibitors and then, if I may a follow up?
Richard S. Levy: Okay. So first as I mentioned in response to an earlier question. Just with respect to our drug and checkpoint inhibitor, if you let me map, which is a CTLA4 inhibitor. We are seeing response rates, we are seeing how long patients are taking to progress and were seeing survival data that is early and small numbers, but looks to us quite different than the early data with ipilimumab monotherapy and similar patient population. There is also, animal models in vitro data that suggests synergy between our drug and PD1 inhibitors in PDL1 inhibitors, but there is no clinical data there. With respect to the logistics of how this can work, I think companies, in several areas have now become much more amenable to working together at the investigational stage prior to the approval of the either of the drugs. FDA is making that easier, recognize the benefits in cancer as well. And so we have started discussions with other companies, not to partner our program or to sell it to them, but to maintain the program ourselves while looking at combination therapies and I don't want to get into any specifics about that until things have matured, but right now we are reasonably optimistic to that one or more studies might start next year in combination.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Okay and then from the regulatory perspective, are they on board with a combinations as well?
Richard S. Levy: So we have had experience with FDA in terms of combinations of investigational drugs. At this stage where we have no specific agreements with any company, no protocols have actually been submitted to FDA or other health authorities to say that those studies can go forward other than the fact that we  I mean, not that ipilimumab isn't an approved drug, but they had no issues with combining those and that data will help us justify those selection and other things for combinations with PD1s and PDL1s or whatever we end up doing. So I don't have specific FDA or other health authority feedback, but I don't think it's going to be a major problem.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Okay and then Rich, you also mentioned the JAK1 PI3 Kinase combinations and I think you said B Cell lymphoma, quite a heterogeneous group here. Can you help us where you think this combination might be best applied into rationale for addressing those particular subsets?
Richard S. Levy: So, I mean, the first part of the study will look at a range of B cell lymphoma's, as we try to establish the doses of the two drugs in combination and establish what safe combination can be looked at that study may also give us further hints as to where we would likely focus in the future. Certainly with respect to either the stat more established or further along in development PI3K deltas or BTK inhibitors. There are places where those drugs are active, but we think there's a lot of room for improvement, either in terms of the number of responses or the duration of those responses. And so that need for increased benefit is the key driver now and I can tell you that in vitro synergy studies suggest the potential for benefit in those same indications where you are seeing suboptimal benefit with either BTK or another PI3K delta inhibitor. 
Matthew Roden  UBS: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the pipeline success.
Richard S. Levy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on all the progress on multiple fronts. Question on the pancreatic study, I realize lot of the data, you are going to preserve for ASCO but, I was just wondering if you give us any sense to the number of pre-specified subgroups that you looked at and maybe how the hypotheses that these are testing differed or perhaps overlapped? And then, can you give us on any sense on in terms of the bar for label expansion potentially based on those three, Phase II solid tumors studies that you are going to be running for ruxolitinib given the overall survival and point there? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy: Okay. So with respect to the number of subgroup analysis, we actually had, as weve said in the past, more than one and less than five, pre-specified analyses based on the potential mechanism of action. There were other subgroup analysis that were kind of routine, like age, gender, things like that, that were not including in the mix because those are just always, always there. And with respect to how those differed, I really would rather not go into what the other two or three or one additional subgroup analysis was, until such time as we actually present the data. Now with respect to, I think your next question is about the Phase II and the expectations from that. So, the studies are really designed not to be registration studies, but if the results are robust and this time, already backing up the same group that, you know, with identified in pancreatic cancer, I can't say that there's no possibility we couldn't go directly to a label expansion, but I think the expectation from the most part should be that these are Phase II which would then lead to larger Phase III registration studies in any of the number of these indications.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks Rich and congrats again. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Navdeep Singh of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I understand that you can't provide much color on the biomarker for Jakafi and solid tumors given competition, but when you plan to release that information and if I can, how confident are you that biomarker will resonate with the scientific community?
Richard S. Levy: So, in terms of release of the information I mean, it would certainly be no later than when we expect to present the data at ASCO, but we recognize that, that holding it out for that long may not either be possible or appropriate. Depending upon what information seems to be leaking, various other things that could come about where we just feel obligated to do something. So I am not going to put a specific timeline on it. With respect to how well it's going to resonate, I think it's going to resonate, but I think that there are so few people out there that we have actually, community type oncologist that sort of thing that are aware of what's going on that don't have any data to support it one way or the other. Other than to say that it is consistent with the mechanism of action of JAK1 or JAK1 or 2 inhibition and therefore it should not come across in any way as, oh, they just got lucky, they just found some random thing and I think that's the best I can put it at this point in time. 
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs: Okay and just a quick follow up on your JAK1 inhibitor, I know that they are evaluating JAK1 inhibitor in a Phase I trial on solid humors. And I think that trial was initiated in June. When do you think, you can get some data on that, is ASCO [indiscernible] thanks.
Richard S. Levy: So, you know, it's hard to say exactly when we are going to present data from dose escalation Phase I studies because you never know exactly how many cohorts you are going end up doing before you reach the maximal tolerated dose, they are largely safety studies and so yes certainly it's possible that there will data out there and there is more than one study going on with JAK1 inhibitors right now in solid tumors. There is the combination with gem and paclitaxel as well as just a general solid tumor dose escalation study. And so it's reasonable to expect that you will see something in 2014, but for example, if that was to be submitted to ASCO that means submitting the data in the first quarter of 2014 and we are just not sure yet how robust that data set will be. So we dont want to make specific predictions and then not follow through on them. 
Navdeep Singh  Goldman Sachs: Okay thanks Rich and congrats on the progress. 
Richard S. Levy: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang  Barclays: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Related to the -- on pancreatic cancer. So the first one is when you conducted the subgroup analysis did you spend any offer [ph] in conducting the analysis and then secondly I am sure Novartis has that done a lot of looks into the data here. When do you think Novartis would adopt in and when is the  I guess the latest time frame they could do that. And then on INCB39110 which is solid data from ACR which looks pretty encouraging, but I am not sure whether we see clear doses, among the three lower doses and we did see living lipids elevation at 600 QD dose. I was wondering what your thought is in terms of taking this count forward? Which dose would you likely select? Thank you.
Richard S. Levy: Okay. So thanks. So first of all, in terms of prospective planning of this study which was 120 patients approximately, there was no pre-specified alpha control for subgroup analysis. However, if you do Bonferroni correction which is most aggressive correction for multiple looks at subgroups. Based on those two to four other groups, the statistics of the subgroup does held up with the feedback, corrected value still less than 0.5. So again, we dont see this as an issue of chance. We see this as a pretty clear finding that's also supported by the mechanism action make sense as opposed to just statistical rigger. With respect to Novartis, they have no limitations as to when they can decide to opt into a program. So we cannot speak to when they may or may not decide to do that. And with respect to the Phase II data of 39110 in RA, we agree that there wasnt much of a dose response seen other than with the 600 milligram dose that was clearly, I shouldnt say clearly, in this study it was clearly better than the 100 BID, 200 BID and 300 QD. I think that you just would need larger numbers of patients to really be able to see that as well as potentially studying a lower dose than either 100 BID or 301 today to really see the full view of that dose response. With respect to lipids, I mean all of the drugs that are being developed in the IR6 space, the JAK space, as well as to a lesser extend other anti-inflammatories increase LDL and HDL and so far this has not been a problem for any of them. We are aware that the (indiscernible) has put out data saying that they dont increase lipids, they actually do at their 300 milligram QD dose which is one that they have said they are not planning to take forward into Phase II. But clearly the effect is still there when you reach levels of the inhibition of the JAK1 target which is related to then inhibiting the signaling of IR6. So I dont think there are any exceptions to this mechanistic rule. 
Ying Huang  Barclays: That's fair. Thanks for the color. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Lowe  JP Morgan: Hi there, it's actually Matt Lowe in for Cory today. You mentioned, you are in ties with the early data in open label study for IDO, I am just wondering if you would characterize that at all and what you are looking at in the study? And then, also at ASH, I believe youre going to present the three years survival data for Jakafi. I was just wondering is there still a meaningful number of physicians who need to be convinced of the overall survival data. If you can comment on that that would be great? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy: Okay. So I dont really have much more to say on the IDO plus similar that I have said before but let me just reiterate the bottom line. So the things that we are looking at now in this small dose escalation open label study is comparison to historical controls and what we are seeing are response rates, the duration before someone has a progression event and the duration that those patients are living which we believe compared to published data on ipilimumab monotherapy in melanoma are better. But it's not a statistical comparison, not even a head-to-head comparison, yet it's a comparison to historical controls based on a relatively small number of our patients compared to a large number of patients in the Phase II and III studies with any ipilimumab but this along with some of the pre-clinical data that suggest synergy between these things gives us confidence that this is a real effect and gives us interest not only in following the study with ipilimumab but with other checkpoint inhibitors and putting PD1 and PDL1. With respect to the impact of three year survival data, I will turn that over to Jim. 
Jim Daly: Yes, there is still a significant proportion of the physicians who are not aware of the survival data with Jakafi so certainly publication and scientific meetings is incrementally helpful, but ultimately we think the major catalyst would be inclusion of the data in the package insert and again we are hopeful for that sometime next year.
Matt Lowe  JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Thanks. Three questions maybe first for Jim, I am having a little trouble reconciling the unit volume growth 8% in the quarter down from 15% last quarter given the comments you made about studying these darts and maybe the increasing persistence, maybe you could clarify that? And for Rich, I think you indicated earlier that the initial focus here with the JAKs in solid tumors is later lines of therapy. Is that based on some mechanistic rationale or it's just because thats where you fortunate enough to get the first early read? And then lastly for Dave, just wondering if you have tax planning strategies in place for some of these newer assets I guess the JAK1s in particular that you are on worldwide rights to? 
Jim Daly: Hi Eric this is Jim. Here is an actual rhythm to the business in terms of our demand pattern, if you remember we did 7% dispense bottles in the first quarter and we did 15% the second quarter, 8% in the third quarter and what you will find is typically the first quarter in oncology particularly for orals tends to be one in which you got kind of the win your face with respect to deductibles, donate etcetera. there is also an issue of the number of shipping days and we had fewer shipping days first quarter, more shipping days second quarter. And the third quarter tends to be impacted more by quite frankly vacations whether it be patients or physicians there is reluctance to put patients on new products during the summer period. And typically we see a relatively strong fourth quarter. So that's the natural rhythm of the business. We were expected to repeat this year. So that really is the explanation for the 7%, the 15% and the 8%.
Richard S. Levy: With respect to lines of therapy, I mean with respect to ruxolitinib, we particularly looked for lines of therapy where the current treatment could include an option that was not very highly myelosuppressive and that was the lead basis for making those decisions. With respect to the JAK1s thats been less of an issue but it's still very hard to get directly into first line therapy. So we are not saying that we are starting each of our studies in last line by any means. I am saying that first line is hard to get to initially. And it just happens that there are in some of these diseases at least, the percentage of patients who would fit into the category where we worked very well in pancreatic cancer is a little bit higher in later lines maybe because their prognosis is not that good in the first place. But there is a number of patients who exists in first line is larger. So the total number of patients that might be available for treatment in the end can still be as larger and larger and they end in first line even if the percentages are little bit lower. So that was not really a key decision make on how we selected our Phase II studies.
David C. Hastings: And Eric, yes, we are working with our outside professionals service providers on those strategies in addition where youre actually recruiting internally for a tax director who would lead that role and of course I will remind you in the meantime we have a $1.3 billion NOL that can be utilized as well.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Friedman of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question. 
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to get a sense of two things, one is of all of the Phase II, these randomized Phase II that are starting in long and colorectal, what is the sort of rough time frame to get data from those, is that 2015 or is that 2016? And then, the other question is just around some of the preclinical work that supports the tumors and I was wondering if you could just talk about what you have seen pre-clinically for pancreatic and how that is similar or different to what you see in longer colorectal but also prostate and myeloma where you had trials as well? Thanks.
Richard S. Levy: Okay. So we are not going to get specific about the time lines for the Phase II yet in part because we have not selected centers yet for all the studies to happen completely visibility to determine how many patients might be enrolled for a month or how many of each of those centers. The only thing I would say is that these are pilot studies like the Phase II recap study and the recap study from start to finish was about two years. So I think, assuming we start in first half of 14 with some of these studies, I think seeing in 15 is optimistic and seeing data in 16 is quite reasonable at this early stage of evaluation. With respect to the pre-clinical work, I would really suggest that weve a follow up call with you and the scientists. Weve done that work because I dont have all that information at hand to go into detail. Other than to say that there were clear pre-clinical models suggesting benefits in terms of pancreatic cancer and some of the other tumors have been well studied and have similar results but Im not  and thats not directing our line of responsibility and I dont have that information at hand today.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is with Liisa Bayko of JMP. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Drew Prigodich] [ph] for Liisa. Hi, there are couple of questions for you. One is, if you could talk a little bit about how the choices were made for the solid tumors youre developing first and including colorectal and breast? And second question is, where in the information space do you see the best opportunity for a JAK1 specific inhibitor?
Richard S. Levy: So in terms of the choices with respect rectal in there which is the place where we already have clear, perfect concept in pancreatic cancer, we were looking for major solid tumors and certainly the ones weve announced that were doing, long colon and breast are major solid tumors. But also where there was an opportunity to combine with something that was not very highly myelosuppressive. And with respect to JAK1 inhibitor at this stage, again, the first thing is to try to reproduce the recap results for the JAK1 inhibitor and the second in non-small-cells because its a very large opportunity, large unmet need along with similar levels of evidence that this mechanism should work in these patients and that about 50% of the patients would quality into this subgroup that we think we work best in. With respect to choices in inflammation, I mean, there is really a couple of things I would say. One is that one of the potential benefits are the selective JAK1 inhibitor is to go to levels of inhibition that you cant get to necessarily with a JAK1 and 2 inhibitor because at that point you would start to get into myelosuppression. And so, there are certain diseases psoriasis being one but certainly not the only one, but the place we have data where the data suggest that you do want higher levels of inhibition that is necessarily for maximal affect in something like rheumatoid arthritis. But obviously, something like rheumatoid arthritis is a very large opportunity and nothing to be dismissed off out of pan. So weve not decided exactly what we would do in terms of this, our main priority right now is figuring out which molecule would go inflammation. And if we decide to partner the program then our partner would also have some influence on the  or a live influence probably on the choices that would be made in terms of which indications first and which indications would come later.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Skip Klein with Gauss Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Thanks. Maybe I should start up by trying to soften  sincerely thanking you for all the good progress and execution in sales, balance sheet, clinical front there is lot going on, you guys are really executing. So then, the question I guess is really for Jim, Im working on the triangulation that he suggest and how much Jim whether you know that I answered to a higher authority. There is some ladies that play mahjong who are big fans of Dr. Friedman and they honestly pester me more than Ive ever been pestered in my investor life. And this is what Ive told him and I guess Im just wondering whether you could tell me whether Im in line or out of line. Ive told them that the company has treated about 5,700 patients in myelofibrosis out of about 12,000 available populations. Im telling him youve about 3,300 on therapy, youre adding about a 120 to 125 patients a month on a net basis. So, Im telling you about the half way through MF opportunity, PV is to follow and is a bigger available population, Im telling them that Ive peak sales in 2025 and they remind me that theyre not going to be alive then, but I tell him its going to be 1.8 billion in peak sales at that point with pancreatic probability of technical success of about 60% to 70% so thats a lot. Am I roughly in line because these ladies I dont really want to embarrass my mother and they play mahjong with her?
Jim Daly: Skip, we havent been that precise in communicating our patient numbers, but I think, you may be misleading the ladies with respect to the total addressable population. Again, we see an addressable population of basically 85% of the total MF population of 16,000 to 18,000, so lets call that 15,000 patients. You can segment pretty much into three groups, high risk 5,000, intermediate 2 5,000, intermediate 1 5,000. To-date Id say we have less than  considerably less than 5,700 patients who have touched drug for MF. So the way were looking at it, were probably into third inning, third or fourth inning with respect to our MF gain. And I think were in a good position to be almost two years into launch and were still characterizing our growth in terms of sequential quarter-over-quarter. Most oncology products experience relatively rapid peak and then a plateau and theyre often taking about year-over-year growth rate at this point. Were still talking about double digit sequential quarter-over-quarter growth and I think thats because the nature of the disease. The heterogeneous disease with a spectrum of severity and its also managed by community physicians and when you have a low prevalent disease managed by community oncologist it takes them some time to get comfortable with the new therapy and a disease they dont see that often. And I think were seeing that with the solid consistent growth with Jakafi, but I think we have a lot of growth ahead of us with Jakafi and MF.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Great, and then I greatly appreciate handling the fact that I was high on the treated patients, how about 3,300 on therapy and adding about a 120 a month because there is one lady that kind of focuses on that.
Jim Daly: Yes, I dont want to get into the new adds per month, well I cant say is that the relatively consistent. If you look at the number of patients who are on therapy, I would just suggest that really use your calculator, if we have $60 million in net sales for the third quarter and right now we realize about $7,600 assume 8% discount of a list of $8,300 and then divide by three months you will get closer to about 2,600 or 2,700 on therapy.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Okay. Thank you very much and I guess the most important is peak sales, but I guess, I cant expect anyone really to comment on that. Is that way out of line if things go right to think that peak sales could be $1.5 billion to $2 billion for ruxo?
Jim Daly: Well, I wouldnt want to comment on anything outside of MPNs, but I think as weve said in the past, we see Jakafi being a $0.5 billion opportunity in MF and we see the PV opportunity being at least as big if not bigger than the MF opportunity. And then obviously the programs that Rich has discussed thats all incremental.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. We are in the end of our question-and-answer session and time for one final question. That will be a follow up from the line Matt Roden of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Well actually, its been answered, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ill now turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Paul A. Friedman: This is Paul. Thank you all for dialing in and for the dialogue weve had this morning, I think were making really good progress and the company looks forward to our next quarterly call and with that Ill be signing off. Bye, bye.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy - VP, Investor Relations Communications Paul Friedman - President and CEO Jim Daly - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Dave Hastings - EVP and Chief Financial Officer Rich Levy - Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer
Analysts: Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Ashoff - Brean Capital Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Matt Roden - UBS Thomas Wei - Jefferies Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Ying Huang - Barclays Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Josh Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets Do Kim - Piper Jaffray Lisa Zhang - Goldman Sachs Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors Andrew Goldsmith - Canaccord Genuity Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer Matt Roden - UBS
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Incyte Corporation, Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President Investor Relations Communications. Thank you Ms. Murphy.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes second quarter, 2013 conference call. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Daly, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. Paul will begin with an overview of the quarter and highlight progress made in our lead clinical program. Jim will follow with an update on our ongoing commercialization of Jakafi and Dave will describe our second quarter financial results. Paul will then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, we would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development program for Jakafi and other indications as well as other compounds in our pipeline and a revised 2013 financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul Friedman: Good morning, everyone. I spend a productive quarter on a number of fronts, commercially, clinically and financially. Commercially, Jakafi continued to experience solid growth and in fact as Jim is going to describe in his remarks, we've increased our 2013 guidance for net product revenues. Clinically, important new data presented in the second quarter showed that Jakafi improved overall survival in myelofibrosis patients and that also advanced our scientific understanding of JAK1 inhibition may impact a basic aspect of the disease and we're in a strong financial position which Dave will address in his remarks. I'm going to start with the overall survival data representative to European Hematology Association meeting, three year data from the COMFORT-II show the treatment to Jakafi, not only led to sustained reduction spleen volume, but also provided a 52% reduction in the risk of death relative to patients treated with best available therapy. This survival benefit for patients randomized to Jakafi is particularly noteworthy given that all patients randomize the best available therapy had crossed over to receive Jakafi by week 48. The benefit observed underscores the importance of treating earlier with Jakafi and we expect this information further encouraged physicians to prescribe Jakafi for the intermediate or high risk MF patients and to do so earlier in the course of this progressive disease. Restructuring COMFORT-I, last year at ASH we showed that would two years of follow-up, Jakafi continued to be associated with the survival advantage over placebo. At that time there were 27 deaths in the group treated with Jakafi and 41 in the placebo group. This translates to a hazard ratio of 0.58. We look forward to sharing the three year data in December at ASH, at EHA and ASCO results from an exploratory analysis of long term exposure to Jakafi were presented, which show that in the majority of patients with MF, bone marrow fibrosis stabilized or reversed after 24 and 48 months of Jakafi treatment. This was not observed in separate database analyses of patients treating with hydroxyurea or with other therapies. Bone marrow fibrosis is a hallmark of underlying disease in MF and these data suggest the Jakafi may have the additional effect of slowing or reversing bone marrow fibrosis. In June, we announced that the FDA added group product information to the Jakafi product the label, which put the reporting case of primary multifocal leukoencephalopathy in the appropriate context by placing it into warnings and precautions and patient counseling information sections. Within this label update and as a result of the FDAs review of our sNDA for expanding dosing guidance, we now have specific recommendations on the starting dose and dose titration for patients with low platelet counts. We believe this guidance will help physicians titrate to appropriate doses so that these patients are more likely to maintain therapy and obtain the long term clinical benefits of treatment Jakafi. But beyond myelofibrosis we're evaluating Jakafi and other indications in our most advance program is in patients with Polycythemia vera or PV. Later stage PV patients manifest splenomegaly and/or towards the same symptom complex seen in patients with MF. This group of PV patients represents a significant unmet medical need for which their acts and currently no FDA approved medications. We expect results from the pivotal phase III PV trial called the RESPONSE early next year which will keep us on track to submit a supplemental NDA in the first half of '14. And as you'll hear from Jim we're already actively preparing for this next launch which is the meaningful growth opportunity for Jakafi. We also have developmental programs evaluating Jakafi in cancers outside of the myeloproliferative neoplasms including pancreatic cancer. A particularly difficult tumor characterized both by hyperactive JAK/STAT signaling within the tumor as well as by catabolic wasting or cachexia, two aspects of pancreatic cancer biology where Jakafi has the potential to intervene. This proof of concept trial RECAP is evaluating Jakafi in combination with capecitabine versus capecitabine alone in second line pancreatic cancer patients. Overall survival is the primary end point in the pre-specified number of events in the trial has been reached, we expect to have top line results available later this quarter. An additional study exploring Jakafi in combination with chemotherapy has been initiated in patients with solid tumors and there are also investigator-sponsored to trials underway evaluating Jakafi in several other immunologic and oncologic indications. Our second JAK1, JAK2 inhibitor baricitinib continues to show impressive clinical results. Lilly recently presented that one year data from the Phase II B rheumatoid arthritis study at EULAR which showed that the clinically our significant improvements in the signs and symptoms of RA at 24 weeks were sustained through 52 weeks of treatment with no new safety issues observed. The based on the strong positive Phase II results and the robust Phase III clinical program currently ongoing, we believe baricitinib could offer advantages over existing RA therapies. With the clear effects of Jakafi in myelofibrosis and baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis, we've elected to also explore the effects of compounds at selectively inhibit JAK1. We have a broad portfolio at selective JAK1 inhibitors and as we did with the JAK1, JAK2 program, we've moved two distinct JAK1 inhibitors into clinical development in order to pursue both oncology and inflammation indications. We are currently studying our lead JAK1 inhibitor INCB39110 in proof-of-concept trials in myelofibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis and in psoriasis. Three diseases for which there's much information about the effects of dual JAK1, JAK2 inhibition. These studies provide us with the opportunity to characterize the clinical activity of JAK1 inhibition, understand potential points of differentiation versus JAK1, JAK2 inhibition and select the appropriate pathways for further development. We expect results from these studies in the second half of the year. The psoriasis data has already been accepted as an oral presentation at the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology in October and we submitted an abstract of the RA data to ACR and plan to do the same with the MF data for ASH. We've also initiated a study with 39110 in combination with chemotherapy to better understand how JAK inhibitors could be used in this setting and would then be able to compare the results with what we've seen the JAK in a similar patient group. Our second JAK1 inhibitor INCB47986 is in Phase 1 clinical development and we look forward to describing our plans for that compound later this year. And beyond our JAK programs, we have other compounds in development including our indoleamine dioxygenase or IDO1 inhibitor INCB024360. The results for this novel oral immunotherapy including Phase 1 data presented at ASCO have been encouraging. The compound has an immune enhancing mechanism distinct from those of other immunotherapies and has shown excellent tolerability as a single agent of doses that effectively inhibit IDO activity. The compound is currently in Phase 2 clinical development as monotherapy for ovarian cancer and in combination with ipilimumab for metastatic melanoma. Additionally, the Moffitt Cancer Center is initiating a Phase 2 trial in myelodysplastic syndrome. The immunotherapy field is involving rapidly with increased emphasis on combination therapy to further improve overall survival. Interesting potential combinations include the use of IDO inhibitors with antibodies that target PD-1 and PD-01. These antibodies have shown positive results in combination with other immunotherapies not only in melanoma but also in solid tumors. In addition to the pipeline compounds I have highlighted today, we've several early stage compounds in inflammation and oncology that I look forward to describing in the future. And now, I'll turn the call over to Jim Daly.
Jim Daly: Thank you, Paul and good morning everyone. The successful advancement of the clinical programs highlighted by Paul represents a building block of a well-diversified, high growth global immuno oncology business. Now from a commercial perspective, the immediate job at hand is to build a bedrock foundation with Jakafi in MF. And our second quarter results reflecting continued solid progress in executing our strategy. In terms of quarter-over-quarter growth, net sales grew 12% with the following components of growth. Underlying demand as measured by vials dispensed to patients grew by 15%. Net price accounted for 1% of growth reflecting an improvement in our gross to net line relative to the first quarter. Inventory depletion reduced growth by 4% and well lower inventories at the end of the second quarter remain within the normal range of three to 3.5 weeks. Our second quarter performance is consistent with our expectation for steady and consistent growth in dispense bottles. Based upon what we are seeing in new prescriptions and persistency, we expect to see continued solid growth in the second half. As a result, weve increased our 2013 net product revenue guidance in the range of $220 million to $230 million, a change from the previous range of $210 million to $225 million. Through the second quarter, our breadth and depth to prescribing to continue to expand as evidenced by the fact that nearly half of our target prescribers have prescribed Jakafi at least once and about a third of those have written for two or more patients. Turning to persistency, we believe that domestic, that dosing should be individualized for each patient with changing physician behavior. We continue to see the increase used of lower dose strengths both at the starting dose and in high trading if medically necessary. In the second quarter, 5 milligrams and 10 milligrams strengths represented 46% of dispensed bottles versus 37% in the first half of last year and 41% in the second half of last year. Late in the second quarter, we received FDA approval of expanded dosing guidance for the treatment of patients with low platelets counts. We believe this new information will enable our sales representatives to reinforce the importance of individualizing the starting dose in these patients and appropriately modifying the dose, especially during the first eight weeks to 12 weeks of therapy. Regarding Jakafi sales in Europe, the launch continues to do well and is exceeding Novartis expectations. Because of some one-time events, the revenues were $33 million in the second quarter and $35 million in the first quarter. However when you normalize for these one-time events in the second quarter, Jakafi continuous to grow quarter-over-quarter. Novartis is also continuing to make steady progress with reimbursement approvals in Europe on a country-by-country basis. Our $60 million milestone payment is triggered by reimbursement approval in three out of the top five major European countries. As previously reported, Jakafi reimbursement is approved to France and we expect Novartis received reimbursement in the second major country later this year. Therefore, we expect the milestone will be achieved in the first half of 2014, a change from our previous expectation of 2013. Well national health authorities are considering reimbursement, access to Jakafi is available in most EU countries to various cancer funds or an individual patient basis. As Novartis achieved additional national reimbursement overtime, we expect steady growth in Jakafi revenue in Europe. The product profile for Jakafi in MF has continued to revolve and expand since launch. The data and overall survival and myelofibrosis that Paul just discussed have expanded the potential patient benefit to well beyond screen reduction and symptom improvement. These potential benefits strengthen the medical imperative to manage patients more proactively and more intensively to optimize their health. As a result, not only do we now believe that ultimately more MF patients will be treated with Jakafi, we also believe that they will treated early in the course of their disease and for a longer period of time. Well these shifts maybe subtle in the short-term, they have the potential to represent a source of sustainable long-term growth for Jakafi in MF around the world. The unmet need and Polycythemia Vera is real and a successful launch represents an important growth opportunity for Jakafi. Based upon the nature of the disease and what we have learned from the Phase 2 study, the use of Jakafi in PV should be relatively straight forward with a 90% of PV patients have the JAK2 V16 amputation simplifying both the diagnosis and the rationale for using a JAK inhibitor. And our primary treatment goal is to reduce the (inaudible) in platelet counts, which Jakafi will do in addition to its other benefits demonstrated in our Phase 2 studies. Finally, based on hydroxyurea usage and Phase 2 long-term follow-up data, we're expecting meaningful greater duration of treatment in patients diagnosed with PV as compared to patients with MF. We'll be able to revise more information and keep you up-to-date as our launch planning continues. With an improved product in MF and an expected indication in PV, we're committed to increasing awareness of MPNs and the unmet needs of many patients. With that in mind, we're collaborating with a variety of healthcare and patient advocacy groups within the MPN community to increase awareness and support patients through education and empowerment. We look forward to sharing more details of our various upcoming activities in September which coincide with blood cancer awareness month. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hastings: Thanks Jim and good morning everybody. We'll start with revenue this morning. We recorded $54.1 million of Jakafi net product revenue in the second quarter. And as Jim noted, we are increasing our 2013 Jakafi net product revenue guidance to a range of $220 million to $230 million from the previous range of $210 million to $225 million. Our gross-to-net adjustments for product revenue recognize was approximately $5 million or 8.5% for the second quarter. We still expect that our full year gross-to-net adjustment will range from 8% to 9%. In addition, we recorded $5.8 million in product royalties from Novartis for sales of Jakafi outside the United States. Now moving to our operating expenses, our costs of goods sold for the second quarter was immaterial as our starting and finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. SG&A was within expectations while R&D expense came in slightly below our expectations. As we've mentioned in the past, our R&D expenses tend to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter based on the timing of certain clinical trials, and we expect an increase in R&D expense in second half of the year. Now moving to the balance sheet, in terms of cash, we ended the second quarter in a strong position with $277 million of cash and investments. In addition, during the second quarter, the company entered into separately negotiated agreements with certain holders of our 4% and 3.25% convertible senior notes in which such holders agreed to exchange approximately $144 million in aggregate principal amount of the notes for the 16.4 million shares of the companys stock and through which the notes were convertible. The holders also received $9.8 million which are recorded as debt exchange expense in the second quarter. Now importantly, this amount is significantly less than what we owed in future interest expense on the exchange bonds had the notes remained outstanding. As a result of the reduction in the outstanding principal balance of the notes, the company now expects interest expense to be approximately $38 million in 2013, including non-cash charges of $23 million to amortize the discount on the notes. So we are in a financial position. We have sufficient cash to fund our growth and we have multiple sources of cash flow. In addition, with our successful exchange of $144 million of our notes, we have improved our capital structure. And so with that, I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Friedman: Thanks, Dave. Operator, could you please now open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have two pipeline questions actually. How is your thinking about, Paul, further your lead JAK1 inhibitor? It sounds like there is positive data in the psoriasis and you said in the past that you need to have a differentiated profile versus various fairly Are you seeing that? Do you plan to develop this into a unique indication versus very significant Jakafi? And then separately on IDO, it sounds like you are gaining some traction there. Are there any plans to combine with your own internal pipeline? Thank you.
Paul Friedman: I am going to have Rich address to those questions because I think you should start and I will add on something if there are things that I have.
Rich Levy: So, it's a little bit hard to answer the question directly before actually presenting the data, which will be presented, I guess, which has the psoriasis data at EADV. We expect data at ACR and myelofibrosis at ASH, but I think its fair to say that the data is positive and interesting and that we do see potential there. We are not in a position to compare the data to other unreleased information to say how it compares to other JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitors, but have not presented their data yet. But we do have the interest in moving 39110 forward in inflation, and the other JAK1 inhibitor this is already in the clinical 47986, we are targeting towards oncology. Now there are still are still some studies that are ongoing with 39110 in oncology. Simply because that was further ahead in development and we felt that we can answer some questions about the role of JAK1 inhibitors in oncology with that lead compound. With respect to IDO inhibitors, we are interested in combining it as was indicated in the prepared remarks with drugs that are active into immunology such as the PD-1s and PD-01s and in terms of our own pipeline, there is potential there for other compounds, which are not so much geared towards the immunologic treatment of cancer but that may have utility in those cancers, but we dont have anything specific to present in terms of that at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ashoff with Brean Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Ashoff - Brean Capital: I was looking at this impact and market scam, claims databases and they put the MF prevalence in the US at about 12.817.7K versus 016 to 18 and the PV was like for 148K to 178K versus roughly 95 figures and I just wonder if you could help on explaining those differences?
Jim Daly: Hey, Jonathan, this is Jim. Jonathan, I think its very important to look at when the claims data is gathered. Ours is more current and is not unusual when you have orphan indication without an effective treatment to actually see some under quoting and physicians will actually quote for what they can treat, and as a result, we think the more current data is reliable and we have a lot of confidence in our epidemiology of 16,000 and 18,000 MF patients. And quite frankly, as we look at our new patients starts quarter-over-quarter, we are increasingly confident in those numbers.
Jonathan Ashoff - Brean Capital: And then how about the PV over estimation on this
Jim Daly: Yeah, Jonathan, that again well sit with our methodology and there is one we hope to wrong, we hope there is a 150,000 PV patients out there, but right now our best estimates indicate that there is at least a 100,000 diagnosed PV patients being treated in the office today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Two of them for you, first of all, do you have any additional thoughts or strategies on potentially giving that the Jakafi survival data into the level given how strong that works and I am wondering how necessary you think that even is. And then the second question is how much off label user you currently seen in PV? Thanks
Rich Levy: So I will answer the first question, this is Rich. We recently had a meeting with FDA in July to talk about the potential of adding the results of survival, announces of survival from COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II to the package insert. And they are quite amenable to some display of that, the details of which will be worked out after they review the dossier. And that is planned to be submitted mid second half and we just don't know how long yet that review will be. So, we're thinking that will be at in terms of its importance, I think it's now it's good to be able to have something in the package insert so that the sales reps can directly speak to something, Jim may add on that as he also addresses your second question.
Jim Daly: Yes. No I think Kevin and Kaplan-Meier curves in the label, it is powerful and clearly that would support the rationale to treat early with Jakafi. And with respect to our current usage by indication, 90% plus of our usage is for MF, of the remaining 10%, plus half of that is for PV and the remaining portion is small numbers, but you're looking at [MVS and ETE] largely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Roden - UBS: Question on the pancreatic trial upcoming similar to what was asked before. The Phase 2 trial is kind of smaller to randomize survival trial and accordingly it doesn't have the most robust power. If the bar is high for the primary endpoint, can you talk about the way you think about the other endpoints, would you need to see to further develop Jakafi or JAK inhibitors for improving survival. I guess its a way of asking in the case of sort of a gray result how do you think about that in taking this forward. Thanks.
Rich Levy: Yeah so when we look at this field a number of years ago there were a lot of companies trying to get into cancer cachexia and constantly running into issues with FDA as to what these surrogates were and whether they were truly established surrogates. And we decided to just study those things but put the emphasis on what is the survival data because that is in fact the bottom line here in terms of advanced pancreatic cancer. I mean it's one thing to make people feel better which I think you probably will find that it does based on no analysis of pancreatic data which has been our experience with the drug. But when you are talking about survival within months I think survival does become important. So the study is powered not necessarily to look at a two-sided P-value of less than 0.05 though it has the potential to show that but it wasn't initially designed with 80% or 90% power to demonstrate that because we wanted to get an answer on survival without doing essentially a Phase 3 trial at start. We just have to look at the remainder of the data and decide in the end is the next study a survival study? Is it something else and what is the impact of this initial study in pancreatic cancer in terms of other types of cancer cachexia component and we will have the results soon enough sometime this quarter and so it's just premature for me to try to speculate without seeing any of the data from this trial and knowing that it is coming pretty soon.
Matt Roden - UBS: Thanks for that, Rich and when you think about advancing 110 and 96, these are coming in to a phase where there's already one JAK approved in RA and maybe by the time these guys get in the Phase III, there might be another. Just trying to get a sense for what you think this clinical and regulatory path would be for those and whether or not you would need head to head trials in those various indications you're looking at?
Rich Levy: So those are really difficult questions. I mean I think it really is going to depend upon the data and the differentiation as to whether or not the strategy is to just be another JAK inhibitors with some improvements over what's out there versus going to slightly different indications where we might be first or potentially second, something like that. You know, clearly it's not our goal to just have a need to third potentially JAK inhibitor for indications with nothing additional to offer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies: I was just wondering if you could give some extra color around the contribution in new patient starts versus persistency improvements during the quarter and for that 46% at the lower doses, when you take a look at your overall clinical database and model out what the ratio should be based on the efficacy safety parameters, what do you think is ultimately going to be the stable ratio at lower dose versus higher doses? Thanks.
Jim Daly:  Thanks, Thomas. Well Thomas our initial guidance was predicated on the fact that we would see a gradual meaningful improvement in persistence. And as well as a gradual deceleration new patients starts over the course of the year. Now we're certainly seeing the improved persistence and the favorability to our initial guidance expectations it really attributable to the fact that we're not seeing any slowing in new patient starts. So thats a major driver, in fact we're seeing continued strong new patient starts month-over-month that's driving our ability to increase the guidance. In terms of the lower doses mix, interestingly, we're still well behind Jakavi in Europe in terms of the use of lower doses. So they certainly want to school on us, I think it's very hard to quantify, but I would be surprised Thomas if we werent well above half of our units being in five and 10 milligram strengths.
Rich Levy: Can I just add in terms of the clinical trial experience, what we found in for example the COMFORT studies, is that those patients who started at a dose of 20 milligrams b.i.d., because they had baseline platelet counts of greater than 200,000 those patients tended to either remain at 20 b.i.d. or go down to 15 with the mean overtime, being 15 so higher than the five to 10, whereas those patients who started with the 100 and 200,000 platelets and started 15 tended to 10-day average down to doses around 10 milligrams b.i.d. and then from the separate study of patients with starting platelet counts less than 100,000 who start at 5 b.i.d. those patients tended to end up at 10 b.i.d. So it really depends upon the patient mix as to what the eventual doses are going to be. And so I think you wouldnt necessarily expect to get much over the 50% and 60% of patients and doses of around 10 overtime, because some patients can tolerate and may receive additional benefit from doses around 15 b.i.d.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo: Hey, this is [Shane] calling in for Brian and thanks for taking my questions. You've mentioned cachexia as one of the potential mechanisms of actions for improving survival and pancreatic cancer. Could you talk in little more details about the mechanics of rational on behind targeting JAK2 and pancreatic cancer such as intrinsic factors mediated by IL-6 signaling axis, extrinsic factors involving GM-CSF mediated immuno-suppression and whether you think the fact that Jakafi had an effect on bone marrow myelofibrosis translate to any impact on desmoplasia in pancreatic cancer and whether you have tested these hypothesis in preclinical models?
Rich Levy: Okay, so let me just rather than answering each of your individual questions, kind of go through how we think about this. So first of all, in myelofibrosis we see the patients are cachectic, they gain weight and they live longer. And there have been plenty of animal models where in chachectic statistic models IL-6 is a key driver and the if you inhibit on IL-6 singling through whatever mechanisms where these (inaudible) levels use siRNA any of those things in animal models that reverses the chachexia and leads to a the greater survival. Additionally, there are animal models that look at IL-6 inhibition in pancreatic cancer that has benefits and then our Xenograft models of pancreatic cancer even without necessarily having a cachexia component, we see that our JAK1 and 2 inhibitors lead to tumor growth delays, reductions in tumor mass et cetera. So we have not looked specifically at impacts of fibrosis within and various things like that it's part of our rationale and we look forward to seeing actual clinical results soon.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo: Okay. A quick related question is how confident are you dosing used in MF should translate to an effective dose in pancreas are there any biomarkers that you're tracking to assess whether you have reached that effective dose?
Paul Friedman: Well, I mean we know by following ex-vivo [STAT fast correlation] that the blood levels that we get in these patients are sufficient inhibit the JAK pathways to the degree that we want to inhibit them. And we certainly do we have measurements that we're making in the study, but all that data is blinded at this point.
Rich Levy: And the dose, the starting dose here is 15 milligrams BID and because these patients do not have bone marrow disease, they're able, they're virtually all of them as far as I know are able to maintain that dose, which is the highly active dose.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Barclays.
Ying Huang: So the first question I have is, on the volume change from this quarter for Jakafi shipment because I know you guys took a price increase, so can you give us basically the volume change for Jakafi shipments from 1Q to 2Q? And then second question I have was regarding to a new drug you guys just put into the clinic. I think you said codename INCB40093, it was in Phase I for B-cell malignancy. I was wondering if you could clarify what method of action this drug has. Is it a PI3K inhibitor and what your thoughts are in terms of getting into this B-cell malignancy given you know the product exposure already on -- in the clinical phase now?
Barclays: So the first question I have is, on the volume change from this quarter for Jakafi shipment because I know you guys took a price increase, so can you give us basically the volume change for Jakafi shipments from 1Q to 2Q? And then second question I have was regarding to a new drug you guys just put into the clinic. I think you said codename INCB40093, it was in Phase I for B-cell malignancy. I was wondering if you could clarify what method of action this drug has. Is it a PI3K inhibitor and what your thoughts are in terms of getting into this B-cell malignancy given you know the product exposure already on -- in the clinical phase now?
Jim Daly: This is Jim. In terms of quarter-over-quarter price volume, volume grew 15% -- 15% unit growth and price contribute 1% and that was really a function of our gross to net going from 9.5% down to 8.5% and we burned off 4% of growth in inventory and that netted the 12% net sales quarter-over-quarter growth.
Ying Huang: Second question 40093 is a selective inhibitor of PI3K delta. We are currently exploring its safety and biological activity in the Phase I trial. We are not going to provide at this time greater detail on the compound or our development plans. We will disclose those details at the appropriate time as the program matures.
Barclays: Second question 40093 is a selective inhibitor of PI3K delta. We are currently exploring its safety and biological activity in the Phase I trial. We are not going to provide at this time greater detail on the compound or our development plans. We will disclose those details at the appropriate time as the program matures.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: It sounds like Jim has been doing some work on the TB opportunity. You mentioned the next situation of therapist to be longer there. Do you have any estimate for the percent of patients with TB who might be appropriate for second line Jakafi therapy?
Jim Daly: Yes, we believe that 20% to 30% of the 100,000 patient population would fit the criteria for being refractory to or intolerant of hydroxyurea.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Okay. And then just a quick one for Dave on cost of goods, can you update us on how much left has been, how much pre-expense inventory has left to be sold and that does work its way through the channel, what the gross margins going to be?
Dave Hastings: Sure. So for 2013 Eric we will continue to use the validation batches that we had clinically. So I would expect sometime in 2014 and what we've guided for in terms of overall cost sales are somewhere between 4% and 6%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Lazard Capital Markets.
Josh Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets: As the topline grows now going forward, you are so close to profitability. Do you expect starting next year to be profitable and growing the bottom line or is the strategy to more use the topline growth to broaden R&D effort? How do we think about modeling going forward?
Jim Daly: Yes, I think it's important to note that we really believe that the pipeline at Incyte is developing an investment and its offer the very high return on -- potential high return for our shareholders and we're going to continue to invest into. So we are not giving any guidance in terms of when we will be profitable, but certainly we believe that the company is in excellent shape financially, strong cash position with multiple sources of cash flow now, including royalties and strong milestone flow to come. We reduced our leverage and we are really in a strong position to continue our investments in the pipeline.
Josh Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets:  Then maybe a quick question on 39110, why do you feel you need three different Phase III studies to explore the difference in JAK1, JAK2 versus JAK1 as opposed to maybe adding some new innovative indications, whether its reasonable either proof of concept or expectation for success?
Jim Daly:  You said Phase III, did you mean Phase II?
Josh Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets:  Yeah, of course Phase II, thank you.
Jim Daly: Well, we wanted to go to places in which there where data already in the public domain on JAK1, JAK2 to be able to see how this may differentiate, but not necessarily committing to development in those same indications that were there. So as we move into the next stage development, we may not be limited or even focused necessarily on those same indications, but it was going to be harder I think in a relatively short term with relatively small studies to start exploring indications for which we didnt know what the effect of JAK1, JAK2 inhibitors were. Now there are some other indications, for example Pfizer has data in inflammatory valve disease for which there was some data out there, but those trials are hard to enroll quickly and we wanted something where we can get results into 2013 timeframe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Do Kim with Piper Jaffray.
Do Kim - Piper Jaffray: First question was for you Jim, just curious about the sensitive (inaudible)?
Jim Daly: This is Jim. I am guessing that the question was talk about the sensitivity you have in distinguishing between a new patient and repeat patient?
Do Kim - Piper Jaffray: That is correct.
Jim Daly: Okay, I think that is a good question. And there is some noise in the data, we have become increasingly more sophisticated in how we try to separate signal from noise. So we believe that our assessment of new patient starts is directionally consistent over time. And therefore as when we say that new patients start [backing assistant] we have good reliability on that. As you point out there is a sensitivity between new patients and repeat patients. To the extent that we overstate new patients we will be understating repeat and therefore understating our persistence, so its a closed system and there is some compensatory practice there, but as we look at total bottles being sold clearly with the 15% quarter-over-quarter, we are seeing very nice growth both in persistence and in new patients.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Navdeep Singh with Goldman Sachs.
Lisa Zhang - Goldman Sachs: Hi, this is Lisa Zhang in for Navdeep Singh. Thanks for taking my question. So, do you believe you can still match the Jakafi growth seen and now expected in 2013, also in 2014 given a potentially new and change in 2014?
Dave Hastings: It's too early for us to be giving specific 2014 guidance, but as we look forward to 2014, clearly we do have a competitor. I think the share that competitor will take will be a function of the data and the profile that they present at ASH and there also will be a function how will they execute. We think we are in a very strong production, our data continues to build very nicely, whether it'd be survival, whether it'd be fibrosis and we'll left the competitors to speak about their product, but we'll be looking very closely at off-target GI toxicity, we'll be looking at durability response and we're confident that it'll be very difficult to displace Jakafi as first line treatment in MF. Having said that, we think it will be helpful to market growth to have a second entrant, having more people talk about the need to treat should expand the overall market and we think whatever share impact we have should be more than offset by market growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Skip Klein with Gauss Capital.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Yeah, two quick ones please, thanks. One for Dave, the $9.8 million [case] of the convertible debt holders, was that paid in cash or stock and can you give me rough estimate what the savings were versus the interest over the life of the convert?
Dave Hastings: Yes, we paid that on cash and the interest savings are a little bit over $7 million over the life of the convert.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: And then for Jim, is there any way you could help me, I mean I like wake up at night thinking about duration of therapy believe it or not. And I was wondering if there are any sort of [meters] or bounds if you can give us on you know duration of therapy in MF, what could it be, what are the ranges and the same thing in [PV]. And if you don't feel comfortable with specifics, is there an example of an oncology compound that we can look at, its on the market that you kind of use as an exemplar.
Jim Daly: The answer to that question, I think it is important to separate the idea of discontinuation rate or persistence versus duration of treatment, and duration of treatment assuming you have a patient successfully benefiting from the drug and tolerating the drug, that's the function of how long they live. So I will defer the risk to comment on survival of MF patients versus survival of PV patients and what we've seen in Phase II studies with the extension. But if you look at persistence or discontinuation rate, what we said in the past and we believe it today is that we should be able to keep 70% to 80% of the patients on the product for the first 12 months. Now if you look at the Phase II COMFORT-I, COMFORT-II you had a 14% discontinuation rate at six months 18% and at 12 months, that's probably an unrealistic hurdle, but having a 20% to 30% discontinuation rate at the end of 12 months we think that's achievable and we are working towards that goal. So I'll ask Rich to comment on the overall of treatment that you may see in MF versus PV.
Rich Levy: Yes, so Jim basically gave you the key data in terms of what we're seeing in the clinical trials, remembering that those clinical trials didnt include patients with the lowest platelet counts. So those are very sick patients we're not showing included in those trials making them really hard to absolutely meet those numbers, but what we did see as an example and Jim made reference to this, I think, in his prepared remarks was that we expect longer duration in therapy in PV. And so last year we actually presented a three-year follow-up in PV and again in the clinical trial setting, 75% for the patients were still on drug at three years as opposed to about 50% still on drug at three years in the comparable Phase II MF trial, indicating that where the absolute numbers may never be matched in the clinic, the ratio about twice as long duration of therapy at least as measured at three years in PV versus MF probably is a realistic estimate, but again we will have to launch the product and see how that goes over time.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Fair to say that patients feel better, they dont feel worse, like in many hypertension and the data supports them feeling better and supports the physician and the payer being willing to pay for. I guess the other piece that you really didnt comment on is treating earlier aspect, what were you gaining at the front end you think over time? Is it much as six months or nine months or 12 months by getting them earlier and convincing the doctors and the patients going to the doctors, I want to be put on those drug. There is survival benefit, there is fibrosis benefit, put me on the drug. So is it six months or 12 months?
Rich Levy: So if you look at the reasons for discontinuations in the market place, a fair number of those are because of anemia and thrombocytopenia. What indicates in the clinical trials where they were very well managed and the doses were adjusted, but as you start earlier you are that in the sense means last anemia and thrombocytopenia baseline, which it gives those patients a better chance to be treated longer and of course in PV, where they dont have anemia and thrombocytopenia, they have too many red cells and in those cases more platelets than they need. Those are actually benefited from that reasons to discontinue. So starting earlier should lead to quite a bit longer treatment but have quantify that they at least start six months, are you just going to get six more months of treatment or are you going to get many more years of treatment, that I really couldnt speculate on.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Canaccord.
Andrew Goldsmith - Canaccord Genuity: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. This is Andrew Goldsmith on the line for Salveen. I just had a couple of related questions, on Europe. I was wondering if you could talk a little about the one time issues in Q2 that led to kind of the small decrease in revenue. And then similarly what went into the kind of delay in getting a third contributor for pricing.?
Jim Daly:  Yes, well, I think Novartis is the definitive source on that, but what they have shared with us is with respect to the non-recurring events, one of those was destocking in Germany and that is pretty typical for a product launch in Germany and the other was a one-time accrual reversal in France. And then with respect to the reimbursement, I think as you know right now Europe is a very difficult marketplace in terms of reimbursement. And I think we just had a not unexpected year credit delay with the second major market and we were confident that we will get third major market in the first half of next year.
Andrew Goldsmith - Canaccord Genuity: And any other event I mean in the second half or you think (inaudible)?
Jim Daly: I am sorry.
Andrew Goldsmith - Canaccord Genuity: I am sorry, do you see any other of this kind of one-time events coming in second half?
Jim Daly: No, again I would defer to Novartis on that, but to the best of our knowledge we got these one-time events behind us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Boris Peaker with Oppenheimer.
Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer: I just had a question on clinical studies ongoing, you have highlighted a number of upcoming data release, but you also mentioned that there is a number of investigator sponsor trails. I am just curious if you could summarize some of the investigators sponsor trials and when we may see some of that data?
Jim Daly: Yeah, so we are selecting -- there are number of things selling that some of which are higher on our radar screen than others. We have a couple of cancers going on and breast cancer including triple negative breast cancer and inflammatory breast cancer. We have studies ongoing in lymphoma and there are just reasonable number of other things going on but I dont think its necessarily keeping all in my head. Certainly some of them are still related to myelofibrosis including combination therapies and uses in myelofibrosis and other setting for just pre-transplant, but in terms of new potential indications, those are the ones that come to mind there. We also actually do have some IFTs with some of our other products including IDO inhibitor and it was mentioned in the prepared remarks there is an IFT starting in late stage MDS with our IDO inhibitor. So a number of interesting things timeline wise, but that's really something that isn't very hard to predict. And that's the -- the upside of IFTs is lot of things you can do without spending a lot of time on them, but the downside is we really don't have anywhere near the control of the timelines that we have when we do studies ourselves.
Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer: Is there any particular maybe IFT that is high in your radar that may inform some kind of an internal development decision or most of these that kind of early exploratory at this point?
Jim Daly: Well, I think they are all geared towards helping us make investment decisions to further develop into ourselves and I do think that solid tumors with Ruxolitinib for example, a lot of that is going also depend upon the result of RECAP as well as the IFTs that are reading out and in terms of liquid tumors, I think that the lymphoma study is one a particular interest to us.
Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer: Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Matt Roden with UBS.
Matt Roden - UBS: Great, thanks so much for taking the follow-up. I just want to come back to this PV problem questions. Jim, you mentioned that you're sticking with few numbers a 100,000 problems in the U.S. 20% or 30% addressable. When you think about the addressable numbers, when you I guess it's just a methodology question, do you get that percent based on an estimate of how many patients are hydroxyurea-refractory or intolerant or is it just, do you think of it in terms of a proportion or an absolute number because if the number is really 150 then that has implications. Thanks.
Jim Daly: We do it as a proportion, Matt. It's based on an extremely large, we did a thousand patient chart on it and that's how we derive the 20% to 30% estimate. So it is proportionate to the overall universe, so if its 150,000 that we have upside and so that's one estimate that we would mind being wrong on.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up question from the line of Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually Matthew on for Ian. Just two quick questions if I may for Jim and Rich regarding 110, you keep focusing on differentiation and the need to focus versus other JAKs particularly on the efficacy front but it seems like thinking about things from a safety point of view the markets really wide open and so I'm just, we are just wondering why not focus on safety, why [research] is coming to be such a high bar and internally in terms of differentiation?
Rich Levy: So one of the issues with respect to Phase 2 is the size of the population in order to be able to really assess what the long term risks are of infrequent things. So if you look at tofacitinib as an example know where they get 5000 patients and they studied them for many years and now they're having some issues particularly in Europe. Those, unless you actually have a problem, it's not something that you are likely to pick up in relatively small Phase II. So and what we're doing right now is really focusing on the things that we can see within the Phase 2 trial and just making sure that we're not running into any issues related to immuno-suppression. Now, of course we do avoid JAK3 with both our JAK1, JAK2 inhibitors as well as our selective JAK1 inhibitors which gives us a likelihood of having -- not having the same immunosuppressive issues that tofacitinib does but we just dont have studies designed at this stage to able to prove that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and if I could just squeeze in one last one please, regarding pancreatic cancer Phase 2, can you give us a sense or help set expectations for what you are viewing or how you are defining good data that would support advancement into Phase 3 versus say one of the other back up compounds? Thank you very much.
Rich Levy: I mean, we look at hazard ratios and I think thats the most important thing and hazard ratios tell us two things. One, they tell us what the likelihood of success is and whether it's worthy investment and they also tell us what the size of the patient population, what the size of the study would need to do in Phase 3 in order to be able to adequately power the study. And so, I dont have any particular number in mind in terms of what it is, it is our go-hazard ratio but it was just a barely, small difference, not only was that taken to question the likelihood of success, but also the size of the study would be necessary. So we would be looking for something that would be both highlight for the success and manageable and in terms of differentiation between other compounds, I mean I think that's more driven by the ability to combine ruxolitinib with various chemotherapies than it is based on hazard ratios. 
Operator: Mr. Friedman, appears we have no further questions at this time, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Paul Friedman: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We certainly appreciate your time and we're looking to a busy second half of the year and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Thank you and with that we'll end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Paul Friedman - President & Chief Executive Officer Jim Daly - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Dave Hastings - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Rich Levy - Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development & Medical Officer Eric Siegel - Executive Vice President & General Counsel Pamela Murphy - Vice President, Investor Relations & Communications
Analysts:
Do Kim - Piper Jaffray: Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Matthew Roden - UBS Heather Behanna - JMP Securities Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Andrew Jappy - Canaccord Christina Zhang - Barclays Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Rachel McMinn - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch David Friedman - Morgan Stanley Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors Josh Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets Matt Palmer - Oppenheimer 
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation, first quarter 2013 earnings call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you Ms. Murphy. You may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes first quarter, 2013 conference call. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Daly, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer; and Eric Siegel, Executive Vice President and General Counsel.  Paul will begin with a brief overview of the quarter, then Dave will describe our first quarter financial results and Jim will follow with an update on the ongoing commercialization of Jakafi. Paul will close with a description of the rest of the pipeline and then open up the call for Q&A.  Before beginning, we like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans for Jakafi, and other indications, as well as other compounds in our pipeline.  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and from time-to-time in our other SEC documents. Paul.
Paul Friedman : Good morning everyone. The first quarter was quite productive for Incyte. We had solid growth for Jakafi, which is obviously important from a revenue perspective, but the new prescription also represent patients who may experience the benefits of the first FDA approved treatment for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis.  At the same time we continue to progress the development of Jakafi and other potential indications. Phase III response study of Jakafi in polycythemia vera is fully enrolled and expected to read out in early 14, and the results from the Phase II recap study of Jakafi in pancreatic cancer are expected in the second half of this year. These are important potential growth catalysts for Jakafi in new patient populations with high unmet medical need.  Later in the call Ill share some more information with you about the pipeline and Jim will outline activities that we believe will lead to continued solid growth for Jakafi. But first, Ill turn the call over to David to review our financial performance in the first quarter. 
Dave Hastings : Thanks Paul and good morning everybody. Lets begin with Jakafi, for which we recorded $48.3 million of first quarter net product revenues. Additionally we recorded $5.9 million in product royalties from Novartis, for sales for Jakavi outside the United States.  In addition we announced that week that we earned a $25 million milestone from Novartis, based on the formal initiation of a Phase II clinical trial, the c-MET Inhibitor 28060. This amount will be received and recorded as revenue in the second quarter.  Our gross net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $5.1 million or 9.5% for the first quarter. As I mentioned in our last call, we expected our growth to net adjustment to be higher in the first quarter than the rest of the year, because of our share of the doughnut hole for Medicare Part B patients. We still expect that our full year gross net adjustment will range from 8% to 9%.  Our cost of goods sold for the first quarter was immaterial, as our starting to finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. In terms of operating expenses, SG&A was within our expectations, while R&D expense came in slightly below our expectations.  From a cash perspective we ended the quarter with $270 million. This is a strong cash position and we have multiple sources of cash flow now. Therefore we are well positioned to fund our growth.  Jim will now provide more color around Jakafi performance in the first quarter. Jim. 
Jim Daly : Thank you Dave and good morning everyone. Our first quarter results reflect continued solid execution of our growth strategy for Jakafi in MF. We added new patients at a steady rate consistent with the previous quarters, while making gradual but meaningful improvement in persistency.  In terms of quarter-over-quarter growth, net revenues grew 12% with the following components of growth. Underlying demand is measured by bottles dispensed and accounts for approximately 7%, net price accounted for approximately 2%, and inventory accounted for approximately 3%. Channel inventories remain within a consistent normal range of 3 to 3.5 weeks.  In the quarter we continue to add new patients at a steady rate. Roughly half of new patient starts came from new prescribers, with the remaining half coming from repeat prescribers. We continue to make inroads with our target physicians. We believe later adopters are motivated by an increased awareness of the overall survival data presented at ASH, while exiting prescribers are motivated by the impressive improvement in spleen volume and constitutional symptoms they are seeing in their MF patients.  Through the first quarter, more than 40% of our target prescribers have prescribed Jakafi at least once and about one-third of those have written for two or more patients. We expect breadth and depth of prescribing to continue to expand, driven by one, educational programs to help physicians identify appropriate new patients, including those who do not carry the JAK2 V617F mutation. We continue to reinforce the fact that Jakafi is targeted to the JAK pathway and not necessarily any particular mutation.  Number two, programs including direct to patient and allied health professional activities to assist MF patients in communicating their symptoms to their physicians; and finally three, positive experience as a catalyst to treat more patients.  Turing to persistency, we continue to see increasing use of lower dosage strengths, which is driven by physicians individualizing treatment, in particular by starting patients at appropriate doses and titrating downward if medically necessary.  In the first quarter of 2013, five and 10 milligrams strengths represented approximately 44% of dispensed bottles, versus 37% in the first half and 41% in the second half of last year. Absent the use of dose titration or lower doses, patients with low baseline hemoglobin and/or platelet accounts are at the highest risk for discontinuation in the first eight to 12 weeks.  The use of lower doses in these populations is increasing and we expect the trend to continue as a result of (1) rapid and appropriate follow-up by our field base sales and medical teams with new prescribes; (2) enhanced outreach to patients through Incyte cares and specialty pharmacies; (3) increased awareness by prescribers of additional dose titration data from ASH. Additionally, we now have data from our studies of patients with low platelets and we expect expanded dosing guidance in our label sometime in the second quarter.  To assist physicians in titrating patients appropriately, we introduced the Jakafi dose modification program late in the first quarter, which enables physicians to order a lower strength bottle of Jakafi free of charge, for any patient requiring a dose titration in 21 days or less from receiving their last prescription.  The objective of this program is to make it as easy as possible, both financially and administratively for a physician to down titrate to the most appropriate dose for a given patient. While early in its implementation, we are seeing active utilization of the program and it is serving as an effective tool to highlight the importance of dose modification, especially during the first eight to 12 weeks of treatment.  In summary, our first quarter performance is consistent with our expectations for steady growth in dispensed bottles, largely driven by new patients and a realistically achievable improvement and persistency. We remain confident in our ability to deliver our guidance of $210 million to $225 million in net sales in 2013.  In a moment Paul will talk about our pipeline, which had near, mid and long term catalysts. Im especially excited about the PV indication for Jakafi. With the response route fully recruited, the commercial team is actively preparing for a potential approval and launch by the end of next year.  Now Ill turn it back to Paul. 
Paul Friedman : Okay, thanks Jim. Ill start with Jakafi. While abstracts for ASCO havent been posted, the titles are now public and there is an oral presentation involving Jakafi, entitled Exploratory Analysis of the Effect of Ruxolitinib on Bone Marrow Morphology in Patients with Myelofibrosis.  The lead author, professor Hans-Michael Kvasnicka, a world recognized hematopathologist from [Agartha] (ph) University, Germany, is exploring the effects of treatment on bone marrow fibrosis in this patient population.  While its not appropriate for me to provide detail about the ASCO presentation, I can tell you that the preliminary findings originally presented by European leukemia net chair, professor Tiziano Barbui, at a closed session of the EON Annual meeting in February, suggests that long term use of Jakafi, slows the rate of advancement of bone marrow fibrosis compared to matched historical controls, and with some patients can result in a reduction in the amount of bone marrow fibrosis. So were looking forward to this presentation at ASCO in June.  Our most advanced programs in Jakafi are in polycythemia vera and pancreatic cancer. We expect to see results from response to PB trial were conducting in partnership with Novartis in early 14, which keeps us on track to file a supplemental NDA in the first half of 14.  Our second trial in PV called RELIEF is evaluating symptomatic benefit, and while this study is not part of the SPA, the Special Protocol Assessment agreement with the FDA, and is therefore not required for FDA approval. When completed we do plan to submit results to support labeling claims on symptomatic benefit in PV.  In the second half of this year we expect to have results from recap, the double blind Phase II trial in patients with pancreatic cancer, in which overall survival is the primary endpoint. As we previously mentioned, the trials drug safety and monitoring board conducted a pre specified interim analysis of safety, as well as efficacy at the end of 2012 and recommended that the study continued to completion.  As there is ample evidence suggesting this regulation of the JAK pathway plays a key role in a variety of malignancies, including solid tumors beyond pancreatic cancer. Its of interest to evaluate the therapeutic potential of ruxolitinib, as well our other JAK inhibitors in additional malignancies.  In particular, given the importance of cytotoxic chemotherapy to many first and second lined solid tumor treatment regiments, weve initiated an open label Phase I trial of ruxolitinib in combination with chemotherapy, in patients with advanced solid tumors, to better understand the tolerability of ruxolitinib when combined with myelosuppressive agents. From the results anticipated in 2014, we expect to establish the maximum dose of ruxolitinib tolerated when used in combination with given chemotherapeutic regiments.  Our first proprietary JAK1 inhibitor, INCB39110 is being studied in proof of concept trials in myelofibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis. Results from these trials should help us select the most appropriate indications for further development. We plan to share these results at appropriate scientific meetings in the second half of this year.  Now we have a second JAK1 inhibitor, INCB47986, which has now entered Phase I clinical development. Having two distinct JAK1 inhibitor compounds gives us a greater number of options with the program, including the opportunity to pursue both oncologic and chronic inflammatory indications, but with distinct molecules.  We are planning to start a study this summer with one of our JAK1 inhibitors in combination with chemotherapy to better understand how JAK1 inhibitors could be used in this setting and were going to be able to compare the results with what weve seen with ruxolitinib in a similar patient group.  Our second JAK 1, JAK2 inhibitor baricitinib, licensed to Lilly, is in Phase III for rheumatoid arthritis. There are also two ongoing Phase II trials evaluating baricitinib as a treatment for psoriasis and for diabetic nephropathy respectively. In addition to our JAK programs, theres several other compounds in clinical development such as our c-MET inhibitor, as well as an indoleamine dioxygenase or IDO inhibitor.  The c-MET inhibitor, INCB28060 is licensed to Novartis and they recently initiated a Phase II clinical trial, evaluating the compound as monotherapy in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.  Our IDO inhibitor for immunologic treatment of tumors is in Phase II development for melanoma and for ovarian cancer. The results of a Phase I study of the compound will be the subject of poster presentation at ASCO. The program has also generated interest among other researchers, with three investigator sponsor trials being readied for initiation.  Beyond these programs we have several early stage programs that address attractive oncologic targets, that link well with ruxolitinib and our current development pipeline, and Id expect to see some of these programs enter the clinic this year and early next year.  With that operator, lets open the lines for questions please. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Roden, your line is live. Our next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question. 
Do Kim - Piper Jaffray: Hi. This is actually Do Kim in for Ian. A couple of questions; we were wondering if you saw any sense of seasonality in the Jakafi sales number, given the sort of general weakness reported by most of the other pharma and biotech companies and also as we look ahead to the dose titration label update, how should we think about its impact on second half sales in terms of growth persistence and new patient adds? Thank you. 
Paul Friedman: Yes, on the question with respect to seasonality, as you indicated, the first quarter is usually the most difficult for a couple of reasons, particularly from products that are relatively expensive and have a significant percentage of reimbursement through Medicare Part D, because you have patients reentering the donut hole and you have deductibles being reset.  As we look at the fourth quarter prescriptions and compare them to the first quarter prescription, we probably had a small level of what we call shoebox prescriptions, where patients may try to get their last prescription in December after they are through the donut hole and after their deductible has been fully met, and so there is a slight drop off in the first quarter, but I wouldnt say it was significant. As you see, our underlying demand remained strong in the first quarter. So I think we were able to power through that.  The other issue is that we simply had a reduced number of shipping days in the first quarter. The first quarter had 52 shipping days versus 64 in the fourth quarter. But despite that, I think we had a very solid first quarter and we carried good momentum in to the second.  Regarding the persistence trend and the new patient start trends for the rest of the year, we are not going to quantify those beyond what we said in the prepared remarks, but we are encouraged by the fact that the new patient starts remain strong, consistent with previous quarters, and we are seeing gradual, but important improvement in persistence, and those two drivers give us the confidence that well achieve our guidance for the year. 
Do Kim - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions; a couple of them for you. First of all, has been any feedback from the field regarding potential concerns over PML and what would you expect the underlined incidents to be in myelofibrosis, and then I have a follow-up. 
Jim Daly: Hi Cory, this is Jim. Cory, weve had zero feedback from the field regarding PML and now Ill turn it over to...
Paul Friedman: Yes Rich, I dont think you can put a percentage on it. Its a rare enough entity that in Myelofibrosis and Myeloproliferative Neoplasms, its just, I dont think you can put a percentage on. 
Rich Levy: Its hard to do. I mean when we look back at the FDA database from several years ago, there were a number of different drugs that were looked at and there were more cases than you might expect. But when you look at the literature, and when you know that there is going to be under reporting, even for things like PML.  So its hard to say exactly. But its not going to be a big number, spontaneous or with the use of a drug, but its also not to say that you would never expect another one to happen, even in the absence of the drug. 
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan : Okay. And then next question is just more on the relative breakdown in the Jakafi doses being used. So its encouraging that the 5 and 10 mg doses continue to increase. But Im wonder, is there any pushback at all on using those lower does. I guess I want to get your sense on if we should expect that 44% shortage you have now to keep growing and become in time, kind of represent the vast majority of initial prescriptions. Thanks. 
Paul Friedman: Yes, I wouldnt necessarily say initial Cory. Whether its starting dose and/or titration, we do expect the 5 and 10 to increase as a share of total doses. So we would expect to see that 44% grow over time. 
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Matthew Roden - UBS: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on the progress and thanks for getting me back in here. I just wanted to get into the gross net a little bit. Im trying to better understand what the potential impact or the financial impact was of the donut hole in particular.  And also in inventories you talk about, inventory accounted for 3% of the sequential growth, but Im just trying to understand if that represents a build or if thats just the growth thats commensurate with the growth in demand, underlying demand, and then I have a pipeline question if I may. 
Dave Hastings: On the gross to net, as we discussed on the prepared remarks, came in at about 9.5%, but the guidance overall did not change. So our gross net for the year should range somewhere between 8% and 9%. So that should give you a sense for the impact on the increased donut hole exposure for the quarter. The inventory are at normal levels, so its really commensurate with the growth in product sales. 
Matthew Roden - UBS: Okay, understood. And then on the pipeline, Paul or Rich, can you speak to the differences between your two JAK1 inhibitors? Is there something really different between these two products that you would need to bring sort of complementary assets for those or just the question of being or to cover more indications across cancer and information? 
Paul Friedman: Well, so they are different in terms of, they have a distinct pharmacokinetic difference and I just would like to leave it at that.  The first compound has turned out to be much more interesting than I frankly thought it was going to be. Its a very nice compound, and we are looking forward to presenting our results on that compound and the three indications at which we are looking at the second half of the year.  We did with JAK1, JAK2 want and I think it turned out to be the right way to go, to have a distinct compound for inflammatory diseases and one for oncologic indications and that resulted in Ruxolitinib and Baricitinib and we are taking the same approach here. But the second compound, its early days and I just dont think I can say much more than that.  Rich, do you have anything else to add to that? 
Rich Levy: No. 
Matthew Roden - UBS: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please proceed with our question.  Heather Behanna - JMP Securities Hi, good morning. Its Heather in for Liisa. Just a quick question; if you could give us any more color just sort of about how persistence rates have continued over time and just give us a little more color on new patients versus continuing patients. 
Paul Friedman: I cant give you much more color than what we give you in the prepared comments. Our best quantification of persistence right now is seen in our ability to drive titration and use of lower doses and we are seeing that happening. Again, our new patient starts a very consistent.  As we have communicated previously, we do expect to see a very modest deceleration in new patient starts, more weighted towards the back end of the year than the front-end of the year, and we do expect to see a modest, but important increase in persistence over the course of the year and thats really exactly what we are seeing. That takes us into our guidance to 210 to 225. 
Heather Behanna - JMP Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo:  Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a good quarter. Given the recent rejection of zelgen in Europe, I was wondering if you and your partner had any changes to the way you might approach the development of Baricitinib. Any tweaks you might make to the development program? And how confident are you in the differentiation of baricitinib from zelgens, such that you dont believe you would necessarily fall into the same pitfalls that they did. And I have a quick follow-up. 
Paul Friedman: So, this is Paul and then Ill ask Rich to add anything that he thinks I didnt cover or didnt make clear enough and I really think at the end of the day, the question is best posed to Lilly, but we certainly can pine on it and there is some very important aspects to the question that you asked.  In particular, we all listened to the advisory committee that was conducted with Pfizer, and based on what we learned during that, and knowing what Pfizers Phase III study was, we used the learnings from the Pfizer structure study to do a couple of things.  One is to increase the sample size, and the second, very importantly, was to enrich for patients more at risk in the RA population for structural deterioration in the absence of effective treatment. And so we, and I believe Lilly remained quite confident in the ability to demonstrate an improvement in structure in the target population.  Beyond that, and I think importantly, although the proof will be in the pudding when Phase III is complete or that the Phase II data with baricitinib, its a JAK inhibitor that spares JAK 3 in contrast to tofacitinib. The Phase II has not been associated with opportunistic interactions, other than a few cases of uncomplicated zoster, shingles for example or with malignancies.  And while the Phase III data will be important to confirm this profile, we may well see a better risk benefit profile than we have seen with tofacitinib. And so we remain confident in the potential approval for Baricitinib for RA in the EU, as well as in the United States and around the world. Rich. 
Rich Levy: Yes, the only thing Id add is, I think that because tofacitinib is going to potentially be approved with the 5-milligram dose and not the 10, and they had their positive structure data at 10, I think that also had an effect.  And with respect to Baricitinib, the 4-milligram dose, it was at the top dose that Lilly is studying, is looking really good, looked really good in Phase II from a safety perspective, as well as from and efficacy perspective. They have MRI data, even though they havent had x-ray data to support that it was going to have effects on bone. They have that data from their MRI studies.  So as Paul said, we think its going to be safe enough to have the top doses go through, and that should with the enhanced design of the structure study come out positive. So I think in some ways we are looking at this as an opportunity. 
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo: Thats very helpful, thanks. And then just one quick follow-up and Ill hop back into queue. With the trials, the Phase II for 110 and continuing to move along, can you give us any more clarity on which of those trial readouts we might expect in the back half of this year? Thanks. 
Paul Friedman: Yes. So the psoriasis study may very well get presented at EADV, I think which is in October in Istanbul I believe. The rheumatoid arthritis data may very well get presented at ACR, and the myelofibrosis data may very well get presented at ASH. But all of those, none of them have been  either some of them have not even been submitted yet and others have not heard back until theyll be accepted for presentation. Should any of those not happen, well think about backup plans or potentially just top line fairly than otherwise expected. 
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Canaccord. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Jappy - Canaccord: Hi, this is Andrew on the line for Salveen. My question is on the pancreatic cancer, kind of how we should think about the expectations there, and what you need to see in that trial to maybe get a label expansion. If theres any significant improvement in OS that would be necessary or would you need to go to Phase III. Thanks. 
Paul Friedman: Okay. So the study was designed as clearly a Phase II study, one that where we did not have expectations, but this study by itself would lead to any type of approval, accelerated or otherwise. In pancreatic cancer would be the idea of being that wed mostly likely need to go Phase III.  Is there a possibility that the results could be so robust that we might actually approach FDA, trying to get an accelerated approval on this, based on a commitment to do a second study later? Its possible, but I wouldnt suggest that thats our expectation.  And in terms of things like what does the hazard ratio need to be, it has to be in a range where we feel comfortable that its worth doing another study, that wouldnt be so large, and I think theres a good chance that that will be the case. But in terms of a hazard ratio that would be necessary for FDA to consider this as a basis of approval by itself, I really wouldnt want to try to predict that.  Things are changing a little bit. At FDA, theres more emphasis on breakthrough drugs. The oncology divisions have been calling a lot of things, breakthrough drugs lately, so I dont know that you can necessarily just go on past experience, given the changes that are going on down there right now. 
Andrew Jappy - Canaccord: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
Christina Zhang  Barclays: Hi, this is Christina on behalf of Ying Huang. I know you mentioned that you are planning to net the RA data for your preparatory JAK 110, potentially at ACR. But I just wanted to see if there was any more data on the 12 design, given that I didnt see it listed on criticaltrials.gov, but I did see the MSN psoriasis trails on there. Thanks. 
Paul Friedman: Im pretty sure it has to be on clinicaltrials.gov, I just dont know what the  right now wed initially done some one-month data, which was kind of an accelerating dosing paradigm with a few placebo patients included. Once we got toxicology data to be able to allow us to do three months, we are now doing parallel groups of, I believe three or four different doses plus placebo.  The study is not big by any means. These are not meant to be studies that would go directly to Phase III, but they gives us a real sense of what the drug does in this indication, in the sense of the doses that may be necessary in a variety of anti-inflammatory indications.  And its a three 12-week readout not as apposed to the one-week readout we had before. And I expect that if this was to be accepted for presentation at ACR, we would present both, the results of the one-month data, as well as the updated three-month data. 
Christina Zhang  Barclays: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Thanks for taking my questions. Intrigue by Richs comment, that the Phase II pancreatic trial has a good chance of producing a good enough hazard ratio to go to Phase III and also I guess about your decision to start the gem/abraxane combo study ahead of reporting out the Phase II data. What do you guys know or see about the Phase 2 trial? 
Rich Levy: Maybe I misheard you or maybe you misheard me. I said I didnt think there was a good chance that the data would be strong enough to go directly to a registration, just because its a small study, its a 135 patients. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: But Rich, I thought you said it would be most likely supportive of a Phase III trial, based on the Phase II showing a good enough hazard ratio. 
Rich Levy: Thats not based on data. I think the rationale that weve had all along has been a good one, and what I was trying to say is that one of the considerations would be how large the study would need to be in order to go to Phase III, depending upon the hazard ratio that we actually see.  All we know in terms of data is that it past the futility analysis, which means that the study had at least 30% power after that analysis. And so now that Ive clarified that, can you remind me what youre specific question was?
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Thats what I wanted to know. I guess that you dont see the data and you dont have any other knowledge than what the DSLV elected to do. 
Rich Levy: Thats correct. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Okay. And then as a second question, maybe for Jim, on the potential impact from this new dose titration program, is it possible we would see negative sales impact in Q2 as more patients select the free few weeks of drug? 
Jim Daly : No. We dont anticipate any negative revenue impact. If anything Eric, I think youll see a positive revenue impact longer-term. We just implemented and in the past several weeks, but we are seeing good activity, but we dont anticipate any negative revenue impact from it. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Okay, thanks. And then last question for Dave if I may, it looks like you saw 4% pricing benefit last quarter from the November price hike, another 2% this quarter, adding up to maybe 6%. Is that all we are going to see as the 9% hike? Are you going to basically recognize about two-thirds of that or is there more to come? 
Dave Hastings : Well, I think thats basically it, right? I mean that will be fully baked in going forward at this point, Eric. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: So in general for your price hikes, we should assume about two-thirds will be realized? 
Paul Friedman: Lets have that one back. If the price increased November 16, absent any increase in gross to net, we would have realized a 5% price increase in the quarter. 
Dave Hastings : Yes, the 2% is that and net of the gross in that impact there. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Okay, so we probably will see a little more price hike, because you dont have the same gross to net in Q2. 
Dave Hastings: Thats correct. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question. 
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, I have two questions. As we go into ASCO, I wanted to try to pick your brain Rich or Paul on how to think about the fibrosis remodeling data that were going to see for Jakafi.  A couple of years ago there was no improvement in fibrosis and that was considered a bad thing and now that we are seeing it, there is some discussion about, oh Im not sure how it matters, because fibrosis is not correlated to survival outcomes. So it seems like a circular argument to me, but I wanted to pick your brain on that.  And then just secondarily, just going back to the JAK1 inhibitor for a minute, you said before that its got to be differentiated from Baricitinib, in order for you to really invest in two inflammatory programs, and I wanted to again get your sense of, is that the proof that you are seeing. Is there something thats differentiated enough or we should expect the JAK1 inhibitor to be further developed in RA beyond just the Phase II? Thank you.
Paul Friedman: Okay. So first on this fibrosis. I mean in the past what we have seen was that we were not seeing a lot of reversal of fibrosis. As you can see, if you do a bone marrow transplant and then within six months to a year, you can often see less fiber in the marrow.  So its really only when you got to compare to a matched historical control of patients who had received HU, that we realize the main finding is that you are seeing less progression. Its progressing more slowly than that much control, and also that there are some patients and I cant release the percentage of patients that actually had decreases in the amount of fibrosis in the marrow.  So is that a game changer? I dont really think so. I mean, as you said, I dont know that that changes the view on  we know we have data out there saying theres an improvement in survival. It was dependent or independent of fibrosis, not sure it really makes a difference there.  But I think that probably some physicians out there that would be swayed by that sort of data that may have not been swayed by survival from studies that were not exactly planned around survival and that symptoms was one thing, maybe there will be some patients, maybe some physicians will start patients who are not as symptomatic, but I dont think its a game changer by any means and we can talk about it more when the data is actually presented.  With respect to the second question on differentiation, I mean its not just a question of differentiated from Baricitinib. Its a question of differentiation from the range of new competitors that may exist at the time, and so we are not going to get into what we may or may not know about our results at this time. We are saving that until we have more complete data and give some of those presentations at the meetings I talked about earlier, in both psoriasis and RA on the inflammation side.  But I will say that these are large investments and to bring these drugs to markets for these indications and I would not see us going forward just to have a late entry need to. So they would need to be some level of differentiation. 
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And just one quick one for me. Assume that PML is not going to be reported in the FDA label for Jakafi. Have you had your discussions with regulatory agencies, and thats just not an issue? 
Paul Friedman: Weve actually proposed, mention of PML in the package insert. Im not going to get into exactly where and how, and FDA has verbally been very much in agreement with what we had proposed. But they still havent made a final decision; maybe it needs to go up to other levels before it finally gets decided.  And were not going to try to speculate exactly what that is, but since weve actually proposed something there, I can give you a clear view that there will be something there, because they are not going to say dont put anything in. 
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Its just around the volume growth that you guys had this quarter. It looks like if I calculate, it was about 3 million of sort of organic volume growth, which is about half of what you guys reported last quarter and if this is the new steady-state, it puts you at the bottom end of guidance. So I guess Im just wondering what you think is going to change this year to reaccelerate the volume growth and the organic growth that puts you above that bottom end.
Jim Daly : Hi David, this is Jim. David I would be very careful drawing a trend line from fourth quarter to first quarter. Because as we mentioned earlier, you cant see some additional sales at end of the fourth quarter, and its generally as youve seen for the industry, its a pretty difficult comparison, fourth quarter versus first quarter.  Having said that, we remain very confident in our guidance, and quite frankly I think, let me send you right there, we remain very confident in $210 million and $225 million this year. 
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Skip Klein with Gauss Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Great, thank you. I was wondering if you could give a little bit of an update on the competitive environment, whats going on at the Galapagos still where the Jakarta study stands? 
Paul Friedman: So at Galapagos theyve announced they are I think doing 875 patients in Phase II, which is a very large Phase II program, which indicates that data has not yet been presented, but might be presented at UR for example, on their second one month study, with positive enough for them and have we to decide to continue to invest in this program, but in the absence of data, I cant comment further.  With respect to Sanofi and their JAK2 inhibitor in myelofibrosis, I mean weve never been that impressed with their Phase II data, in the sense that they had a fair amount of GI intolerance, not like its grade three or four GI intolerance, but why would you want to have that sort of profile when you dont need to; Jakafi does not have that.  Secondly, with the doses that they studied in the past theyve had even more anemia than our higher doses. So we recognize clearly that they are going to be coming out there with strategies and strategies of looking at so called Ruxolitinib or Jakafi failures, if such a thing actually exists. But I think once we actually see the data and then they actually have to promote on label, we dont really see a tremendous threat from them, but again we havent seen the Phase III data. 
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: And then still at YM, if you would? 
Paul Friedman: So that one still remains many years behind. We estimated its probably  I think we estimated it would probably be in late 15 or early 6 launch and they said that they would be starting Phase III in the second half of this year, which is coming up in a few months and its been pretty much radio silence in terms of anything there.  We think that that drug is not going to have some sort of magical effect on anemia that you dont see by just simply reducing the dose of ruxolitinib to about 10 milligrams twice a day and they do have some side effects that we dont have. But well get closer to it, when they are actually about three years and see where we stand. 
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Great. Thanks and then one quick follow-up. I didnt get an invitation, but is it possible that you have some champagne to celebrate the 4000 unique patients being put on drug, being put on Jakafi and/or the fact that you looked like you might have been positive cash flow in the quarter after adjusting for options and non-cash interest expense? Just questions you know, yes or no. 4000 patients look like theyve been put on drug, chemo I believe and it looks like your project is cash flow, but Im an old, tired analyst. 
Paul Friedman: One thing to keep in mind as you are looking at new patients being put on drug, about 10% of our patients are put on drugs through our patient access program. So as you are doing your models, I think that may be a factor that you want to keep in mind as well. 
Dave Hastings: And Skip we do have multiple sources of cash flow, so we appreciate you acknowledging that. We are in good shape from the cash position. 
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: So you have positive cash flow. I mean once you adjust for option expense and I dont know what you are spending on capital spending, but thats good, youre turning the corner. Which is bottom line, 4000 patients, whether they got free drugs or not have been put on this drug. 
Paul Friedman: Yes, we are really not commenting on a specific number of patients on the product Skip. 
Skip Klein - Gauss Capital Advisors: Okay. So you didnt open a bottle of champagne in the quarter. Okay, thanks a lot. Bye-bye. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Josh Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Two of them quickly, will you announce if and when any additional PML events occur on Jakafi or once thats in the label, do you not feel like you need to spread or update the Street.  And second, Jim maybe you can provide a little bit of color on the progress that you are making or establishing; Incytes standing in the MF community, either funding research conferences, other activities that reach beyond kind of the cornerstone and how thats been evolving over the course of this year. Thanks.
Jim Daly: So with respect to PML, I mean it kind of depends. We see an increase, we see something that is beyond what weve already seen, such as we say now we have won about 10,000 cases. If that was to go up, then I think wed probably say something. If there is another 10,000 patients on drugs, exposed to the drug before you see another one, then we probably wouldnt.  So its really a change in the view of the risk of the drug that I think would really result in that and that probably would also be the same approach to potential changes in labeling beyond that.  And can you repeat the second question about 
Paul Friedman : The second question was more directed towards me Josh, regarding what progress are we making to develop our relationships with key opinion leaders, and Josh I think thats one where its more productive to actually keep your head down and do the work rather than commenting on it on too frequent a basis, but obviously we have a long-term commitment to heal malignancy.  Jakafi is obviously the cornerstone, but as you hear more about our pipeline. We intend to be working very closely with these physicians, these oncology academic medical centers, with the societies on a long-term basis and clearly we are making the commitment to establish Incyte as really a scientific driver in this field. 
Josh Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Boris Peaker with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with you question. 
Matt Palmer  Oppenheimer: Good morning. This is Matt Palmer in for Boris. Thanks for taking the question. Two quick ones actually; how significant will label expansion be for low platelet patients on your target prescriber penetration or do you expect label expansion to have a significant effect on the current prescriber usage? 
Jim Daly : This is Jim. I think it will have a positive effect on both. We still have a significant number of new patient starts, where those patients have a baseline platelet count below 100,000, and I think the expanded label well help greatly with those.  I also think that there will probably be some spillover on the anemia side, which is if you manage Thrombocytopenia with a start low and go slow approach, its not a huge leap of faith for doctors to assume that thats a logical approach for patients with low hemoglobin as well. So, I think there will be a dual benefit both for new prescribers and current prescribers, but I think it will also extend beyond Thrombocytopenia to benefit anemia as well. 
Matt Palmer  Oppenheimer: Great, thank you. And secondly, you mentioned R&D was a little bit below expectations in the quarter. Should we expect some of these expenses to be shifted into the second quarter or later into the year? 
Dave Hastings : Yes, it was all timing. 
Matt Palmer  Oppenheimer: Okay, great, Thanks. 
Operator: Dr. Friedman, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments. 
Paul Friedman : Well, thank you and thank you all for your questions and for dialing in and listening today, and we look forward to providing you with further progress as we move forward. Thanks and with that we will end the call. Good morning. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy - VP, IR & Corporate Communications Paul Friedman - President & CEO Jim Daly - EVP & CCO Dave Hastings - EVP & CFO Rich Levy - EVP, Chief Drug Development & Medical Officer
Analysts: Matt Roden - UBS Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer Matt Lowe - JP Morgan Rachel McMinn - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Do Kim - Piper Jaffray Salveen Richter - Canaccord Genuity Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co Ying Huang - Barclays Bret Holley - Guggenheim Partners 
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Year End 2012 Earnings Call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you; Ms. Murphy, you may now begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incyte's fourth quarter 2012 conference call. With me today are Paul Friedman, Incyte's President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Daly, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. The agenda for the call is as follows. Paul will begin with a brief overview of the quarter and full year, particularly regarding the launch of Jakafi and share what we expect in terms of product revenues for 2013. Jim will follow with a full update on the launch and ongoing commercialization of Jakafi. Paul will then provide more detail on the pipeline followed by Dave who will describe our fourth quarter results and 2013 [Sic] financial guidance. After that we will open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, we like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for the commercialization of Jakafi, our development plans, and other indications, and our 2013 financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30th, 2012, and from time-to-time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul Friedman: Good morning. We'll start the call talking about Jakafi. But you can see from our financial guidance for R&D expenses that we're investing in much more than one product. Thanks to our extensive R&D efforts we have a robust pipeline that includes additional potential indications for Jakafi, as well as potential indications in inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis for our second JAK1, JAK2 inhibitor Baricitinib, which is being developed as part of our partnership with Lilly, who are also continuing to invest in our early stage program including our proprietary JAK1 inhibitors. We're confident that our pipeline will enable us to succeed as a growing biopharmaceutical company. That said, we certainly appreciate you wanting to hear upfront about the status of Jakafi for myelofibrosis. In 2012, we build a solid foundation for Jakafi as the first approved treatment for patients with intermediate or high risk MF. Through the year, we saw consistent and growing number of physicians use Jakafi and we saw consistent and growing number of patients benefit from treatment with Jakafi. Given these trends, we expect to see steady growth in treating this MF population over the next several years, and for 2013 we've set our net product revenue guidance in the range of $210 million to $225 million. This range reflects our expectations of the ongoing evolution of the myelofibrosis market including more physicians initiating Jakafi; renew appropriate patients and more physicians and patients successfully continuing Jakafi therapy as long as they experience clinical benefit. I'm going to now turn the call to Jim, who will further describe how our guidance represents a continuing sustainable demand.
Jim Daly: Thank you Paul, and good morning everyone. Our growth strategy for Jakafi MF to add new patient starts at a health rate, while keeping patients on treatment longer, yielded strong results in the fourth quarter. I'd like to thank our commercial and medical teams for their tireless efforts in educating physicians on the optimal use of Jakafi to benefit patients with intermediate or high risk MF. In terms of our quarter-over-quarter growth, when you exclude the $9 million in deferred revenue recognized in the third quarter, the adjusted net revenues grew by 25%, with the following components of growth. Underlying demand, as measured by dispensed bottles grew 17%, inventory 4%, price 4%. In the fourth quarter, new patient starts remained relatively stable, and our favorability to revenue guidance is attributable to early signs of improved persistence. We continue to see increasing use of lower dosage strengths, which are driven by physicians individualizing treatment, in particular by starting patients at appropriate doses and titrating downward as necessary. Our market research indicates that dose titration leads to increased persistence. The increased use of lower dosage is a direct result of our educational efforts in increased physician experience with Jakafi. And we expect this trend to continue in 2013, driven by rapid and appropriate follow-up by our field sales and medical teams with new prescribers, enhanced outreach the patients through our IncyteCARES Patient Support Program, and specialty pharmacies, and the publication of additional dose titration data from ASH. ASH was an important meeting for Jakafi. Not only did the meeting present additional new data to support individualized dosing, but also presented data on overall survival. This new information should help to motivate physicians to indentify additional appropriate MF patients in the practice and to work to keep them on treatment. Additionally, we now have data from our studies of patients with low platelet counts and we expect additional information in our label sometime in the second quarter that will provide greater clarity on starting dose for these patients. Our 2013 guidance reflects our confidence that we've substantial growth opportunities and meaningful catalyst at both the physician and the patient level. 12 months post launch we continue to see a steady increase in new prescribers and we continue to see an increase in the number of physicians prescribing Jakafi for multiple patients, with one-third of prescribers having written for two or more patients. Currently, roughly have of new patient starts come from new prescribers with the remaining half coming from repeat prescribers. We are confident in our ability to continue to increase both breadth and depth of physician prescribing in 2013. At the patient level, we continue to believe that the total population of patients with MF is between 16,000 and 18,500. And our addressable population of diagnosed intermediate or high risk MF patients is approximately 15,000. Growth opportunities at the patient level include the following. Educate and motivate physicians to identify appropriate new patients including, those who are Jakavi patient negative, but are still indicated and will benefit from Jakafi. Restart discontinued patients at a lower dose where appropriate and maintain patients on Jakafi longer to individualize dosing and titration especially during the first 8 to 12 weeks of treatment. Our guidance of $210 million to $225 million reflects consisting growth in dispense bottles, largely driven by new patients, and a realistically achievable improvement in length of treatment for continuing patients versus 2012. Furthermore, we anticipate that these market dynamics will enable consisting growth for Jakafi well beyond 2013 and at least until our next potential growth driver the PV indication. With that I'll turn it back to Paul.
Paul Friedman:  Okay. Thank you, Jim. While we're the first approved therapy in myelofibrosis, Jakafi has potential in additional hematologic settings, as well as in solid tumors. The most advanced of these settings and trials are in polycythemia vera and in pancreatic cancer. And we're studying Jakafi in two Phase III trials in PV. The first trail response being conducted under an SPA in partnership with Novartis is now fully recruited, which keeps us on track to submit a supplemental NDA in the first half of 2014. The FDA has granted fast track designation for PV and that's specifically for the treatment of patients who are resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea. The second trial in PV is called RELIEF, and it's evaluating symptomatic benefit. The study is not required for FDA approval but we intend to submit results to support labeling claims on symptomatic benefit in PV. And beyond MF and PV, we're looking forward to results in the second half of 2013 from an already fully recruited Phase II trial studying Jakafi in patients with pancreatic cancer in which overall survival is the primary endpoint. Looking at our second JAK1, JAK2 inhibitor Baricitinib, which is licensed to Lilly, we see significant potential value in multiple chronic inflammatory conditions starting with rheumatoid arthritis. The Phase III RA program began in November of 2012 at the time that the results of the Phase IIb trial were being presented at the American College of Rheumatology Annual Meeting. These results coupled with a well-designed Phase III program give us confidence that baricitinib has the potential to be positioned as best-in-class in RA. Baricitinib is also being explored for its potential to treat psoriasis and diabetic nephropathy and Lilly is conducting Phase II trials for both conditions. Our knowledge of and commitment for the JAK inhibitor space extends well beyond these two compounds. We look forward to advancing our earlier stage JAK1 inhibitors, such as our compound INCB39110 for which we're conducting proof of concept studies in myelofibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and psoriasis. We expect to further expand the therapeutic potential of the JAK inhibitor class as a whole and ensure that Incyte retains a leading position in this space. In addition to our JAK programs we have other compounds and developments such as our earlier stage oncology programs for c-MET or c-MET inhibitor partnered with Novartis and the Indoleamine Dioxygenase inhibitor in development for melanoma and ovarian cancer. We continue to maintain a robust focus discovery program that examines three to four targets at a time, primarily focused on oncology with some potential overlap in inflammation. Given the depth of our pipeline and the productivity of our R&D team, we believe it's important to continue our investments in both the existing and future programs, which should lead to important new medicines. I'm now going to turn things over to Dave, who will walk us through some of the financials, including more details of 2013 expenses.
Dave Hastings: Thanks Paul. Good morning, everybody. I will start today by discussing Q4 results and then I will review our 2013 guidance. Let's begin with cash. We ended the year with $228 million in cash and investments. This amount excludes the $50 million milestone paid by Lilly in January related to the initiation of Phase III studies for baricitinib. Now moving to Jakafi, we recorded $43.3 million of fourth quarter and $136 million of full year 2012 net product revenues. Efficiently we recorded $3.7 million in Jakavi product royalties from Novartis for sales outside the United States. Our gross-to-net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $3.2 million or about 7% for the fourth quarter and $10.7 million or approximately 7.5% for the full year 2012. As a reminder our gross-to-net adjustment includes the following fees to our specialty pharmacies, rebates the governmental payers, our share of the doughnut hole for Medicare Part B patients, copay assistance to eligible privately-insured patients, and any product returns. Our cost of goods sold for both the fourth quarter and full year 2012 was immaterial as our starting finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. In terms of operating expenses, SG&A was within expectations, while R&D expense came in below our guidance. Now, I'm moving to 2013 financial guidance. As Paul mentioned our Jakafi net revenue is expected to be in the range of $210 million to $225 million. In terms of our gross-to-net adjustment we expect that to range from 8% to 9% in 2013. Note that because of our portion of the Medicare Donut Hole the first quarter's gross-to-net may be in the high end of that range. In terms of contract revenues we expect $66 million in revenue from the amortization of the upfront payments received under the Novartis and Lilly agreements. For milestones, we expect to receive $60 million under the Novartis collaboration for EU pricing approval for Jakafi in specific countries. In terms of royalty revenues, while we're not providing 2013 guidance, now that we're receiving royalties from Novartis, we're able to describe the overall royalty arrangement we have with them. Our tiered royalty rate from Novartis ranges from the high-teens to the mid 20s on net sale of the Jakafi outside the U.S. Additionally when Novartis receives pricing and reimbursement approval in specific European countries, we will begin to record tiered, low single-digit royalties payable to Novartis on net Jakafi sales in the U.S. These royalties will be recorded in cost of goods sold. Therefore, we expect the total cost of goods sold as a percentage of net Jakafi sales in 2013 will be about 2%. At steady state, when we're using the inventory that has not been previously expensed, we expect cost of goods sold to be in the range of 4% to 6%, which includes our royalty payments to Novartis. In terms of 2013 R&D expense we expect that to range from $260 million to 270 million. This includes non-cash stock comp expense of approximately $25 million to $28 million. Our increase in R&D expense from 2012 is primarily due to higher co-development costs for Phase III studies for Baricitinib and RA, the expansion of our proprietary JAK1 inhibitor program, and increased investment in medical affairs for our continuing medical education supported Jakafi. In terms of SG&A expense, we expect that to range from $100 million to $110 million. This includes non-cash stock comp expense of $14 million to $17 million. The increase is primarily due to increased sales and marketing investment in support of Jakafi. We expect our interest expense this year to be $47 million, including a non-cash charge of $28 million related primarily to the amortization of the discount on the 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes. So with our strong cash position, and now multiple sources of cash flow, we believe that we're in a strong position to fund continued growth. And so with that, Paul I'll turn the call back to you.
Paul Friedman: Okay. So before we open the call to questions, I just want to remind you of our goal for Incyte over the next five years that is to build a sustainable, diversified, high growth pharmaceutical company. As we enter 2013, we're confident that we've the increasing financial and human resources we need to execute on this vision and we believe will drive substantial value for patients, doctors, our employees, and our shareholders. So now we will move to Q&A and open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Matt Roden of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Roden - UBS: Thanks for taking the question. In your prepared remarks, you spoke about early signs of improved persistence and your guidance has realistically achievable goals in patient retention 2013. Can you be a little more specific as to what you're seeing in the clinic now and whether or not this relates to improved patient mix vis--vis the initial bolus of high needed patients and whether to what extent is related to the dosing information you guys had at ASH and how these factor into Q1 2013?
Jim Daly: Hi, Matt, this is Jim. Matt, I think the best single indicator that physicians are becoming more facile with the dose is looking at the dose mix. And we've seen a steady increase in the utilization of the 10 milligram and 5 milligram tablets. As a matter of fact, for the first time recently on a year to-date basis we've seen 10 milligrams becoming the most frequently dispensed dosage form. So that's probably our single most tangible piece of evidence that doctors are responding to the titration information from ASH and using it to incorporate more individualized dosing into practice.
Matt Roden - UBS: And I presume that is sort of correlating with lower discontinuation rates over time?
Jim Daly: It's there, its preliminary, Matt, but again the favorability we saw in the fourth quarter versus our guidance that was not attributable to new patient starts that was attributable to patients staying on treatment longer.
Matt Roden - UBS: And then on the pipeline, we're seeing an expansion of investigator sponsored trials Jakafi in various liquid and solid tumors in addition to your own pancreatic trial, Rich or Paul can you speak to with respect to the pancreatic trial you've an overall survival endpoint, so obviously you think that this has a direct antitumor effect. Can you speak to the mechanism around why we should see an antitumor effect with JAK in addition and if you actually in the end don't get an antitumor effect if you did see an effect on sort of supportive care type of endpoints would that be sufficient for taking it forward in solid or liquid tumors?
Rich Levy: Hi, Matt, this is Rich. So the rationale for the antitumor effect in pancreatic cancer relates to the basic mechanism whereby, which STAT3 phosphorylation for example is reduced because if you inhibit signaling through JAK it's going to reduce STAT3 phosphorylation. And there are good animal models in pancreatic cancer showing that that is a key mechanism. Now most pancreatic cancers have other imitations, but somehow in ways that have not yet been defined, these work in synergy such that by inhibiting STAT3 phosphorylation you get an antitumor effect and that's has been demonstrated both in cell culture as well as in xenograft models. Now the other aspect that we're talking about is whether this will prolong survival as a result of improvement in the metabolic status so called treatment of cancer for cachexia. We think both mechanisms may be applied here, if we can increase survival in a solid tumor like pancreatic cancer, I don't think it's critical why that happens as long as you're increasing survival and pancreatic cancer is kind of our model solid tumor disease here, but this seemed like it can be applied to a number of other solid tumors including potentially breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and potentially others as well.
Matt Roden - UBS: So have you given though to in the cases didn't show a frank overall survival benefit, but you did see improvement in various symptoms, symptomatology, would that be sufficient to continue development?
Rich Levy: Well, possibly, we haven't really considered that per se. I mean there is a possibility that you've survival trend in the studies, which is a privatized studies, just to small to actually prove it in which case that would be something. But remember that we really set that President here on oncology with development of drugs related to symptomatic improvement as we saw in myelofibrosis in being the first approval based on the patient reported outcome. And the oncology division of FDA is very amenable to these types of approaches in a situation where you're making a profound impact. There can't be a trivial change in the symptomatology but when you've a profound impact as we did in myelofibrosis that is an option. But whether that would be where we would then spend our money and resources remains to be seen when we actually see the data sometime in the second half of this year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Boris Peaker of Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer: And also I want to add my congratulation for the excellent result. Now, just a general question for Jim. Could you update us on the progress of advancing Jakafi into less advanced patient particularly in the community setting? What are the kind of feedbacks that you're getting?
Jim Daly:  Yes, Boris, it is mixed. And I want to be straight with you. I think using intermediate one is probably still the exception rather than the rule. But we're seeing some use in less obvious, less severe patients, and we think that bodes very well for the long-term. Right now, though we're seeing still substantial opportunity in the high risk patients. So, our primary focus right now is to engineer successful trial in the high-risk patients and earn the right to go back in and ask for less severe patients and we're confident that we're going to be able to do that overtime.
Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer: I see. And so then, in your 2013 guidance, I guess what fraction of the growth do you anticipate to come from expanding to new patients and less advanced patients versus may be just change in duration of treatment of existing patients?
Jim Daly: Sure. Again, I think the guidance is our best quantitative description of what's going to happen next year. But qualitatively, the two key drivers in the forecast are new patient starts and length of treatment, and we do assume a modest, realistic, achievable increase in persistence. We're also assuming that we'll see a very slight slowdown in a number of new patient starts month over month and that reflects the fact that it becomes more difficult to get the less severe patients on treatment. But our forecast does assume that we will be able to penetrate into the moderately severe patient population and maintain a robust supply of new patients.
Boris Peaker - Oppenheimer: And the new patient starts that you just mentioned potential is slowing down a bit. You think that the ASH data would really help you to kind of push the accelerator further on these patients, and if so, how long based on your kind of estimates do you think would take to disseminate this ASH data to the community setting?
Jim Daly: Sure. If we're able to maintain the same rate of new patient starts that would be an upside to our forecast. And I do think that it is a plausible scenario that the overall survival data from ASH could enable us to do that. Now the local ASH meeting, the best of ASH and the ASH update that takes place in the academic medical centers, those have just started, just wrapped up, and generally we're very pleased with the awareness level of the ASH new data. Some evidence of that is seen in the number of inquiries that our medical department is receiving, regarding subjects like overall survival and subjects like dose titration. So clearly there is an awareness of the data and there is an interest on the part of physicians to incorporate it into their practice. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing from ASH today.
Paul Friedman: Can I -- I just also add that our intent is to publish, in a peer review journal the data from ASH. And once that has happened, those papers can be handed out to physicians under current guidelines.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Cory Kasimov, JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Lowe - JP Morgan: Hi it's actually Matt Lowe in for Cory today. Just a couple of questions. First one is on, are there any specific strategy you're using to get the dosing message out there, and then on the survival message, have you noticed a change or a more receptive physician audience since ASH? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: Part one; we were certainly using scientific exchange, the primary channel for communicating dose information. Certainly I represented that reinforcing the information is in the current product label, and to the extent the information is not in the label that is being communicated via the medical exchange, CME et cetera. Regarding the response, the overall survival data, I'd say absolutely. I think the consistency of the data in COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II, is building confidence on the part of physicians that the product is working to treat the underlying disease and providing a profound benefit to the patients, above and beyond symptoms.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Rachel McMinn of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I've got a question. One, I'm hoping you can help us understand what the hurdle is for the futility analysis for Jakafi in the pancreatic cancer study. And then, I also just wanted to get a sense in terms of sequential trends. I know you're not giving quarterly guidance but Q1 tends to be seasonally weak across the board for oncology drugs from insurance based issues and I'm just wondering if you expect a similar trend for Jakafi next quarter?
Paul Friedman: Well Rich Levy do.
Rich Levy: On the futility we're already past that and the study was not stopped for futility. That could potentially have happened if the conditional power was less than 30% and that was not the case and that's basically all we know. At this point in time the study remains blinded.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry, just a follow-up to that. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off but just a follow-up Rich, is the expectation around six months survival for this population?
Rich Levy:  Well, so the historical data in this patient population is about 3 to 4 months survival. These are second line patients.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Second line, okay. 
Rich Levy: It's not clear whether or not the historical data will match with the control -- what the survival is in the control ARM of this study as each individual study can enroll slightly different patient population. So the important thing would be comparing treatment with Jakafi to those who were treated with placebo with everybody getting capecitabine. So, it's really about the hazard ratio, how much longer they live relatively than absolute but we'll just have to wait and see what those numbers look like.
Paul Friedman: And Rachel regarding the seasonality you're exactly right particularly with products that are on exposed to patients restarting their deductibles has tampered our expectations for January and I'm glad to report that we're very encouraged by what we saw in January and we're confident that we will be here when we give you the first quarter results being able to saying that our results are consistent. So we're very pleased with the way we came through January.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Eric Schmidt of Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company:  Jim, you keeping pointing toward improved persistence for the strong Q4 results. Can you provide with us any metrics or you're now able to talk about may be specifically the discontinuation rate or the average duration of therapy?
Jim Daly: Eric, we are reluctant to do that because unfortunately on a short period of time there's still got a not of lot of noise in the system, and unfortunately that noise is only going to increase as we go into January because your patients will be changing their specialty pharmacies because their insurance plans change. As a result, we think there is a single best indicator right now to point to is looking at the dose mix. I think when we have more time, when we have greater period of time and more stable data and the ability to separate signal from noise a little better, I think then will be more willing to talk about persistence rate in more specific terms.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: There is a couple of questions for Dave, if I could. First on the ex-U.S. Jakafi sales, are you recording your royalties concurrently with the Novartis? In other words, I think Novartis reported $21 million fourth quarter Jakafi sales so the $3.7 million in royalties is essentially 18% of that figure?
Dave Hastings: Yeah, thats correct, Eric. We will do that concurrently now and in the future.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: And then for the 2013 COGS guidance you alluded to a 2% figure. Is that inclusive of any actual cost of goods or are you still going through previously expensed product in 2013?
Dave Hastings: Yeah, our API is still the previously expensed product but we do have recurring cost of goods sold, things like our film finish of the product warehousing, shipping costs, so there is a component of our COGS that is manufacturing based.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: So most of the 2% sounds like the reverse royalty?
Dave Hastings:  We are not going to get that granular, Eric, in terms of what that break down is. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Do Kim - Piper Jaffray: Hi, this is actually Do Kim in for Ian. I was hoping you could maybe talk about what you know about Novartis initial success with Jakafi in Europe, and what Novartis is doing to keep the levels of drop out flow and how that compares to your experience in the U.S.? And a couple of questions on the pipeline, how should we think about the three Phase III trials -- Phase II trial for the JAK1 inhibitor and about the future direction of that program in terms of oncology versus inflammatory? And also whether if the pancreatic Phase II trial for Jakafi, could possibly be registration enabling? Thank you.
Paul Friedman: Sure. I will take the Novartis Jakafi. Generally as a principle we rely on our partner describe their own performance but Rich and I happened to be up in New Jersey for the day yesterday and we are also aware what they said publicly. So, as indicated previously, they sold $21 million in the fourth quarter. They are approved in more than 30 countries. They have launched in Canada, Germany, Austria, UK, Denmark and Norway. They had over 2900 patients in the early access program. So, they are very encouraged by their early performance at launch. In terms of dose titration and length of therapy, in Europe, patients particularly with rare diseases tend to be referred more to tertiary care centers than in the U.S. So, they are very confident that the ability of specialists who can treat a greater volume of MF patients to again be more fast forward with the dose and more diligent on the titration will allow them to minimize premature discontinuation.
Jim Daly:  Okay. So, with respect to the JAK1 program that we have, we have a stable of interesting compounds that are selective for JAK1; 39110 is the first of those. We are looking in myelofibrosis and in to inflammatory conditions at the efficacy and tolerability of 39110. And I think we are planning to begin to see that data in the second half of this year. And that data will guide us to where to go from there and which compounds beyond 39110 we might or we might not want to add to the clinical mix of these JAK1 selective compounds that we have. Im going to ask Rich to comment on the third question that you asked, and that had to do with the registerability of the blinded Phase II overall survival pancreatic cancer study.
Rich Levy: Yeah. So the study is a randomized study with about 60 to 65 per ARM. So the results would have to be -- and but it is based on survival. So I think you would have to have a very clear survival benefit for regulatory authorities to consider giving an approval or even accepting for filing based on this one study. But if the results were very, very clear, I think it would be difficult for them not to consider making something like this available through labeling considering that there is very limited treatment options here. Its a highly fatal -- rapidly fatal disease. And if you can improve survival with quality of life there it has to be a possibility, but until we see the data its really hard to say.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Salveen Richter with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter - Canaccord Genuity: Last quarter you have mentioned that 30% of target doctors had written a script. Just wondering if you have an update there? And then, also how you are going about restarting discontinued patients?
Paul Friedman: Yes, the figure we quoted was for the end of 2012. so, we will give you an update on how we are doing in the first quarter of 2013 with our first quarterly results but that is the accurate; we penetrated about one third of our target audience of 6500 physicians. And in terms of discontinuation, we are basically encouraging physicians that if they have identified a patient who they felt would derive benefit from Jakafi and that patient was discontinued particularly because of Cytopenias, and our research indicate that two thirds of discontinuations are due to Cytopenias, we are seeing the Thrombocytopenia as a cause for discontinuation decline, and so we are very focused on anemia. We are encouraging those physicians to restart their patients on a lower dose and we are seeing some success with that.
Salveen Richter - Canaccord Genuity: Great, and then, Dave, just a question for you just wanted to get a sense of when you may record the $60 million in milestones and when you expect reimbursement in the specific EU countries?
Dave Hastings: Yeah, I think probably by mid year or so I mean.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats on another good quarter. I have a question for Jim. I was wondering if you could talk about the role of patient advocacy groups particularly since the updated Jakafi survival data have been presented; just wondering if you anticipate that will have a growing any sort of growing impact on use patterns? And then, as you think about the long term potential competitive dynamics how relevant is it having versus not having survival benefits on the label? Does it really matter given the physician awareness of evolving data? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: Okay. Well we are spending a lot of time working with patient advocacy groups and we think its a great investment primarily for patients. And what we are seeing is that this has been a condition of watch and wait for physicians/patients for a long time, and that an educated patient really in many cases is the catalyst for a as a treatment trigger for Jakafi. So, certainly that is a very -- that is a very productive use of our time to work closely with the groups and overall survival clearly is a catalyst. And what we are seeing is that when patients ask for Jakafi or about Jakafi in the vast majority of cases physicians will prescribe it. So that is an important weaver and we remain very focused on it. In terms of overall survival relative to future competitors, absolutely, I think if you look at the history of oncology products where you have an incumbent product with overall survival data I think history indicates it is very, very difficult for follow up competitors to displace that product. And we are going to obviously be doing everything we can to keep that pattern intact when it comes to Jakafi.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Thomas Wei of Jefferies & Co. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: I wanted to ask about the guidance. It seems very low to me relative to the trend that you are seeing in the fourth quarter and if I incorporated all of this math quickly on the fly as you were talking about it on the call, I dont have a slight slowdown in new patient starts, I would actually need to drop my new patient start rate by somewhere between 20% and 35% immediately relative to the fourth quarter level. So I wanted to try to understand to that is that the right way of thinking about it, and is that because you are actually starting to already see that type of slowdown so far during the first quarter of the year?
Paul Friedman:  Yeah, couple of things, Thomas. Number one, we are not seeing a slowdown in new patient starts. We are seeing a consistent rate of new patient starts in the fourth quarter, and as I said previously we are encouraged by what we have seen in January. So I think that's point one. Point two, we probably don't want to get into doing mass over the phone here for what I can assure you is that in order to hit the low end of our guidance, we are looking at unique growth dispensed bottles growing consistently quarter over quarter at a high single digit rate. At the high end of guidance, we are looking at low double digit growth in units quarter over quarter, and then you have to layer on the impact of price, and as you remember we took a 9% price increase on November 16. So that's really how you range, how we are ranging our unit growth. If you take a look at a fairly linear phasing, let's take the 433 in the fourth quarter you'd have to adjust for a price benefit there. Phase that growth over 2013 you are looking at between a 40% and a 50% fourth quarter '13 over fourth quarter '12 growth rate in terms of net revenues. So we think that is ambitious. We also think it is realistic and it's achievable.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: And did I hear you correctly in answer to somebody else's question, did you say that the fourth quarter new patient starts were similar to third quarter new patient starts and that all of the increase in sales on a quarter basis is related to improvement in persistence and discontinuation rate?
Paul Friedman: What I said is overall, the rate of new patient adds has been consistent. And if you take a look at the fourth quarter in particular, new patient's starts were consistent with our forecast that we used to generate the guidance of 130 to 135, and the favorability we had coming in at 136 was totally attributable to an increase in persistence.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: And can you say that there's something unusual that the timing of new patients starts in the fourth quarter was very front-end loaded and not very much seen towards the end of the quarter? I guess it doesnt, you're saying January actually looks pretty good. So but did it follow that sort of pattern during the quarter or was it relatively consistent over the quarter?
Paul Freidman: I would say relatively consistent, Thomas.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: Okay, I got some struggling a little bit, but because if you have 35 in third quarter and then in the end of July the rate is 42, in the fourth quarter your seeing kind of a consistent add over the quarter, then that 42 is not really becoming something much higher, and then you later on the price increase and we, I can follow-up with you offline on some of the math, but maybe just my last question here.
Paul Freidman: I think meeting the math that we've communicated really is the math that we're going to communicate, Thomas. But again, we're giving a very tight guidance range of 210 to 225, and we're going to rely on you to complete your models, looking at how you get through to an increase in persistence and a modulation in new patient starts.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: Okay. That's helpful.
Paul Freidman: I think we have a whole lot more math to add than that.
Operator: Our nest question is from the line of Ying Huang of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang - Barclays: First of all, this is a question for Jim. So I noticed that the SG&A and going up to, yeah, $100 million to $110 million this year additional program. Can you give us a little bit clarity on what additional programs you're planning for promotion for Jakafi this year? And then secondly I noticed that they'll be a modified label in second quarter. Can you give us a preview, what might be appearing on the FDA approved label in the second quarter? And then lastly, obviously you have this on novel compound in Phase II. Can you clarify what your relationship would Lilly is because obviously Lilly also has their JAK1 inhibitor Phase II trial as well? Is there any conflict of interest or is there anything value wrote in the clause of the contract? Thank you.
Jim Daly: On the promotional standards, there are two areas of focus, both professional education. One is disease education, educating physicians on the nature of myelofibrosis, the disease course over time. And number two is on the need for a dose titration. So, it is our increase spend is largely focused on professional medical education.
Dave Hastings:  And then, Jim, I will also add that initially our foundation payments to assist Medicare patients are in there as well and as our sales increase that number goes higher, yeah.
Rich Levy:  So, with respect to Lilly, I think it is our understanding that the compound that they have in development is directed to myelofibrosis. They had a JAK1 that they thought was selective for V617F JAK, right?
Jim Daly: Sir, I am not sure that I understood the question the same way that you did. But on that topic I mean, that program had a lot of renal toxicity.
Rich Levy: Right. And I think they are not developing in any --
Jim Daly: I do not know what they are doing. We have a strict firewall between what they are doing in myelofibrosis.
Rich Levy: Right. But that's our guess. But with respect to the details of the contract we are not able to hallucinate those for you. We just say that when we say that these compounds are Incyte priority compounds that is what we mean.
Ying Huang - Barclays: And then, on the label?
Jim Daly: Yes. So, what this supplemental NDA is about is dosing for patient to start platelet counts less than a 100,000. And as we have talked about in the past, we think the appropriate starting dose for those patients is 5 milligrams twice daily, that most of those patients can get up to 10 milligrams twice daily safely and when they do so they see efficacy similar to what we have seen in the COMFORT trial. So, the proposed labeling is around that but until we actually get feedback from FDA I am not going to get specific about exactly what was proposed till we see what we end up with.
Ying Huang - Barclays: And Rich, the data presented at ASH, would that go in some label or is that something you proposed?
Rich Levy:  So the data that was presented at ASH is not in this submission that was made last August specifically on patients who start with platelet counts less than 100,000 the data is presented at ASH this year. The data is presented on COMFORT study this year was largely on patient start with greater than 100,000. There was one presentation given on the low platelet study and that is correct. But in terms of the -- this data on the COMFORT studies that was presented at ASH showing both survival benefit first time in COMFORT-II whereas we have had one for a while in COMFORT-I and the data on dose titration in patients that start with greater than 100,000 platelet count. That is likely to be the basis of a separate SNDA that we would file this year, but wouldnt have change of labeling on that within 2013.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Friedman of Morgan Stanley Please proceed with your question. 
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley:  Can you just comment on whether there is any inventory changes in advance of the November price increase, and then also if you can just discuss any details about how youre thinking about price this year and next year?
Paul Friedman: David, this was a very modest build and probably we had some wholesalers anticipate the anniversary of our launch, and that was corrected certainly within the next few weeks. So as I said, we ended with -- when were talking about 4% change off of essentially three weeks of inventory thats really a de minimis impact on the business. And in terms of future price increases, no, we will not be commenting on those.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joshua Schimmer of Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Schimmer - Lazard Capital Markets: 
 :
Paul Friedman:  Josh, on the strategy for JAK1, obviously we talk about all the possibilities that you have just raised, and we need to see the results from these early Phase II trials as we try to optimize our strategy going forward. I mean, each of the compounds that are coming along a little bit behind 39110; they all have slightly different characteristics. And in an ideal world for clean labels, yeah, you would probably like to have compound inflam that was for inflame and a compound or maybe more than one for oncology, its way too early to speculate on if and when we would partner the inflam indications, but we will keep you updated as we go along. On the pricing for PV I am going to ask Jim to comment on that.
Jim Daly: Yes, I think it's premature to be talking about PV pricing at this point; we are just getting into our pre-launch planning. So, preliminarily we are excited by the opportunity. We think we have a very strong value proposition. The interesting thing here is the side effect in MF becomes the treatment benefit in PV in terms of reducing counts. We're excited by the epidemiology. There are a lot of patients who will benefit from Jakafi in PV. And also I think the underappreciated dividend here is the length of the treatment. These patients will be on treatment for an extended period of time. So, we see a very exciting opportunity for the brand in PV.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of (inaudible). Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: It turns out that my mom plays mahjong with the Maryland Director of the Paul Freedman fan club because he grew up in Maryland, and she asked me a couple of questions last night and I gave her some answers and I want to run it by you guys. In terms of patient metrics, she was saying well they are adding about, what's gross in that add? And I said, well, I think gross are adding maybe 200 to 220 patients a month and net maybe 90 to 100 patients a month. And then she asked me, well, are they, you know, I hear you told me that the lowering the dose, and she said do they have any ability to split the pill or the capsule? And the other question that she sort of added and then I said I thought the price is the same regardless of the dose. So could you confirm all that or tell me what I should tell my mom.
Paul Friedman: Well, let me I dont think we want to comment on new patients adds in general but I tell you what I will say. I'll say your mom is not a bad is not a bad forecaster in terms of the new patient adds. On the net, I dont want to make any comment at all on that. In terms of splitting the tablet, we really dont see that as a feasible option. We dont think thats an interest to patients to get into tablet splitting. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then is the price the same across all those dosages?
Paul Friedman: Its flat pricing.
Jim Daly: Absolutely.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then the final thing she thought I was discussing is tell me about JAK1 versus mix JAK1 JAK2. What are they going to see from selective JAK1s if they dont get from JAK1 JAK2? And the only thing I could tell her is I thought that JAK1 inhibitors sort of knocked down the cytokines in the inflammation but I wasnt very elegant in that standpoint, so I thought maybe Paul or Dr. Levy could help there.
Rich Levy: Yeah. So, it's Rich. So, I mean, things are theoretical until we see clinical data, but the idea is that erythropoietin and thrombopoietin signal through JAK2 exclusively, and that if you have a JAK inhibitor it doesnt signal through JAK2 you might see less anemia and thrombocytopenia while maintaining the benefits in terms of the inflammatory that exist. Now, that difference could have impact in a disease like myelofibrosis where potentially you could see less anemia and thrombocytopenia. But in diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis which are the other two that we are studying now, we believe now that there are JAK1 JAK2 inhibitors such as baricitinib that have a great efficacy without any significant anemia or thrombocytopenia. So, it is an interesting feel to continue to look at. The other aspect is in oncology where you have drugs that are being used that already are reducing blood counts that a JAK1 inhibitor may be more easily combinable with some of those drugs because it wouldnt contribute to the cytopenia.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning is from the line of Bret Holley of Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Holley - Guggenheim Partners: I was wondering what your current estimate of the percent of addressable high to intermediate risk MF patients during the low platelet count group and what is the current behavior with these patients? Has the data gotten out there from ASH and that you are seeing more of an uptake in that segment of the MF group?
Paul Friedman:  I can't give you a quantitative estimate but it has a huge range on it, Bret, in terms of percent of high risk intermediate to that have low platelets, but what I can tell you is that the awareness of the 5BID data is very high, and we are seeing thrombocytopenia as the cause of discontinuation on the decline. So we think that's an issue that that we have really go our hands around and we think we are going to manage that very effectively.
Bret Holley - Guggenheim Partners: And just a quick follow up, could you give an update timeline on the ASH4 results for PV from response and relief now that we are into 2013?
Rich Levy:  Yeah, we've -- results were come out in the first half of 14.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time, I will turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Paul Friedman: Thank you all for your attention this morning. We look forward to making good progress and talking to you again in about three months. Thank you, and good morning.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Friedman  President & Chief Executive Officer Dave Hastings  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer  Rich Levy  Executive Vice President & Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer  Jim Daly  Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer  Pamela Murphy  Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Communications  
Analysts: Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co. Matthew Roden  UBS  Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities David Friedman  Morgan Stanley Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray Joshua Schimmer  Lazard Capital Markets [David Krempler]  Morningstar  Ying Huang  Barclays  Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer  Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities   
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporations Q3 2012 Earnings Conference Call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions.) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you; you may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes Q3 2012 conference call. Its been a challenging week for many and we appreciate your participation this morning.  On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer; and the newest member of the Incyte team, Jim Daly, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Dave will begin with a review of our Q3 financial results and Paul will follow with additional comments regarding the ongoing launch of Jakafi and provide an update on our lead clinical program. Then Jim, who just started here last week, is going to share a few of his key reasons for joining Incyte. Well then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the launch and commercialization of Jakafi, our product revenue guidance as well as our development plans. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10(q) for the quarter ended June 30th, 2012, and from time to time on our other SEC documents. Dave?
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Pam, good morning everybody. Ill start this morning with product revenue, which for the three months ended September 30th, 2012, was $43.7 million. As expected, this quarter we transitioned to the sell-in method from the sell-through method for revenue recognition. This means that we are now recognizing revenue when our product is received by the specialty pharmacy. As a result of this transition, included in net product revenue for the quarter is $9 million of previously deferred revenue from products shipped to our specialty pharmacy customers prior to June 30th, 2012. In our press release this morning, for comparative purposes weve provided a table showing Q3 as if we were still using the sell-through method which as you know is based on dispenses to patients. As that table shows, using the sell-through method our Q3 net product revenue would have been $34.5 million compared to $29.7 million in Q2. This 16% sequential growth in Jakafi dispensed to patients in Q3 supports our expectation of a steady and consistent launch. Our net product revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, were $92.7 million and we have tightened our guidance for 2012 to a range of $130 million to $135 million, which represents the upper end of the guidance we provided last quarter.  Our gross-to-net adjustment for product revenue recognized for Q3 was approximately $3.4 million or about 7.3%. As a reminder, this percentage will vary from quarter to quarter depending on our (inaudible) but it has been relatively consistent over the past few quarters. Our gross-to-net adjustment includes the following: fees to our specialty pharmacies, rebates to governmental payers, our share of the doughnut hole for Medicare Part B patients, copay assistance to eligible privately-insured patients, and any product returns. Our cost of goods sold was immaterial as our initial finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. And in terms of operating expenses, both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations. In terms of cash we ended the quarter in a strong position with $244 million in cash and investments; that excludes $9.5 million in restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October, 2012, on our 4.75% convertible senior notes. To conclude, with the Jakafi launch going well and our expectation of future milestone royalty payments from our strategic partners, we are in a strong financial position. So with that, Paul, Ill turn the call over to you.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thank you. As Dave said we are seeing steady and consistent growth as evidenced by the 16% sequential increase in underlying demand, and were building a strong foundation for long-term growth of Jakafi.  We saw a consistent rate of new patients initiating Jakafi during Q2 and Q3, and here its important to note that new patients are generated from both new prescribers as well as from existing prescribers who continue to treat an increasing number of patients. And in that regard, approximately 30% of our target customers are now prescribed Jakafi. Overall, this means that were growing the base of prescriber experience with Jakafi and increasing the depth of experience which reflects physicians desire to identify more patients within their practices who are appropriate for Jakafi treatment.  And we continue to be focused on improving persistency for patients who initiate treatment with Jakafi. As we discussed on the Q2 call, the primary reasons for patients either coming off therapy or being placed on a dose hold include thrombocytopenia, anemia, and death. The data suggests we are starting to see improvement in persistency which reflect two ongoing developments. First, were seeing a gradual shift to less-advanced patients taking Jakafi; and second, physicians are becoming better informed on how to manage Jakafi dose titration through increased experience and an expanded educational campaign on what to expect when initiating and maintaining use of Jakafi over time. Our goal is to reach every new patient and prescriber to ensure that they can achieve the best possible outcome with Jakafi. One important message is to reinforce proactive dose modifications by physicians consistent with Jakafis label since weve seen in our pharmacy data that physicians who modify dosing have better persistency rates than those that dont. Educating physicians on the appropriate use of Jakafi is the primary focus of our field force. As part of our educational efforts weve also focused on helping physicians identify patients who can restart Jakafi, and weve seen an increasing number of patients who were taken off therapy restart Jakafi over the past few months.  In addition to these factors, our regulatory team has been focused on working with FDA to help ensure that the label for Jakafi optimally reflects current information available from clinical studies of Jakafi for as broad a group of patients suffering from Myelofibrosis as possible. And youll recall because we didnt initially include patients with platelet counts less than 100,000 in our Phase III trials, we initiated a separate study in these patients to find appropriate dosing. Interim results from this study presented at ASCO and EHA show that the majority of patients who started at a dose of 5mg twice a day and optimized their dose to 10mg twice daily or higher experienced reductions in spleen size and improvements in Myelofibrosis-related symptoms. Were confident that we can continue to translate the scientific advancement that Jakafi represents into tangible patient benefits and long-term growth. Some of these advancements will be highlighted at the upcoming ASH meeting where we and our partner Novartis have twelve presentations, six of which will be oral. Two of the oral presentations describe the long-term results from both COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II, While these abstracts arent yet available and I cant be specific in advance of the presentations, these results from COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II build on the previously disclosed data suggesting that Jakafi may provide an overall survival advantage to patients who initiate therapy. Now Im going to briefly discuss some of the other programs in our pipeline, starting with the further clinical development of Jakafi. The RESPONSE trial in polycythemia vera in partnership with Novartis is on track to complete enrollment around year-end, with a supplemental NDA submission expected in 2014. The FDA has granted fast-track designation for PV, specifically for the treatment of patients who are resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea. The second study in PV patients called RELIEF, evaluating the symptomatic benefit, is ongoing. The study is not required for FDA approval but we do intend to submit results to support labeling claims on symptomatic benefit on PV in our initial FDA application for the treatment of patients with PV in 2014. The Phase II trial of Jakafi in pancreatic cancer is on track to complete enrollment by the end of the year, and we anticipate final results of this double-blind study by the second half of 2013. Now, for Baricitinib, our JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor partnered with Lilly, we look forward to the presentation at ACR later this month of six-month data from the Phase IIb trial in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Screening has begun for the Phase III clinical program in RA. Lilly is also conducting Phase II trials of Baricitinib in psoriasis and in diabetic nephropathy. We look forward to updating you further on the plans for Baricitinib together with our partner Lilly at a meeting for the analyst community at ACR. Our earlier-stage oncology programs for c-MET and Indoleamine Dioxygenase or IDO are progressing and we can address any questions you might have about them during Q&A; and we have other ongoing clinical development programs in oncology and inflammation. For example, with regard to our compound INCYTE 39110 we posted clinical trials in Myelofibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and psoriasis to www.clinicaltrials.gov. Before beginning Q&A Id like to welcome Jim Daly who has assumed responsibility for our commercial organization, including sales, marketing, and business development. Jim has extensive industry experience and has successfully launched and commercialized multiple oncology products. He joins us from Amgen where he most recently served as Senior Vice President of North America Commercial Operations. We at Incyte feel very fortunate to have attracted someone of Jims caliber and experience. Jim?
Jim Daly: Thank you very much, Paul, and good morning everyone. I am really excited to be a part of this Incyte team. As you can imagine, I did my homework before joining, and based upon the learnings Im convinced that Jakafi represents an extraordinary opportunity to make a meaningful difference for patients with Myelofibrosis.  Not only is it first-in-class and the only FDA-approved treatment for a true unmet need, Jakafi simply provides remarkable clinical efficacy for patients. That said, there are always challenges in educating physicians and patients on the optimal initiation and maintenance of most truly novel therapies; and in my past experience with GSK and Amgen in launching such products in oncology and other specialty areas, when the efficacy benefits are strikingly perceptible to patients and physicians most other issues are highly, highly, highly manageable. In my short time at Incyte I have been greatly impressed by the level of talent and energy within the organization and the deep commitment to make a positive impact for patients. I look forward to working with my colleagues to continue to grow Jakafi and to develop and commercialize our future products. Back to Paul.
Paul Friedman: Thanks, Jim, and welcome to the team. We look forward to your contributions to our continued success. And with that, Operator, lets open the call for Q&A please.  
Operator: We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions.) Our first question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Just wanted to see if you could provide a little bit more detail on things like the discontinuation rates of persistency that youre talking about; and also compliance rates. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, how do those look? Are we starting to see improvements in either discontinuation or compliance?
Jim Daly: Hi Thomas, this is Jim. Thanks for your question. Let me give you just a really brief preamble and then well get right to the heart of your question. First, I just wanted to reinforce that we are fully committed to sharing with your our best understanding of whats going on with the Jakafi launch. From our perspective, dispenses to patients or what were referring to as sell-through, that is our best and most reliable measure of true underlying demand, and thats why we highlighted it so prominently in the press release, in the black box there. And that trend underpins our guidance of $130 million to $135 million for this year. Now with respect to secondary drivers of demand, such as persistency or what you refer to as compliance rates, or new patient starts, at this point we really dont think its constructive to get into specific numbers at a very detailed level because we think it could be potentially misleading without providing the appropriate context and caveats to go with these numbers. For instance, as you talk about persistency, there really isnt a single persistency number; its really a curve over time in which you have to follow various cohorts of patients since the month in which they were initiated on therapy.  And were doing that very diligently, but as you can imagine at the end of six months or nine months, some of those cohorts become increasingly small. Its also compounded by the fact that we have begun to see an increase in the number of patients who are restarting therapy, which is also a very important consideration in the dynamic. Having said that, were more than open to provide you with as much directional, qualitative feedback as we can on issues like persistency and new patient starts. So with respect to the persistency, in direct response to your question, Thomas, over the last two to three months we are seeing an improvement in the one-month persistency in patients. And as Paul indicated in the formal remarks, thats not unexpected. Were seeing a shift to a healthier patient population as measured by their baseline thrombocytopenia and/or anemia, and were also seeing physicians who are becoming much more facile with the dose titration.  I hope that answers your question, Thomas.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: It does. Maybe just to follow up and then Ill jump back in the queue: I guess Im having a little bit of a hard time reconciling If you had about the same number of new patient starts I would actually be calculating that the sales should have been higher than what you reported given the gross-to-net. And so the kind of missing factors here are the persistence and the compliance, but youre saying that directionally those numbers improved on a quarter-over-quarter basis?
Jim Daly: Let me qualify that a little bit more for you, Thomas. First, were very pleased with the rate of new patient adds. As Paul indicated again in the formal remarks, weve seen a consistent number of patients added month-on-month in Q3 relative to Q2. So thats encouraging. Physicians are having very little difficulty identifying new patients who are appropriate for Jakafi treatment. Now, just assuming that persistency is a plug, which youre going to back in to persistency  that is the single most important lever from our perspective going forward in order to increase overall demand. And were focused on that very diligently and we are seeing early indications of improvement, but again, I think its too early to try and quantify those trends.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Great, thanks for taking my question. Congrats to Jim and to the company for finding each other  it seems like a good fit. So maybe, Jim, a question for you. We appreciate your take from an outsiders perspective on the organization, but Id be curious to understand what you like about the operations that you see and where you see opportunities to do things a little bit differently. How would you put your stamp on the organization?
Jim Daly: Hi, Matt. First of all, Matt ,thanks very much for the question, and I fully agree with you that it really is a match made in heaven. And Im thrilled to be here, both for the nature of the business opportunity but also because of the culture that Ive found in the past couple weeks. In terms of whats most important to me in terms of adding value to the organization, three things: Jakafi, Jakafi, Jakafi.  We really feel a sense of urgency to make sure that this product is made available to the patients who will experience profound benefit. So Im looking forward to working very closely with the sales and marketing organization, spending a lot of time out in the field with our representatives and with key customers to get a firsthand understanding of the market, a firsthand appreciation for the opportunities as well as the barriers; and making sure that were doing everything we can to optimize successful trial so that we get the right dose, the right patient with the right expectation, and thereby earn the right to come back to physicians and ask them to put more patients on the product.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Okay, thats helpful. And then just one follow-up if I may for Paul or Rich, Im intrigued by the title in the ASH abstracts here on long-term follow up, because when we talk to community oncologists anecdotally what they say is that longer-term follow up on survival is important for expanding utilization into less severe patients. So maybe, guys, just to manage our expectations a little bit, do you think that the data forthcoming are going to be supportive of increased use or not supportive? How should we think about that?
Paul Friedman: Well, we would probably not have highlighted both COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II in that way if the data was in our opinion not going to be supportive of a survival benefit in both studies. But what would you say, Rich? Were kind of limited because of the abstracts havent come out yet.
Rich Levy: I think the abstracts are scheduled to come out on November 5th so its a short period of time before the level of clarity from the abstracts themselves and then maybe a little bit more details at the actual presentations. But we really look forward to that data because we totally agree that the more people are convinced that there is a survival advantage the more likely they will not only start less severe patients but the harder they will work to titrate the doses to keep patients on drug.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Okay, thanks for your perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Thanks for taking my questions. Just in terms of the education to restart Jakafi, Im just wondering if you can remind us the reasons for why patients drop off and then which of the patients who dropped off would be candidates to restart therapy? And then you also mentioned about 30% of your target physicians now prescribe Jakafi  Im just trying to understand whats playing out with the other 70% as to why theyre not prescribing yet. Thank you.
Paul Friedman: Okay, Ill start and then pass the baton to Jim. The major reasons for a dose hold: either your platelet counts go too low or your red count goes lower than the physician or the patient is comfortable with. You can then have a dose hold which is what we did in the clinical studies until the counts rebound, and then you start again at a lower dose and you work up to an optimal dose.  Its a joint effort between the patient and the physician to titrate to a proper dose. If you work at it, the vast majority of patients can find a tolerable and very effective dose. And as weve gone out and provided further education to physicians, there is a greater and greater willingness  as evidenced by the numbers  to restart patients that they have stopped for cytopenia. And were anticipating that over time that number will continue to increase. Jim?
Jim Daly: Paul, I think from a sales force perspective, our responsibility is to remind physicians that this is not a one-size-fits-all product and that the benefits of titrating patients to the optimal dose are certainly worth the upfront investment of time on the part of physicians and patients. So I think thats a fairly straightforward exercise and were committed to implementing it extremely well. Now, to the second part of your question which is a third of our prescribing audience, of our target audience have prescribed Jakafi  whats going on with the others? Our market research indicates that the single most common reason for not having prescribed the product is they simply havent encountered an appropriate patient yet. So were confident that with continued effort well be able to increase their adoption of Jakafi. Intent to prescribe it is extremely high. When we talk to these physicians and ask them about their intent to prescribe going forward, thats a very encouraging metric for us.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Great. If I could just follow up on the patients that discontinued and youre trying to get to restart, is there a pool of patients that you dont see capable of restarting, I mean apart from patients that have stopped treatment due to death? Is there any other group?
Rich Levy: This is Rich. You know, its hard to say in every single case but for the most part why patients have stopped is because they have not necessarily titrated to the right dose. And so I think the key is to educate those physicians as to the data that we now have suggesting, for example, the 10 mg BID dose is a very effective dose that doesnt cause cytopenias for the vast majority of patients; and to try to get back to those sorts of things. But I mean to speak to every single patient without knowing the details, I cant be sure.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase: Great, good morning to all and thanks for taking the questions. I have two of them for you. I wanted to follow up first on the survival question because were also finding that docs are largely unaware of the initial survival data presented at ASH or what was published in Blood which is whats preventing them from putting their less symptomatic patients on therapy. So do you expect you can ultimately try to get this longer-term follow-up data thats to be presented at ASH added to the products label? And then the second question is another one on persistency, and you mentioned that its improving partly because physicians have become better informed on implementing dose titration. Can you just talk a little bit about the educational efforts that are necessary there and how complicated this titration is? Thanks.
Rich Levy: This is Rich. So I think part of the reason that the message may not have gotten through as well as we would have ideally hoped in the past around survival is that there were naysayers out there who were saying Well, you only have an advantage over placebo in COMFORT-I but you dont have an advantage over the vast available therapy in terms of survival in COMFORT-II.  And so with people speaking against this at the same time that people were speaking for it, I think the message got diluted. I think that theres a reasonable chance that if the COMFORT-II data were to show a survival difference that there would be much more of a consensus among thought leaders that this really is true, and that will then get down to the level of the community physician who is treating the majority of these patients. With respect to adding this to labeling, I think thats still going to be very difficult given that the studies really werent planned. We didnt think that we had the opportunity within these relatively small, short-term studies during the control period to be able to demonstrate this. And so at some point we will provide the data to FDA in a package and let them evaluate it, but I think the chances that this would actually lead to a true labeling claim at this point are small.  And I will point out that theres histories of drugs that have done very well based on the type of data that gets out into the literature on survival without actually getting the claim. Was there a second part to your question that I missed?
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase: Just on the persistency, the education around the dose titration.
Rich Levy: The titration Our labeling does indicate that titration is an appropriate approach but doesnt get into a great deal of specifics other than titrating for thrombocytopenia. And so we think its also important for those who are more concerned about dropping hemoglobin levels to know what they can do in the shorter term to get those hemoglobin levels up without the necessity for holding dose or transfusing. So we have data out there in the scientific community; we continue to talk about that at scientific exchanges and in response to requests for information, but the sales force can actually go out and talk quite a bit about the need for titration which is on-label information.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, thanks very much. I wanted to go back to the discontinuation question but ask it a little bit differently. It sounds like theres two basic discontinuations, right, where you have patients who are very ill and drop off because theyre so sick and theyre dying; but then you have this other cohort of patients who are discontinuing because physicians just dont know how to titrate properly. And just qualitatively, if you can give us a sense of is that kind of half and half or is it predominantly one versus the other? And then I also wanted to ask Jim, since youre here and you had it sounds like some chance to really dig in here, what do you think needs to be done differently? If you can kind of speak to getting these patients more urgently on drug, what other programs or messaging needs to be done to be more effective in the sales force? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: Okay, so Ill start and then Jim can answer the second part of the question or elaborate on the first part as well. Early on, as weve said on multiple occasions the patient mix was much more heavily weighted toward patients with platelet counts less than 100,000. They also were early on being dosed with 15 mgs and 20 mgs twice a day, which was too high a dose for people with less than 100,000 platelets. So there are two things that have happened with respect to the overall population. One is the week-over-week mix of patients with platelet counts below 100,000 versus those above 100,000 now has significantly fewer patients who are coming in below 100,000. But beyond that, the message that weve taken out into the field from our presentations at ASCO and EHA as to how to dose people who come on Jakafi with an initial platelet count of less than 100,000 is getting out, because were finding in discussions with physicians who start such patients that they are now beginning the patients almost always  certainly in a majority of cases  at 5mgs BID and working their way up to 10 mgs.  So you have a change in the percentage of the really fragile patients in the mix every week, and for those fragile patients, they are being dosed more appropriately with a lower starting dose. So in both instances what you would predict and what we are beginning to see are improvements in persistency. Jim?
Jim Daly: Rachel, to your question about the adjustments we would make going forward, let me first say that I have been extremely impressed by the professionalism and the sophistication of the launch plan for Jakafi as well as the execution. I think the team has done a first-class job in preparing this product for launch and executing extremely well in the first nearly year after launch. As I look at the biographies of our sales force, weve been very fortunate to recruit the brightest and the best people with deep, deep oncology experience. So beyond that, I think its premature to say what are the changes that we would be looking at making other than the fact that I have never seen a launch where you havent had three months, six months after launch to go back and make some adjustments in terms of your key launch assumptions. There is always a gap between theory and reality. You go back, you make the adjustments, you fine tune the plan and you go forward, and I think were in the process of doing that right now.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then just one quick follow up for Paul or Rich: on your JAK1 program, Im just curious if you have any more comments in regards to inflammation versus Myelofibrosis. I would expect something with very limited JAK2 selectivity to not work in MF but clearly you feel differently because youre running a study there, so what are appropriate expectations in that setting? Thanks.
Rich Levy: So first of all, 39110, a JAK inhibitor with a different profile than ruxolitinib  were putting it into studies for which we already have data from our JAK1/JAK2 programs to be able to compare how that profile differs in diseases that we understand, and in where we can get data in a relatively short period of time. And those results will then determine whether or not we proceed further with those studies or go into different types of indications. And beyond that, in the absence of data I dont really have further comments.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Thanks for taking my questions. Just first Id like to confirm or hope to confirm that youve all weathered Hurricane Sandy well enough down there and there havent been any supply chain disruptions of any sort?
Paul Friedman: No Eric, were fine. Thanks for asking.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Great. Maybe a follow-up to Jims statement: he mentioned that hes fully committed to sharing with us all aspects of Jakafis launch that you can. Does that mean that he has a different view towards unblocking the third party prescription data?
Jim Daly: Eric, most likely not. I mean were being 100% transparent in terms of dispenses to patients and we think that really is the key metric going forward.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Okay, and then maybe a follow up for Paul. Its a little unclear to me on what impact you think this FDA label change might have that you sought in terms of low platelet count patients. I now you filed for getting the new dosing data on the label, but it also sounded to me like you think you might have everything you need already. So I guess the question would be one, what timing should we look forward to in terms of an FDA labeling update; and two, is this critical or as youve kind of insinuated, do you pretty much have what you need to make headway with these low platelet count patients today?
Paul Friedman: Well, I think thats good insight into what I was saying because weve made a lot of inroads into educating appropriately. Ill let Rich answer about the label. I think its always better to ultimately have something in the label but in the meantime weve made great strides in getting these patients on the right dose.
Rich Levy: Yeah, so Ill just reiterate that I think it is better to have it in the label. It creates more opportunities to reach physicians who dont take part in educational exercises, dont ask additional questions, that sort of thing. In terms of the timing, we submitted it in August and were still waiting for a definitive [TOFA]. FDA has indicated in the past that they would continue to work with us to do this as soon as reasonably possible.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question, and Jim, welcome to the team. I want to shift gears to Baricitinib. With the Phase IIIs now getting going [and then posting into] clinical trials, I was wondering if you can give a little bit more detail about the designs overall ,the powering of the studies, really what youre aiming to do maybe similarly versus differently from other RA programs? Might there be more studies that we should be looking for and if you can give us maybe any sense of the timelines there? Thanks.
Rich Levy: So I really cant get into specifics until the analysts meeting, the joint analysts meeting that will take place at ACR. I think those invitations have gone out; I cant remember the exact day but its the evening of the actual presentation of the Phase II study. Just in general terms I would say that the studies will cover a range of patients, from those that are [Team F] for biologic experienced to [DMR] to methotrexate experienced to nave patients with the attempt to get a broad label in RA. Id also say that as we said before that certainly the program was tweaked based on the findings at the advisory committee for tofacitinib, particularly around their findings around structure to make sure that we had adequately powered studies there. And I think the nuances are key and hopefully well have more information around that and an opportunity to ask more detailed questions around this. And Pam just showed me that that date is November 13th. 
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities: Great, and then maybe just a quick follow-up. Can you speak to the role of JAK inhibitors in diabetic nephropathy, what you see as the market opportunity there and maybe if there are any differences in the economics within the partnership for that indication? Thanks.
Rich Levy: Sure. Paul, should I take that? So first of all, its quite clear that there is inflammation in the kidney and that there is elevated JAK levels in the kidney in diabetic nephropathy, and so a drug that can treat this potentially can have real beneficial effects in terms of maintaining renal function in patients with diabetic nephropathy. And if that actually works then that is a massive opportunity that makes things like RA pale in comparison according to the information that weve been given from Lilly, which I cant get into any more detail than that. In terms of the economics, the deals are the same regardless of what we do which is we get to see Phase II data before we have to make a buy-in decision. Theyre doing this trial now which I believe is posted on www.clinicaltrials.gov, and we will see results from that study before we decide whether were going to pay 30% of the going forward costs for that study. And so thats one of the reasons we did the deal with Lilly, is because we get to pick and choose where we put our money based on actual proof of concept results.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking the questions; just two quick ones. Number one is in terms of the patient adds this quarter, can you give some sense of the breakdown of what were truly new to drug patients versus patients who had dropped off previously and restarted? And then the second question is if you can just describe maybe what the difference is between what the FDAs threshold is for recognizing data and what you think the clinical community has a threshold for; if you think that these survival data could potentially have a clinical impact but not necessarily meet the threshold of either quality or whatever for the FDA to put it on a label?
Jim Daly: Hi David, this is Jim. David, I dont want to get into a quantitative description of the components of total patients in the past quarter. I think its fair to say that the bulk of the patients in the past quarter were repeat patients. We had a fairly significant proportion that were new and the smallest proportion would have been restarted patients.
Rich Levy: So in terms of survival data in the package insert, I mean the traditional approach is you design a study or studies for survival. You define exactly when youre going to look at the data and [spend your] alpha, so to speak; so if you do more than one analysis you have to describe in advance how Im going to spend Lets say you start out with a target, a P value of .05  if you look more than one time you have to distribute that. In this case we did not envision that within a six-month trial for COMFORT-I or within a one-year trial for COMFORT-II, with allowance for crossovers  even within those studies for patients that were doing poorly  that we really had any chance of showing survival. And so in terms of alpha spend, so to speak, we havent left alpha to continue to spend for these new analyses and I think its for that reason that theres a low likelihood that FDA would say Okay, youve demonstrated a survival benefit. But if you consider the hurdles that we were up against here  designing studies that were too small ,we thought were too small for survival; allowing for crossover, which will tend to make things equal, not different over time; and also the fact that within COMFORT-II there were patients who were lost to follow-up and we were never able to find out if they were alive or dead early on because the protocol didnt allow those patients to be followed, and the clear majority of those patients were patients who were on [back], who we could never say die sooner  all of those were hurdles. And despite that, were seeing the data that we havent actually shown you yet updated, but as you can obviously surmise positive data despite that. And I think as we get all of those things across to the community, including that its better than the best available therapy, I think that it will have a significant impact but perhaps not as great as if it were in the label and we could actively promote it. And thats just its better than where we were, thats for sure.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And just to be clear on the first question answered, you said the majority are new to drug or the majority are restarts?
Jim Daly: If you take a look at our total base of patients in Q3 the majority are repeat patients. There is a significant component that are new and finally theres a smaller component which is patients which are restarting the therapy.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Thanks, I had a couple of them. First, just starting off with the severely ill patients which youve previously identified as a source of increased rate of dropouts this year versus potentially next year, can you just share with us where we are in the process of potentially seeing these patients, whether theyre still on therapy or if a vast majority of them are close to coming off therapy? And then I had a few follow-ons.
Paul Friedman: Sure. Certainly some of them are on therapy and were hoping that now that theyve been titrated to appropriate doses that theyll be able to stay on for extended periods of time. So its kind of a spectrum that again, where I cant give you a specific number. Jim, do you want to add anything to that?
Jim Daly: No, I agree with that.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then second on the Baricitinib Phase III program in RA, just to get into the comments you made related to the [TOFA] panel, should we assume the size of the Phase III trial is comparative to tofacitinib or is it larger?
Rich Levy: I think what I was implying is that the structure study is now powered based on their very slow rate of progression in the control group, and so that study may be larger. But Im not commenting on the overall size of the program including all the other studies. I think youll get a much better sense of that when Lilly talks about it, and well be there on November 13th.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Okay. And just the last question was just on the survival data. Is there any sense of urgency, either at Incyte or Novartis, to run a study to confirm the overall survival benefit prospectively on the study and try to get that on the label?
Rich Levy: It would be extraordinarily hard to do that these days. You know, I think with the data out there that there is almost certainly a survival benefit. To randomize patients and not let them cross over would be perhaps unethical; my view is that it would be, but also impractical. So its kind of a double-edged sword, but were happy to see that even within studies that would have a very difficult time demonstrating this that it really would be in my mind unethical to randomize patients to have to stay on therapy other than ruxolitinib.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Thats a challenge I should think thats true for you as well as your competitors.
Rich Levy: Absolutely.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Schimmer  Lazard Capital Markets: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I guess coming back to diabetic nephropathy, it might be a large commercial opportunity but Im wondering why this indication would be prioritized given that the development path to maybe even prospects for success seem rather cloudy at least in comparison to other Phase II inflammatory indications you could have chosen to advance further or faster.
Paul Friedman: Yes, I dont think it is to the exclusion of those other indications. Theres obviously particular interest that Lilly had in diabetes and weve kind of, I think Rich outlined briefly the rationale; I think the Lilly people could get into it in significantly more depth if you wanted to pursue it with them, Josh. It does not preclude studying what youre referring to as the more obvious inflammatory diseases.
Joshua Schimmer  Lazard Capital Markets: Any thoughts to when we might see those other Phase II indications advance or be advanced?
Paul Friedman: I think youd have to talk to Lilly about that.
Joshua Schimmer  Lazard Capital Markets: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [David Krempler] with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
[David Krempler]  Morningstar : Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. Can you give an update on the payer environment? I think last quarter you said you had pretty broad coverage but two-thirds of patients were requiring prior approval and it was causing a slight slowdown in the uptake rates?
Jim Daly: Hi, this is Jim. Actually the reimbursement situation is remarkably positive for this product. Right now we really dont see reimbursement as being rate limiting to putting new patients on the product. If you want to break it down by payer we have 50% Medicare, 30% commercial and 10% will be kind of your VA, etc. So we have a very favorable reimbursement environment right now with Jakafi.
[David Krempler]  Morningstar : Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang  Barclays : Morning, thanks for taking my questions. I have one question on, can you give us a little bit more color on the breakdown between patients with high risk versus intermediate risk who are on therapy of Jakafi? And then I have a financial question as well. Obviously Lilly has already started to enroll the patients in October for Baricitinib. Can you guys give us an estimated cost for the Phase III and your share? I mean I think you have to shoulder 30% - how should we think about R&D costs in the next two, three years? Thank you.
Dave Hastings: Ill deal with the R&D question. Yeah, we cant get into specifics about what the investments will be over the next two or three years with Lilly. What I can say is that theyve been thoroughly consistent in terms of the budgeting process, what those numbers look like when we first even negotiated the deal. We would expect R&D to go higher next year primarily driven by that investment. Youll see that increase in 13 and 14 and then start to reduce in 15.
Rich Levy: If I can just add to that, I think that the money that were spending as our 30% in [RA] with Lilly is money very well spent. The drug looks really, really good. Were very excited about this and we can afford to do it.
Paul Friedman: With respect to your first question, we have a nice mix of intermediate II and higher-risk patients. I dont have the breakdown in front of me here but the majority of the patients who have been put on Jakafi would be categorized as either intermediate II or high risk but we are seeing a proportion of patients in the intermediate I category which I think is encouraging.
Jim Daly: Before we close off I do want to clarify my answer to the previous question, and the question was How does your payer environment look and whats your reimbursement mix? So let me clarify that. 50% of our patients are commercial, and right now commercial payers are somewhat reluctant to create barriers for an orphan indication like Myelofibrosis. 30% of our patients are Medicare, and the issue there, because most of our patients there are on Part D is the doughnut hole; and weve been very successful in helping patients navigate through the doughnut hole. And then finally the remaining patients are a mix of VA, military, etc. So I hope that clarifies the earlier response.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Boris Peaker with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : Hi, I have one quick clarification. The numbers you just mentioned on Medicare versus commercial, could you clarify  is it 50% Medicare or 30% Medicare?
Jim Daly: Its 30% Medicare.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : 30%, okay great. And the other question is a general question: we talked about a number of data pieces that are going to be coming out that may help Jakafi in the market. Could you comment on how long do you think it takes to communicate the details, lets say from the [ACRF starts] to the physicians; and then what your expectation is for that data in terms of time to be incorporated into actual prescribing behavior?
Jim Daly: Well, I can speak to the question in respect to oncology and hematology. Well have the ASH meeting in December and there are typically ASH reviews that follow immediately thereafter, and this community is very quick to pick up on new data.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : So can you give a quantitative time period, lets say after the ASH abstracts are available and your sales guys could start marketing the information? Is it one quarter that you anticipate to see some impact; is it six months, a year? Just some kind of a quantitative ballpark.
Jim Daly: I would be careful about false precision, but generally if you take a look at an ASCO meeting or an ASH meeting you will start to see a change of prescribing within one or two quarters after the meeting. Again, it takes time. It takes time for physicians, particularly when youre dealing with a condition like Myelofibrosis. Whats very limiting is the next time the physician happens to see an MF patient.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : Got it. And my last question is, in terms of support groups there are at least two major support groups for Myelofibrosis. Are you working or how are you working with these support groups and how do you see that helping in identifying new patients as well as maintaining current patients on drug?
Jim Daly: Were working very intensely with the patient advocacy groups. Theres no better catalyst for a patient request than an MF patient hearing about a positive response in another patient. As a matter of fact, recent market research weve conducted have indicated almost 40% of patient trials are as a result of a patient request for the product, so clearly these patients are talking to each other and sharing the experience. And were trying to support that as much as possible.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Pleas proceed with your question.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Thanks, its been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Hi, good morning. A question for Jim: as you look at the profile of Baricitinib and Tofacitinib, can you talk about maybe the key attributes of Baricitinib that you think are really going to stand out and how from a marketing perspective youd really use those to differentiate the two products? Thanks.
Jim Daly: Thank you for the question. Im going to pass it over to my colleague Rich, but what I can say very early is there is an X factor for oral. If you look at the RA market, theres at least 10% to 20% of patients who refuse therapy with the [TNF] because it is injectable, so clearly theres an X factor for oral. And then depending on the clinical studies, the label and the price, I think that will determine the point of entry of JAKs into the market.
Rich Levy: Lisa, I think also Lilly may comment on this in a couple weeks, but I think the things that are clear already are once a day versus twice a day and reduced number of drug interactions, because this drug doesnt have [The factor theyre delivering] doesnt have the same enzyme inhibitions and interactions that tofacitinib does. I think the potential which needs to be proven in large Phase III trials is that it may have a better safety profile in terms of infections because its not a JAK3 inhibitor; and some of our data suggests that we may have actually a more profound response in Phase II than they did, but its really unfair to say that we know thats going to hold up based on trials that were one, not comparative and were only a few hundred patients. But I think we have enough there that there will be a substantial market for Baricitinib, and the potential that it could actually be the number one JAK inhibitor for RA and potentially others if some of those potentials for the data come true despite a launch a few years later.
Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, thats helpful. And then just maybe a follow-up to the broader oral market. As you see the orals come to the market and you look at tofacitinib, do you think this will move up to kind of front line? I mean it makes sense that youd use oral ahead of [TNF] but obviously theres more experience. 
Rich Levy: So front line is largely methotrexate but the question, and I think its likely to stay that way in part because of payer preferences to start with something cheap; and also the fact that physicians are comfortable with the toxicities of methotrexate, although theres certainly people who cant take it and therell be some use in first line. I think the key is using this before anti TNFs or other biologics.  My expectation is that Pfizer will blaze that path to a certain extent for the class, and so they may start off being used primarily, after at least the first if not more than one TNF. But as the safety of the class becomes more clear and as people become more convinced of the efficacy by using it themselves, the fact that it is an oral drug and some of the other advantages that it has that we kind of talked about, I think the real goal is to be able to say this would be after failure of DMRs or methotrexate for the most part; but would still then be used and will have clinical data that it can be used after failures of TNFs.
Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: So just a question on Baricitinib versus your follow-on JAK inhibitor: can you just give us a sense of how different you need the follow-on JAK to be for you to pursue development in RA and psoriasis?
Paul Friedman: Ill start and Rich can add to that. I dont think we can give you parameters at this point until we gather some data on this JAK inhibitor with a different profile.
Rich Levy: But if you look at things like the anti-TNF market, and there are a number of anti-TNFs. Certainly the first one is no longer Maybe it still is  Im not sure which sells more, [Numera or Embrel]. 
Jim Daly: Im totally biased in this answer but it is Embrel.
Rich Levy: But still you wouldnt sneeze at the market that a drug like Numera has, and I think those differences in the anti-TNFs are not enormous in my mind. So I personally dont think you need huge differences to do really well in this area, but as I said in answer to Lisas question I think there is the potential for substantial differentiation and a clear expectation of enough differentiation. 
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Just two parameters to the question: one is obviously I think we all appreciate the magnitude of the opportunity but also were mindful of just the costs associated with bringing another RA drug to the market; and whether, to put it in your words, if you can afford to run or support a Baricitinib program as well as pursue development independently in RA. Is it an either/or decision from a financial perspective or do you think you can comfortably pursue both?
Dave Hastings: Well, I think we have optionality and were at the point now where the earlier stage program, we certainly have the capital to continue to progress that; and then as the data becomes more apparent we can make strategic decisions at that point.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Id like to hand the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thanks very much. We appreciate all of you dialing in and the questions, and well look forward to talking to you again in February on our Q4 call. And with that good morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Friedman  President & Chief Executive Officer Patricia Andrews  Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer   Dave Hastings  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer  Rich Levy  Executive Vice President & Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer  Pamela Murphy  Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications  
Analysts: Matt Roden  UBS  Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co. Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird  Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities  Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company Christina  Barclays Capital David Friedman  Morgan Stanley Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer David Crump  Morningstar Mani Mohindru  ThinkEquity    
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporations Q2 2012 Earnings Call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions.) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you Ms. Murphy, you may now begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes Q2 2012 conference call. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. Pat is traveling outside of the country right now and is therefore not in the room with us. Paul will begin with a brief overview of the quarter, Pat will update you on the product launch of Jakafi, and Dave will describe the Q2 2012 financial results.  Prior to opening the call for Q&A Paul will close with a summary of some of our other programs. Before beginning wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the launch and commercialization of Jakafi, our product revenue guidance as well as our development plan. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10(q) for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 and from time to time in our other SEC documents. Paul? 
Paul Friedman: Good morning. The launch of Jakafi for patients with intermediate or high-risk Myelofibrosis continues to go well and is pretty much right on the forecasts that weve made. During Q2 we shipped $35.1 million of Jakafi to our specialty pharmacies compared to $25.1 million in Q1. As Pat will describe in greater detail were seeing steady growth in the use of Jakafi by hematologists and oncologists. Since the pace of the launch is going as we expected, were providing revenue guidance for 2012 net product sales in the range of $120 million to $135 million. This range reflects our continued belief that the growth will be steady and gradual as physicians move from prescribing Jakafi for more severely ill MF patients to using the product in less severely ill patients, specifically patients with any degree of splenomegaly and/or symptoms. The drug provides dramatic relief in spleen reduction and in symptom improvement and additionally, as we shared with you last quarter, further analysis of COMFORT 1 first published in The New England Journal of Medicine further suggests that there may be a survival advantage for Jakafi over placebo. In that regard, more recently [Doctor Bershtofstick] et al published an article in the journal Blood regarding their analysis of 107 MF patients from our Phase I/II study. In the article, the authors state that in this group of patients followed for a median of 32 months there could be a survival advantage with ruxolitinib treatment when compared to historic controls who had similar patient entry criteria. Now, while there are clearly limitations to these comparisons to historical controls, the authors also state that the data suggests a survival benefit from ruxolitinib independent of any comparison with a historical control group. Specifically, survival in the high-risk patients treated with ruxolitinib was consistent with that of intermediate II risk patients. The published data states that the normal life expectancy for high-risk patients is approximately two years compared to four years for intermediate II risk patients. This would suggest a very meaningful improvement in survival. In early June there were a number of Jakafi posters presented as ASCO, all of which are available from our website. One I want to highlight which is also the subject of an oral presentation at EHA is for the ongoing Phase II study in patients with baseline platelet counts between 50,000 and 100,000 who as you may recall were excluded from the Phase III trials but are part of the indication in the label. In this study we start patients with a dose of 5 mg twice daily and allow for dose modifications based on adequate platelet counts.  At the time of this interim analysis the majority of patients had optimized their dose to 10 mg twice daily or higher, and for patients completing the week 24 visit most experienced reductions in spleen size and improvements in symptoms to a degree that is comparable to what we saw at 15 mg and 20 mg twice a day in the Phase III trials. Ill now turn the call over to Pat who will provide you with more details on the launch; Dave will follow with an update about our financial performance for Q2, and Ill conclude by providing an update on our other ongoing programs. Pat?
Patricia Andrews: Thanks, Paul. Good morning. Were going to start with a few metrics that may help you appreciate the basis for the guidance were now providing. Im pleased to say that we were able to increase the number of physicians who have used Jakafi from over 1000 reported in Q1 to over 1600 in Q2. Were building a broad base of subscribers, of which about 80% are from the community; and since launch, these community hematologists/oncologists have generated about 75% of the prescription volumes. Were targeting approximately 6500 hematologists/oncologists, most of whom are community-based. Unlike the key opinion leaders, these physicians each tend to have only a handful of MF patients, usually less than five. About 25% of our targeted physicians have prescribed Jakafi, and according to our market research, most physicians who have not yet prescribed the product say that they are likely to. Their primary reason for not using the product yet tends to be Im just waiting for the right patient.  Our market research suggests that what they mean by the right patient is one who has a very large spleen and a fairly heavy symptom burden. Now, our label states that Jakafi is indicated for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk MF. The label doesnt specify the degree of splenomegaly or symptom burden required for use, and we fully expect to see use in less severely ill MF patients  patients with any degree of splenomegaly or symptoms  continue to grow over the next several years. We estimate that intermediate and high-risk patients represent about 80% to 90% of all Myelofibrosis patients and we continue to believe that there are between 16,000 and 18,500 MF patients in the United States. Therefore, to capture this market opportunity, a top priority for us is educating as many as possible of the 6500 healthcare professionals who treat these patients to help them understand who the right patient is. Were doing this through a steady systematic combination of direct calls by our field force, exhibits and displays at conferences, direct advertising, multichannel communications and educational efforts including speaker programs. Were confident that once a physician sees firsthand that Jakafi truly works to make a meaningful difference in how a patient with Myelofibrosis feels  it is generally well tolerated and the associated side effects are generally well managed  that he or she will be open to and appreciate the data that show that patients with MF who go untreated or who are treated with historical best available care worsen over time and they worsen fairly quickly. That is why were confident over time physicians will see the value in using Jakafi in their immediate or high-risk MF patients with any degree of splenomegaly or symptoms, and why we continue to expect our peak share in MF to occur about three years from the launch  around the same time that we expect to have an indication in polycythemia vera. Ill now describe a few other factors that we think are relevant to the launch as well as the ultimate use of Jakafi. First, some of the earliest patients who were prescribed Jakafi were very advanced, so ill they would not have been eligible for the Phase III trial in which life expectancy had to be at least six months. The second point is that the discontinuation rate seen in COMFORT 1 and COMFORT 2 of 14% and 18% at 24 weeks and 48 weeks respectively are probably a good reference point for the low end of the discontinuation rates we are likely to see commercially. And for length of therapy, remember that at the ongoing Phase I/II study at MD Anderson about 50% of patients were still on drug at three years. On another subject, nearly all payers have Jakafi on formulary. Preauthorization is required maybe two-thirds of the time which can slow down the initial script, but it is nearly always approved for on-label use of Jakafi. About 50% of patients have been covered commercially; about 70% of these patients have had copays of less than $100 a month. About one-third of all patients have been covered by Medicare Part D. Nearly all Medicare Part D patients have been covered under the standard benefit design and many have sought and have been able to access funds through charitable foundations. A small percent of patients have Medicaid or seek care through other government programs such as the VA, a [340Ds], or Tricare; and as expected, between 10% and 15% of patients have received free drug. To summarize, the launch continues to go well. Were very pleased with our current level of market penetration in MF and look forward to seeing a gradual increase in the number of patients on drug, a steady increase in physician interest and use, a greater appreciation among those physicians and patients that MF is a progressive life-threatening disease that worsens over time, and that treatment with Jakafi provides compelling and important clinical benefits to patients with any degree of splenomegaly or symptoms. Importantly, Myelofibrosis is just the beginning and we look forward to seeing the use of Jakafi grow with future indications in polycythemia vera and potentially other cancers. With that Ill turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Pat, and good morning everybody. Lets start with product revenue this morning. Its important to note that we are still using the sell through method for revenue recognition which means we defer revenue until the specialty pharmacy ships the product to the patient. We anticipate transitioning to the sell in method later this year at which time we will recognize when our product is received by the specialty pharmacy. Therefore, our 2012 net revenue guidance of $120 million or $135 million assumes this transition takes place and that revenue deferred as a result of the sell through method is recognized this year. As noted in the press release, this deferred revenue amounts to approximately $9 million net as of June 30. As Paul mentioned for the quarter ended June 30 we shipped $35.1 million of product to our specialty pharmacies and reported gross revenue of $31.9 million. Our gross net adjustment for product revenue recognized in Q2 was approximately $2.2 million resulting in a net product revenue of $29.7 million under the sell through method. Had we been reporting under the sell in method our net revenue would have been approximately $32.7 million. The difference between the two methods, about $3 million net, was added to deferred revenue. Our gross net adjustment includes the following: fees to our specialty pharmacies, rebates to governmental payers, our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients, co-pay assistance to eligible privately insured patients, and any product returns. Our cost of goods sold was immaterial as our starting finished goods inventory was previously expensed with R&D prior to FDA approval; and in terms of operating expenses, both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations. In terms of cash we ended the quarter in a strong position with $262 million in cash and investments excluding $9.5 million of restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October, 2012, on our 4.75% convertible senior notes. So with that Ill turn the call back to Paul. Paul?
Paul Friedman: Thanks. So before opening for Q&A Im going to give a brief description of some of the other programs in the pipeline. First, the Phase II and Phase III long-term extension trials in Myelofibrosis are continuing. Second, we anticipate patient recruitment in our pivotal P vera trial to complete this year so what weve guided is where we think well end up here, which keeps us on track for a potential approval in the second half of 2014. Third, weve recently initiated a second study in PV patients called RELIEF. It evaluates symptom improvements in ruxolitinib-treated patients as compared to hydroxyurea-treated patients. And although its not required for approval we intend to submit results of this study to support labeling claims [of a symptomatic] benefit for NPB. Fourth, the Phase II trial in pancreatic cancer is well on its way to enrolling the approximately 130 patients with results anticipated next year. Fifth, the three-month data from the Phase II-B trial in rheumatoid arthritis for baricitinib, our JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor partnered with Lily were presented at EULAR in June. The results were impressive. The six-month data are expected to be presented later in 2012 and we continue to expect that the Phase III program will start this year. Lastly, our early stage oncology programs for c-MET and Indoleamine dioxygenase or IDO are progressing, and I or Rich can address any questions you may have about them in Q&A. And we have other ongoing clinical development programs in oncology and inflammation  I anticipate describing these proprietary programs at the appropriate time. With that, Operator, lets open the call for Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions.) Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Roden  UBS : Thanks very much for taking the question. I was hoping that we could talk a little bit more about the guidance. Considering that youll be changing the revenue recognition for the full year, if Im doing the math right here it seems to suggest that demand could be modestly up to even sequentially down in the second half. So first of all, can you correct me if Im thinking about this the right way? And then can you comment on whether or not this is just conservatism on your part or whether or not it reflects something that youre seeing in the field that gives you the sense that momentum is slowing? I guess what were trying to get at is why could demand be sequentially down in the second half.
Paul Friedman: So Ill let Dave and Pat add to this, but Ill just say you have to remember its the first product in this therapeutic area; its the first JAK inhibitor approved for any indication and were about six months into this. Weve evaluated a number of different scenarios and weve developed a range of outcomes that we believe reflects a launch that is proceeding well. And its expected to grow at a steady, gradual pace. We did see in Q1 and late last year an influx of patients who were quite sick, could not get into the Phase III trials and were queued up to get into our studies. So I wouldnt call that a bolus but I will say that revenues in Q1 were somewhat higher than our forecasts. Since that time, we are Id say slightly ahead of our forecast and right where we think the launch should be. But Ill let Pat and Dave comment on your question as well.
Dave Hastings: Yeah, just on the growth question you know, even on gross shipments the low end of the range does imply growth in the high teens, and certainly on the higher end of the range higher growth than that. So Matt, there is growth second half compared to first half.
Patricia Andrews: And Ill just add that one of the factors driving our guidance range is the time it will take for us to evolve from the use of Jakafi in more severely ill patients that Paul was referencing to less severely ill, specifically the moderate to mild MF patients with any degree of splenomegaly or symptoms. And that you know, will take education and education is a major component of our marketing efforts, and we will help the treating physician whos not that familiar with Myelofibrosis in the first place because they just dont have that much experience with it and they need experience with Jakafi to understand who the right patient is. And then we remain confident that over time this will lead to pretty broad usage within the intermediate and high-risk patient category for patients with any degree of splenomegaly and symptoms. But it will take some time to get there.
Matt Roden  UBS : Okay, thanks for that. And then a question on the new RELIEF study in PV  does that imply that you could actually wind up with a first-line PV label? And can you talk about the implications of the study as you see it and whether or not it would be filed as part of your initial filling or as an SNDA?
Paul Friedman: Rich?
Rich Levy: Yeah, so the study compared to hydroxyurea is still in patients that are, were starting with a patient population thats already on hydroxyurea but who are not responding as well as can be by virtue of the fact that theyre still symptomatic, which is one of the parts of the definition of refractoriness to HU. So I dont see this as the potential for an actual indication for first line. The second thing is that this study which is just starting now has a significantly shorter duration of treatment to the endpoint than the ongoing RESPONSE study, so the timing is such that both studies should finish around the same time and both would be included in the initial labeling. And thats our current expectation.
Matt Roden  UBS : Thanks. Congrats for all the progress.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Abrahams of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question and congratulations on the continued strong launch here. I have two questions. I guess the first is actually a follow-up on the RELIEF study. We noticed that some of the inclusion criteria refers to patients who dont have palpable splenomegaly, and I guess if you could maybe just talk a little bit more about the population youre planning to enroll in RELIEF as compared to the RESPONSE study. I guess my impression of that one is the major symptomatic benefits that you could potentially elicit here would be on spleen.  So if you could maybe talk a little bit about that, and then just separately I know you have a new compound in Phase II for Myelofibrosis and rheumatoid arthritis  110. Im just wondering if you can generally speak about how that potentially fits into your lifecycle extension strategy for the franchise and what the Phase II timelines might be there. Thanks very much.
Paul Friedman: Rich, why dont you do the RELIEF and Ill try the other one?
Rich Levy: So we didnt want to directly compete for patients who are still enrolling in RESPONSE, so there are two differences in the patient population to make them not be eligible for both studies. One is that, well let me just say it a different way. In RESPONSE you have to have both an enlarged spleen and have to have at least two phlebotomies within the prior six months. So in RELIEF we said you could have one of those things but not both so theres no overlap in the entry criteria. But otherwise theyre very similar except that in RELIEF you have to have symptoms of at least a certain level. And we also are studying the same endpoints in RESPONSE for symptoms; however that study is not a blinded study so we dont expect to be able to use that data in the same way. This study is a fully blinded study and therefore something as subjective as symptomatic improvements really requires a placebo controlled study. But in both cases youre still talking about a patient population that would be defined as refractory to hydroxyurea.
Paul Friedman: So with respect to 39-110, its a very interesting compound. We think it has potential in RA, other inflammatory diseases and potentially in Myelofibrosis. It is our compound and we are not ready to really talk much about its mechanism or clinical results yet. We want it to mature a little bit before we put it into primetime. But I can tell you it is an interesting mechanism and its an interesting compound.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: And just to quickly follow up on that, when you say its your compound youre suggesting that this is not something that would fall under any of your existing partnerships I assume?
Paul Friedman: Correct.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thats very helpful, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Salveen Richter of Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Thanks for taking my questions. Im just wondering if we can just get some more color here when youre talking about switching to the sell in method. Should we assume that that happens in Q3 and the $9 million of deferred revenue will appear that quarter?
Dave Hastings: Most likely, Salveen, but you never know. But I would think at this point Q3 is the most likely outcome for that, yeah.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Okay, and then just following up on past comments about the discontinuation rate saying 14% to 18% is too low. What should we be considering then for discontinuation? 
Paul Friedman: Pat, do you want to comment on that?
Patricia Andrews: Sure. Its early to say what the discontinuation rate would be. Usually its something that youve had longer-term and look retrospectively and say thats what it was, and so were trying to provide what is the longer-term data which is from COMFORT 1 and COMFORT 2 to give you some sense of what we think it would be. And of course, you know, its frequently the case that what you see in commercial practice is higher discontinuation rates than you would see in a clinical study because the study is controlled. And so were trying to remind people what the discontinuation rates were in the studies and we would expect that to be probably the low end of what we see commercially.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Great, and then Pat, just to follow up on your earlier point that the physician is waiting for the right patient and they want a patient who has an enlarged spleen and heavy symptom burden. Do they need to treat that patient first before they go to the less severe patients?
Patricia Andrews: I think for a lot of physicians yes. I mean I dont want to generalize about all physicians but yes, because theres always You know, the first priority of the physician is to do no harm and they want to make sure that when a new product is out on the market that its going to be appropriate for their patient population. And if they dont have a lot of MF patients it does take a while to work their way through patients who are less severely ill, versus its a much easier call for patients who are really, really suffering with the disease burden or an incredibly large spleen. So I feel very confident that well see that over time but it is an over time thing; its not something that we would have expected to occur yet.
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Thanks. I wanted to just get maybe a better sense from you, Pat, for the types of patients that came on therapy this quarter. And one of the issues youd highlighted last quarter given the severity of the patients who were coming onto therapy was the potential for a high rate of dropouts. Can you just speak to those factors? And then Ill have one question, a follow-up to one Brian asked earlier.
Patricia Andrews: Sure, Ian. Our market research suggests that about 90% of the patients going on drug are intermediate II or high-risk which more closely parallels the Phase III study but it is narrower than what our label is, because our label is actually intermediate or high-risk. So again, we would expect that over time with more familiarity with the drug that there would be a shift in patient population treated to those less advanced.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: And just on the dropouts?
Patricia Andrews: Well as I said its too early to really comment on discontinuation rates or compliance during the duration of therapy, so thats why weve referenced the studies and other data which is long-term.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Okay. And on your follow-on, JAK, can you share with us the relative selectivity for JAK-1, for that compound and when we can potentially see data for that product?
Paul Friedman: Well, we havent said its a JAK inhibitor. I mean Im sure your question relates to the [Avid Galapagos], heading in that direction. That early data in a small number of Moldovans was interesting and lets see what comes out of their further studies. I would say, Rich, when do you think wed have enough data on 39-110 to start talking about it?
Rich Levy: Well, I think in terms of medical meetings were probably talking about late spring or early summer next year, but I dont know for example whether wed be giving top line results on anything in advance of the next real medical meeting. So its not really that well decided as to what that strategy would be.
Paul Friedman: I think thats the best answer we can give at this point.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Most of them have been asked already but Dave, a couple for you. One is that it look like the gross to net was a bit lower in Q2 than Q1, I think about 7% versus 9%. How should we be thinking about that going forward? And then also you had mentioned I believe in reference to Matts earlier question that at the lower end of your guidance range youre still looking for I believe it was somewhere in the teens growth rate in the second half. I just wanted to confirm thats what you said and maybe if you can give a little bit more behind that math. Thanks.
Dave Hastings: Sure. So the growth on average for the first six months is about 8%, Cory, as you mentioned. Its a little early to assume thats going to be the rate going forward. The driver, the key driver for growth in that is patient mix so that may change over time. That range, though, has some variability but not significant amounts of variability as you think about gross net going forward. In terms of growth, I was just looking at we shipped $60 million in the first half and our revenue guidance is net, so you would have to ship more than that to achieve the low end of our net revenue guidance.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay, I see. And then lastly just for Paul, Im just curious quickly on the IDO inhibitor and kind of the interest in this asset coming out of ASCO. And I know you just recently started a trial with Ipi in melanoma  any kinds of expectations in terms of how long this trial might take to accrue where we could see some data from it? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: Again, Ill pass that on to Rich. I think its going to be a while.
Rich Levy: Yeah, youre talking about a combination therapy with Ipilimumab in that study where Ipilimumab itself has proven activity. So its not the sort of study where you simply see a response and then say Well, it must be your drug thats causing that to happen because it is a combination study. So I think its going to be a while before we have a sense of that. We also have a second study starting soon in ovarian cancer where were using the drug as monotherapy, and that might potentially give a quicker answer simply because if theres activity its due to your drug and not to the drug that youre adding on top of it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the questions that have been asked on discontinuation rates. Could you be a little bit more specific for maybe patients who have already started? Youve described this bolus phenomenon and sicker patients going on  have you seen kind of a disproportionate rate of early discontinuations already for the patients who had started in Q4 and Q1? And then also for the growth in the quarter, just doing a little bit of back-of-the-envelope math here, is it fair to say that almost all of the growth in the quarter in terms of new patients who were added was related to these new physicians  the 1002 over 1600, that they each basically put one patient on drug and thats almost the entirety of the source of new growth during the quarter?
Paul Friedman: Pat, would you want to [answer that one]?
Patricia Andrews: Sure, Tom, let me answer the second one first. So the over 1600 physicians who have prescribed Jakafi which we think is a good, solid foundation at this time, seven months into the launch. The majority of them have indeed only put one patient on drug, and what we see is that we have both new prescribers joining each week and month as well as repeat prescribers. But were still working strongly on broadening our prescribing base because we think thats really the key to this market, because the patients are dispersed throughout the community and most physicians only have a handful of patients. So its really been our focus and one of the reasons why I have emphasized it in our prepared remarks. On the discontinuations, again it is very difficult to compare over time because at any point when you look  you said compare Q1 to Q2. You know, if they started in Q2, even if they started in April they would have only been on drug for two months. So I would just encourage people not to over focus in on discontinuations at this time because its really hard to know what is a like discontinuation rate and what to expect, which is why we referenced the clinical trials which were of longer duration and you can get a better sense for over time what might be an expected discontinuation rate.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: I guess just to make sure that I understand, when you make those comments on discontinuation, I guess Im having a hard time interpreting if right now what youre seeing is a relatively high discontinuation rate that you think will stabilize out to something more normalized even if its not as good as the clinical trials; or if actually youre seeing not very many people discontinuing even though there were sicker patients enrolled to start.
Paul Friedman: So we had early on people whose life expectancies were less than six months were put on the drug and early on we had people discontinue because they died. Thats washing through, and we are acsentoting to a number that is lower but we dont have that number yet. But its proceeding as you would expect it to proceed, and I think what Pat has said is that you would expect when we do finally acsentote to a more or less steady state discontinuation rate its going to be probably slightly higher than the 14% to 18%, which is what youd expect out in the field as opposed to a controlled trial. I dont think we can be any more precise than that at this point.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Thats helpful. And Im sorry, but just to clarify on the first question that I asked: so if we look at an add of over 600 new physicians during the quarter and basically assume that they each put one patient onto drug, is that basically the source of all of the new patient stream during the quarter  that the 1000 who prescribed before you did not actually see much progress in getting them to prescribe to other patients?
Patricia Andrews: No actually, Thomas, what I was trying to convey was that we see both repeat prescribers as well as new prescribers and both are growing in Q2 over Q1.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. 
Paul Friedman: And so just to clarify that first statement or to try to clarify it, what were seeing because we obviously track this is an increasing percentage over time of physicians who are putting a second patient and a third patient on drug. But still at this point in time the majority of physicians have prescribed for a single patient, but its moving in the direction of more physicians putting more than a single patient on. And of course we have individual physicians whove put several dozen patients on. So its a mix but the majority of prescribers have prescribed for one patient at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: Hi, yeah, I have a similar question; I guess a couple of things. One is another way of getting at this: was demand from new patients actually steady in Q2 versus Q1? I think that would help us understand how we should be thinking about the discontinuation rate. And then Im still struggling over the guidance I have to say, because if you grew $10 million sequentially in Q2 and you kind of assume that demand would be reasonably steady, and you throw in the $9 million of deferred revenue on top we should be getting to much bigger numbers  the high end of your guidance should basically be the low end of your guidance. So I think thats the part Im struggling with, and I think when Matt said initially that your guidance assumes falling off in the back half, I think what he was probably referring to was demand; that the number of new patients coming on would be dramatically lower if we go by your guidance. Thanks.
Paul Friedman: So the number of new patients has not declined week-over-week as we follow it. It looks good and I will let Dave reiterate what he said before about the guidance and the growth.
Dave Hastings: Yeah. Again, if you just look at gross shipments for the first half at $60 million, to get to the low end of our net revenue guidance you do have growth in the high teens in terms of gross shipments. At the high end your growth is in the low 30%s. So there is growth, Rachel, in the back half on a like-to-like basis. 
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: So basically youre assuming that theres significant discontinuation rates coming in the back half.
Paul Friedman: No, I dont think thats correct. Pat, do you have anything to add to that?
Patricia Andrews: No, not really. I feel like weve said about as much on discontinuation rates as we can. Were not expecting significant discontinuations in the back half beyond what one would expect based on patients staying on drug for six months or one year as you saw in the trials.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: Alright, well Ill follow up offline. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I havent heard anyone ask yet about the frequency of patient visits. Im just curious how thats comparing to expectations, just thinking about docs getting to learn the experience that their first patient is having and then also maybe seeing the next logical patient walk in the door.
Paul Friedman: Pat?
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So patients do visit, MF patients do visit their doctor every one, three, six months depending on their level of illness. And what were seeing is that the feedback from the field for doctors who have put that first patient on drug is generally very positive, very encouraging, even surprising in some regards on the physician level. The drug does more and more dramatically than they expect. That being said, a lot of them still havent put that first patient on drug. They view the patient as maybe not having such an enlarged spleen or such a burdensome disease that its worth taking a risk putting that patient on a new drug. Theres more of a Well lets see a little while longer.  So for me that is all about education and experience, and hearing in professional circles and through education in other forums and through reading in publications for the physician to get comfortable in putting the first patient on and then subsequently, when they have a good experience  which is not after month one; it can be a longer-term thing  putting additional patients on.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay, and are you able to quantify from your market research at all and maybe even provide the trends for awareness, kind of the aided and unaided level of interest and that sort of thing that exists out there today maybe versus at the time of launch, the beginning of the launch?
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So at launch there was not much awareness of Jakafi  it was very low. I dont want to cite the numbers but it was a low double-digit number on awareness of the product. And now on an unaided basis its more like 70% and on an aided basis its pretty much 100%. So its definitely becoming more aware. There is a difference as you know between awareness and knowledge and comfort, and so awareness is really getting up there. We still need to work on knowledge and comfort and that will happen over time.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay, and my last question: over on 050 you reaffirmed expectations to start Phase III before the end of the year, and I was just wondering if youd share your latest thoughts on design and maybe setting up for success on the structure [and endpoints] too.
Paul Friedman: Rich, youre closer to this than I am.
Rich Levy: Yes, so I have to be a little bit careful in what I say since Lily hasnt announced their specific plans. But what I will say is that weve learned from the experience of Pfizer, both from the data on patients who are already experienced on Methotrexate that was presented at the FDA Advisory Committee as well as the information that came out just this week on their positive results with both 5 mg and 10 mg [VID] doses in Methotrexate naives where top line results say that they did see a structure benefit there. And there are other lessons that we learned from Pfizers experience as well. So yes, therell be structure studies and well be able to talk more specifically about it when Lily announces what theyre doing.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Lisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities : Hi there, good morning. Can you just remind us what the Q1 sold in net was? Im not sure that Im tracking with all the numbers for at least Q1.
Dave Hastings: It was $22.1 million or something like that.
Paul Friedman: And that would be analogous to $32.7 million for this quarter. If you were doing sell in net its $32.7 million, and since weve had no product returns whatsoever that seems like a pretty legitimate number.
Dave Hastings: It was $22.7 million, in that range.
Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities : $22.7 million, and now were at about $32.7 million for the quarter?
Paul Friedman: Exactly.
Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities : Okay. And then can you give us any update you can on sort of the rollout timing expectations for Europe? We know obviously its approved but then it comes down to all the pricing negotiations and whatnot  just a sense of timing on when we can see some royalties flowing through that?
Rich Levy: So we said that we expect the approval to come sometime this summer, and I just couldnt be real specific about country-by-country pricing and reimbursement. We do know that Novartis had some sort of call earlier this week and talked about their expanded access program where they have 2200 patients on drug now and when there was pricing in each of those countries those patients had all come over very quickly, almost a bolus there which we dont have because we didnt have expanded access per se. So but I think that you can probably look at histories in each individual country as to how long those things usually take to get a ballpark.
Lisa Bayko  JMP Securities : Okay, fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Dave, I hate to beat the dead horse here on the guidance but I just want to make sure I understand the mid-teens quote from you. So if I understand the math right youre looking at net bookings of about $49 million in the first half of the year and comparing that to maybe $60 million-ish which is implied at the low end of your $120 million guidance for the year; and that the difference between those two is roughly high teens? Is that where youre coming from?
Dave Hastings: Yeah, thats one way of looking at it or you can look at gross shipments as well, Eric, where we did $60 million. If you want to do like-for-like we did $60 million and you would need high teens growth to get to net low end of our guidance.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks for the clarification. And then maybe a question for Pat: one thing that I am still struggling with is on patient numbers. If we kind of make some assumptions looking at your revenue growth Q4 to Q1 to Q2 of this year and kind of make some assumptions for when patients were added, it looks like you had a dramatic number of new patient adds in Q1; and probably exit Q1 its something like 1300 patients to 1500 patients on the drug; and then saw very few if any net new patient adds if any in Q2. Clearly you indicated you had at least 600 new patients being added in the quarter so where am I off here? Can you provide us with total patients on this drug? Any reason youre not?
Patricia Andrews: Well, weve always tried to go back to what are the market dynamics with Myelofibrosis and the fact that the patients are dispersed in the community and most docs only have a small number. Weve always thought the raw basis [decision for prescribing] was always the most critical metric. Because theres not been a drug out there for Myelofibrosis before, estimating things like discontinuations, compliance, duration of therapy  thats hard to do with the patients. You can look to the study data and make some estimates and conclusions but you dont know how that will be in the real world.  But you do know that a new prescriber is a very valuable thing to have because that means that is a physician who probably has a handful of MF patients now getting experience with the drug. So thats why that is the metric we continue to highlight, because we think that is a kind of unequivocal metric  we know what that means. That is a net positive that that number continues to grow; versus it is a little bit harder to read patient numbers and say What do they mean? It depends on how long the patients stay on drug.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Okay. I mean I guess I understand that point but can you also help me understand where my math has gone wrong? Or did the new patients total on this drug grow very little from the end of Q1 to the end of Q2?
Patricia Andrews: No, there were definitely new patient adds in Q2.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Net patients on drug?
Patricia Andrews: The net patients on drug increased in Q2.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Substantially?
Patricia Andrews: That depends on your definition of substantially. It increased very much the way weve sort of outlined we expected this to unfurl, in a gradual but steady increase.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Okay. Is there a point in time when you might allow IMS to collect data on prescriptions just to provide another source of information to us?
Patricia Andrews: Our challenge is that if we let the third parties collect data on prescriptions it also goes to potential competitors to give them a leg up even though they are a number of years behind us that we dont have to actually give them. And so it is important competitive intelligence and I would like to guard that for as long as I am able to.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of [Ying Wa] of Barclays Capital. Please state your question.
Christina  Barclays Capital: Hi guys, this is Christina on behalf of [Ying Wa]. So I just had a quick question around what types of average duration of Jakafi therapy youre seeing so far; and also to the extent that you can separate for us the proportion of intermediate and high-risk patients on Jakafi therapy.
Paul Friedman: Pat?
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So we think its too early to comment on duration of therapy so we havent provided that information. Its just Im not sure that it would tell you something that youd actually be able to successfully build a model off of, which is why weve gone the opposite way and tried to focus in on prescribers and referred you back to things such as the studies which provide you longer-term information. So were somewhat more forward-looking. And on the percent, what we know from our tracking studies is that about 90% of patients on the drug from the physicians that weve surveyed are intermediate II and high-risk, which is maybe 50% of the total in that patient population.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Friedman of Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Is the $9 million that you guys have shipped but booked as deferred revenue this year so far, is that a reasonably proxy for the dollar amount of channel fill to just build up the run rate of inventory? Or I guess a different way is of the revenue guidance that youve given, what amount of that in dollars is inventory buildup to get the channels full?
Dave Hastings: Yeah, $9 million is a good proxy for the inventory held at specialty pharmacies, David.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay, and thats a reasonable run rate given the demand that you guys are forecasting for the year?
Dave Hastings: Yes.
David Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Boris Peaker with Oppenheimer. Please state your question.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : Yes, hello. I would just like to understand the dosing within the first two to three months of new patient, particularly in the community settings. I mean specifically how often do you see docs prescribe maybe two different pill doses, either twice the number of 5 mgs or 5 mgs and 10 mgs to the same patient in order to enable them to adjust the dose themselves? And how is that different between the community setting versus more of an academic setting?
Paul Friedman: Pat?
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So most scripts are written for one bottle, a 30-day supply  that is the vast majority. But youre right; there are certainly some scripts that are for lower doses, say two bottles of 5 mg for whats intended to be a 10 mg dose and allows flexibility on the part of the prescribing physician. So just a couple of points on that: we have seen that those are generally covered without too much delay by payers so we consider that a very positive thing. It is coming more from academic physicians, physicians who have more experience with more patients I would say. More of the community physicians are actually starting on a fixed dose such as 15 mg or 20 mg and prescribing it in that strength rather than in subsets so they can titrate around it. But the majority are the script equals one bottle.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : And can you give maybe a more quantitative answer for the patients that do get lets say two bottles: how long do they typically get the two bottles for? My guess is at some point insurance companies might object to that. And quantitatively how much of an impact does that have on your revenue in terms of having twice the revenue from one patient?
Patricia Andrews: So again, its really quite a small percentage of the total. Its probably single-digit but to be honest I dont have that data in front of me, but its probably a single-digit number. And at the moment as I said its not something where there have been many payer issues, but of course the sooner you do something which is a little bit different from what the norm would be there may be an added delay on it. But we see in general very few payer issues, certainly none worth being overly concerned about.
Boris Peaker  Oppenheimer : Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Crump with Morningstar. Please state your question.
David Crump  Morningstar: Hi, thanks for taking the call. My question is on that 75% of physicians that you believe are waiting for the perfect candidate. How confident are you that theyre going to get one of those severe patients? It just seems like if theres maybe 3000 to 4000 severe patients out there theres a good chance, maybe even half the physicians will never get that perfect severe patient or at least not for many years. So is there any plan to kind of get them more comfortable with the drug and start using it on more intermediate or less severe candidates before they get that perfect candidate?
Patricia Andrews: Yes, absolutely. I mean education and particularly understanding a couple of aspects of the disease is really important because remember, most of these physicians may have 1500 patients in their practice and three or four of them are MF patients. So theyre just not as familiar overall with the disease or with the drug. But one thing that is clear is that many patients advance relatively rapidly; you saw that in our clinical trial. Data even at six months, if you look at what happened to the patients on placebo in COMFORT 1, their spleens grew  the vast majority progressed and progressed fairly rapidly, and sometimes to a fairly large extent. So MF patients, most will become severe at some point in time. Now of course we think for the benefit of patients it would be better to capture them earlier on in the disease so you dont let the spleen get so large, so you dont let the patient have this diminished quality of life, this heavy burden of disease. So it is important to start earlier and our label clearly allows that.  There are no restrictions on timing or starting, and so working on education about the progression of the disease and the role of our therapy in it is definitely an important thing and we will be focusing in on that more over the coming year than we have the past seven months where our focus was more directed on the already-diagnosed, more severely ill patient  put them on drug. Theyve waited long enough; give them something thats going to help them.
David Crump  Morningstar: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Mani Mohindru with ThinkEquity. Please state your question.
Mani Mohindru  ThinkEquity: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered but I just wanted to get a qualitative sense on discontinuations. What has your feedback been from the field and whats driving the discontinuations if at all? Is it the lack of expected efficacy or symptom relief that the patient or the physician wanted to see? Or is there emergence of side effects like thrombocytopenia or other [side opinions] thats driving that? And then I have one more follow-up question on the pipeline.
Patricia Andrews: So I would say the discontinuations, again, its hard to be more granular but anecdotally from our feedback from physicians there have been certainly some patients who were very severely ill who went on drug and their discontinuations are because they were just so advanced. But theres also some discontinuations for anemia or from bicitopenia.  There has to be more education out there on how you might manage expected side effects of the drug, and how when patients are on drug over a long period of time their hemoglobin comes back to somewhat below baseline but to a very reasonable level; and how patients, even though they may experience bad actually tend to still have a significant improvement in their spleen and their symptoms. In support of it is education on working through the discontinuations by adjusting the dose before the patient discontinues rather than having them discontinue. So we are seeing, theres certainly dose holds out there and it would be hard to know if something is a dose hold or a discontinuation until time passes. But a lot of it is just what we would expect on side effect management and comfort with that, and that goes back to the education.
Mani Mohindru  ThinkEquity: Okay, so the way Im looking at it right now is theres a potential for these patients to come back on therapy unless they go onto some other clinical trials once these side effects get resolved or managed in some way.
Patricia Andrews: I do think that patients, their platelets recover; their hemoglobin if it was depressed would recover. Its certainly a potential when the patient has that recovery to go back on drug. Our label really states how you restart dosing. Remember, thrombocytopenia would be an expected side effect based on mechanism. The part of it that is making sure that its well understood, how you work through that, how you keep the patient on drug  thats clearly the most beneficial thing for us if the patient is to never stop their treatment rather than discontinue, wait to recover and then go back on. And when they do restart whats the appropriate restarting dose?  So all of those things are about familiarity with the drug and for a physician who has one patient on drug thats a longer education than it would be for a physician on their fifth patient, on their sixth patient. So over time I do think that will also be something that familiarity and knowledge helps us work through, but right at the moment its all part of what would be expected at this stage of launch.
Mani Mohindru  ThinkEquity: Okay, thats helpful. And one quick question on the c-MET and the IDO: will we see any Phase I data from that before its completely handed over to your partner?
Rich Levy: So thats going to be up to Novartis at this point. Even though we did the Phase I study for them it really is their decision about what data will get presented and when.
Mani Mohindru  ThinkEquity: Okay. And the initiation of the Phase III RA program, will that be more likely a Q4 event right now rather than Q3? Is that how we should look at it? And Im trying to get at it from more of a financial perspective to you, from a milestone perspective.
Rich Levy: So I mean let me just say that I dont think Lily would be comfortable with us being that specific. But we dont think that theres much risk at all that it wouldnt happen this year, which indicates that its not close to the end of the year where things are targeted for.
Mani Mohindru  ThinkEquity: Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ian Somaiya of Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray: My questions were answered so Ill take myself off the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Thomas Wei of Jefferies & Co. Please state your question.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just two things: one, just to clarify from Rachels question. So when you talk about a consistent rate of week-over-week adds you meant throughout Q2 and going so far into Q3? And then what can you say around quantify round compliance rates with Jakafi so far?
Paul Friedman: Pat, do you want to take that?
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So my comment on new patient adds I was referring to Q2 over Q1. Were not commenting on anything after the quarter at the moment, which of course would be understood since this is a Q2 call. And on the next question, it was on... oh, compliance. Its still, it would be early to talk about compliance. Compliance almost by definition is a longer-term number. You look back over a year and you say how often did patients take the drug versus how often they were supposed to take the drug. And so its just too early to comment on a compliance rate.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: I know before youve said that reasonably well-tolerated oral chemotherapy drugs, the compliance that wed be looking at is in the 70% to 75% rate long-term. Is it fair to say that just given the fact that doctors are still getting used to this and used to the side effect profile that dose holds and the like, that you may be running at less than that and hoping to kind of get up to those rates over time?
Patricia Andrews: No. I think what I was trying to convey with the 70% to 75% is that that is a good compliance rate for a chronic oral cancer therapy, and I wasnt necessarily trying to tie it to Jakafi. It was more again, what things do you look at to help give some sense. I cant give compliance numbers because there hasnt been enough time since launch, but out there in general compliance of 70%, 75% is pretty good for a chronic oral oncology product. 
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: And that consistent rate comment of it being Q2 over Q1, I guess I dont understand that. I thought you talked about there being a bolus in Q1 so how could the number of patients added in Q2 be the same as Q1?
Patricia Andrews: I think what I was saying is there was consistent new patient adds in Q2.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you. Ill follow up offline.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Paul Friedman: This is Paul. Weve run past 9:30, its been a long call. So Ill just summarize by saying launch is going well. It is almost to the letter on what we forecasted before we launched the drug, and theres lumpiness if you look at it on a daily or weekly basis but if you look at it on a quarterly basis we think were growing. Launch is going well and weve said all along that we thought there would be steady and gradual growth and thats what were seeing. Just to reiterate about Q1, it was mildly higher than what we forecasted  not a classical bolus but there were some very sick people queued up. And well obviously keep plugging away and well anticipate that we will continue to grow. And so far theres no indication that were [not] growing at exactly the rate that we forecasted before we started this. Were very excited about baricitinib going into Phase III. We think it has a very high probability of technical success and we think that the compounds that we have earlier in the clinic, including 39-110 are very interesting and we look forward to providing you with more information on those at the appropriate time. So with that I will end the call and thank you very much for your attention. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Friedman, M.D.  President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Andrews  Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer David Hastings  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Richard Levy  Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer Pamela Murphy  Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
Analysts:  Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity Eric Schmidt, PhD  Cowen & Co.  Sapna Srivastava  Goldman Sachs Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase David Friedman, MD  Morgan Stanley Matt Roden, PhD  UBS Brian Abrahams, MD  Wells Fargo Securities Ying Wang  Barclays Capital Elliott Savis [ph]  Savis Research [ph]  
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you, Ms. Murphy. You may begin. 
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome. With me today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer.  Paul will begin with a brief overview of the quarter, Pat will update you on the product launch of Jakafi, and Dave will describe our first quarter 2012 financial results. Prior to opening up the call for Q&A, Paul will close with a summary of some of our other programs. Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations for the launch and commercialization of Jakafi as well as our development plans in other indications.  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul? 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Good morning, everyone. The launch of Jakafi for patients with intermediate- or high-risk myelofibrosis is going well. During the first quarter we recognized $19.3 million in net sales of Jakafi and we shipped 25.1 to our specialty pharmacies. Jakafi is an important advance for patients who suffer from this progressive and life threatening disease.  Given the compelling benefits it provides in terms of spleen reduction and symptom improvement, the encouraging survival data recently published in the New England Journal and the fact that this is the first FDA approved treatment for patients with MF, its not surprising to me that interest in Jakafi is high.  Additionally, last week our partner Novartis received recommendation by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, the CHMP, for approval of ruxolitinib, the treatment of disease related splenomegaly or symptoms in adult patients with primary post-polycythemia vera or post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis. We look forward to seeing patients and physicians outside the US have access to the drug. The positive CHMP opinion means that Incyte has earned a $40 million payment from Novartis and will earn a second payment of $60 million once Novartis receives reimbursement and pricing approval in specific EU countries. In the EU, the European Commission generally follows the recommendations of the CHMP and the decision will be applicable to all 27 EU member states.  In addition to the ongoing extensions of our Phase II and Phase III trials in MF, Incyte and Novartis are conducting a global pivotal Phase III trial called RESPONSE in patients with advance polycythemia vera and we continue to expect the RESPONSE study to be completed in 2013 with our goal being to obtain FDA approval of the SNDA in 2014. There are also a number of ongoing investigator-sponsored trials in leukemias and in lymphoma, and then there is the Incyte-sponsored trial in pancreatic cancer with that expected from that trial in 2013.  So for now, Ill turn the call over to Pat and then to Dave. 
Patricia Andrews: As Paul said, the launch is going well. Our launch tracking surveys, as well as feedback from our field force, suggest that physicians who have tried Jakafi are impressed by how quickly the product works and how dramatically it improves the debilitating symptoms and splenomegaly that affects so many patients with MF. In the near- to mid-term, we remain confident that this positive initial experience will lead to a steady increase in the use of Jakafi in patients with severe or moderate symptoms and/or splenomegaly.  Longer term, as we build awareness of the benefits of Jakafi and the burdensome progressive and life-threatening nature of MF, we expect that use of the product will gradually expand to include intermediate or high-risk MF patients with any degree of symptoms and/or splenomegaly.  While its still early on in the product launch, Id like to describe a couple of factors that we think drove our first quarter sales and why we continue to believe that our launch will build gradually. First, since weve launched Jakafi in November, weve conducted a series of market research surveys with hematologist-oncologists that are remarkably consistent with positive feedback from the field, as well as our own prelaunch market research.  Approximately two weeks after we launched Jakafi, awareness of the product jumped from 20% to 80%, and in our most recent survey conducted at the end of March, awareness of Jakafi had increased to 87%. Were further encouraged by the fact that well over 80% of physicians who have yet to prescribe Jakafi, from the survey, say that they expect to use the product in the future.  Our market research suggests that most patients receiving Jakafi thus far tend to have severe symptoms and larger spleens. This is consistent with our original expectations. In other words, the first patients on Jakafi tended to be the more ill patients in whom there was a clear belief that the benefit had the potential to outweigh the risks. It will take longer to move beyond these types of patients to those with earlier stage disease, and this will likely begin to occur as physicians become more comfortable with the product. As of March 30th, approximately 1,000 physicians had prescribed Jakafi. Our marketing and sales efforts are focused on reaching about 6,500 hematologist-oncologists. Thus far, most physicians have written a prescription for Jakafi for one patient, however, there is a growing number who have written a prescription for two or three patients and a handful of physicians, including some key opinion leaders, many of whom participate in the Phase III trial, who have written a prescription for Jakafi for five or more patients. About 85% of our prescribers are from the community and they have generated 70% to 75% of the volume since launch. This is consistent with our market research that says most MF patients are treated in the community setting.  We believe most community physicians are less familiar with myelofibrosis as, on average, they have just a few such patients. Many of these physicians typically want more information, more education and more time prior to prescribing a new product like Jakafi. Therefore, we will continue to focus on systematically reaching more of the community-based physicians.  Over time, we believe that most community hematologist-oncologists are likely to recognize the significance of our Phase III trial results, which clearly demonstrated the value of treatment with Jakafi as compared to placebo or best available therapy.  We also believe many of these physicians will appreciate the encouraging data on overall survival recently published in the New England Journal of Medicine and presented at ASH. But this will take time, which is why we believe that going forward, our growth rates for new prescribers and new patients may be more gradual than what we saw in the first quarter.  Regarding our experience with payers, because payers take 90 to 180 days to make formulary decisions, most scripts in the first quarter were still being processed as exceptions. The exception process is not necessarily indicative of the level of restrictions or patient out of pocket costs once the formulary decision is made. With that caveat, more than 40% of the time in the first quarter, Jakafi scripts were processed without restrictions.  The scripts that had prior authorizations were most likely ones that required a diagnosis of myelofibrosis or were limited in quantity, such as a maximum 30-day supply at any one time, and nearly all of these prior authorizations were approved. We should have a better sense of formulary coverage and restrictions later this year.  As expected, the price has not been a significant issue with most payers. About 55% of patients have been commercial pay. This is higher than the 40% to 45% that we originally estimated, though the percentage has been trending slightly downward and may continue to do so. About 80% of commercial patients have had copays of less than $100 a month.  About 30% of patients have been covered by Medicare Part D. This is lower than the 40% we expected, but as this has begun to trend slightly upward, the percentage may continue to increase over time. Nearly all Medicare Part D patients have been covered under the standard benefit design and many have sought and been able to access funds through charitable foundations.  10% to 15% of patients have received free drug. This is consistent with our original estimates. The remaining patients have Medicaid or receive care through other government programs such as the VA, 340Bs and TRICARE. To summarize, the first full quarter of the launch has gone well. Most of our assumptions regarding initial patients use, physician mix, payer acceptance and patient access are close to what we anticipated. Were off to a good start, and over the next few years were confident that the use of Jakafi has the potential to fundamentally change the way myelofibrosis is treated by providing significant benefits to patients with any degree of symptoms and/or splenomegaly.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Dave. 
David Hastings: Thanks, Pat and good morning, everybody. Im going to start my overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the quarter with $236 million in cash and investments, excluding $19 million in restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October, 2012 on our 4.75% convertible senior notes.  Our ending Q1 cash also excludes the $40 million milestone earned from Novartis announced last week based on the recommendation by CHMP for EU approval of ruxolitinib. This milestone will be recognized as revenue and paid in the second quarter of 2012. We expect to earn an additional $60 million when Novartis receives pricing and reimbursement approval from a subset of major European countries. We expect that to occur sometime in early 2013.  Now moving to product revenue. Its important to note that we are still using the sell-through method for revenue recognition, which means we defer revenue until the specialty pharmacy ships the product to the patient. We will transition to the more customary policy of recognizing revenue when our product is received by the specialty pharmacies once we have an established track record for product returns. While we do not expect product returns to be material, this interim accounting treatment is standard practice for many new products.  As Paul mentioned, for the quarter ended March 31st, we shipped 25.1 million of product to our specialty pharmacies and recorded gross revenue of $21.2 million. Our gross to net adjustment for product revenue recognized for the first quarter was approximately $1.9 million, resulting in net product revenue of $19.3 million. 31st [ph] was $6.5 million and our gross to net adjustment on our deferred revenue was $500,000, resulting in net deferred revenue of $6 million. Our gross to net adjustment includes the following: fees to our specialty pharmacies, rebates to governmental payers, our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients, copay assistance to eligible privately insured patients, and any product returns.  Its too early in the launch to provide guidance on product revenue and we will do so once we have a longer track record and greater clarity of the underlying trends related to Jakafi sale. It is also too early in the launch to provide guidance regarding the gross to net adjustment on a go-forward basis.  In terms of our non-product revenue, we are increasing guidance from $67 million to $107 million for 2012 to include the $40 million milestone earned from Novartis. Our cost of goods sold was immaterial as our starting finished goods inventory was previously expensed as R&D prior to FDA approval. And in terms of operating expenses, both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations.  So with $236 million in cash, the $40 million milestone we just earned from Novartis, the potential for additional significant milestones, and a product launch thats going well, Im confident were in a strong financial position.  With that, Ill turn the call back to Paul.
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Okay, thanks, Dave. So before going to Q&A, Im going to just briefly take you through the status for the rest of our pipeline. For Incyte 28050, the JAK1 and JAK 2 inhibitor partnered with Lilly, the six month Phase IIb trial in rheumatoid arthritis patients is complete and all eligible patients are now in the open label extension phase.  The three-month data will be presented at ULAR in a late break or oral session, or the late break or oral session, and we expect the six-month data to be presented at ACR. Plans for the Phase III program are well underway and we would expect that Phase III program to start later this year.  Lilly is also conducting a double-blind placebo controlled dose ranging study to explore the efficacy and safety of 050 in 240 adults with moderate to severe psoriasis, and while its obviously dependent on the timing of patient enrollment, were expecting to see data for the primary endpoint in the first half of next year.  Our earlier stage oncology programs for C-MET and IDO are ongoing. For the C-MET inhibitor, were nearing completion of the initial Phase I trial in patients with solid tumors, and in parallel to that, Novartis has now initiated a study in patients with C-MET dependent advanced solid tumors. For IDO, we plan on beginning our Phase II trial in patients with melanoma mid-year, followed by a trial in patients with ovarian cancer in the second half of the year.  We have other ongoing proprietary clinical development programs in oncology and inflammation. Ive mentioned them before, but I havent described them for competitive reasons. At the appropriate time, I look forward and plan to describe these programs to you.  Operator, could we now please open the call for Q&A? 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting the question and answer session. (Operator instructions) Our first question is coming from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please state your question. 
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning and congratulations. Fantastic start to the Jakafi launch. A couple of questions.  One is just, Pat, you made a comment that the growth rate in subsequent quarters should be slower, so I just wanted to dig in to that because on the one hand, youre telling us that the large volume of prescriptions is coming from the community. You still have a huge runway of prescribers to be adding and physicians are starting to go from one to two to three to four prescriptions, so I just want to understand how to interpret that comment.  And then separately, Paul, I wanted to ask you about the Lilly partnered RA program and try to understand how important the tofacitinib panel is to your Phase III planning. Thanks very much. 
Patricia Andrews: Hi, Rachel. Good morning. So, what I meant by saying that growth in the future will be gradual relates to the patient population that weve been able to reach, so I do think theres a large opportunity in total out there, but its the first patients weve reached have been those with more severely ill patients with symptoms, more burdensome symptoms, larger splenomegaly, and those probably would come faster because its more obvious that they should get the drug and they should get the drug right away.  But over time, we will, of course, be moving into the patient population, which ultimately is larger, which is patients who dont have as advanced disease. They may have any degree of symptoms and splenomegaly and it will take longer to make inroads into that patient population, so I do expect continued growth, but I dont necessarily expect the growth in absolute numbers to be as large for new prescribers or new patients as it was in the first quarter. 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Rachel, can you just repeat the Lilly question, please?
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, Im just curious -- theres an upcoming tofacitinib panel on May 9th where, obviously, that products going to be reviewed and Im just wondering if theres any information or how we should think about that panel impacting your Phase III planning, if at all. 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : So, obviously, that panel is quite important and were definitely going to be tuned in, and Lilly will be, too, as to what transpires there. There are common features between tofacitinib and 28050, but there are also some distinguishing features that we believe, in general, favor 28050, but if there are class issues that come up that are either good or bad, depending on how the committee discusses them and ultimately votes on them, Im certain that Lilly, with our input, will use that information to adjust what is now a very mature Phase III plan.  But we are cautiously optimistic that that advisory committee should go reasonably well. The data looked pretty good. We just never know what twists and turns could come out of it that could be useful to you in finalizing your Phase III development plan. 
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Co. Please state your question. 
Eric Schmidt, PhD  Cowen & Co. : Congratulations, as well, on a great start. Maybe for Pat, just wondering if you have any kind of rough guesstimate of the proportion of the severe and moderate patient population that you have penetrated or any kind of estimate of how many more quarters it might take to get to a more mature point in time with that phase of the launch. And then a question for perhaps Dave, youve mentioned in the past the channel inventory, I think at the end of Q4, was about two or three weeks worth of sales. Is that still the case at the end of Q1?
Patricia Andrews: Good morning, Eric. I dont have an estimate for you on how deeply into the patient population weve penetrated, but I can tell you in our launch tracking surveys, approximately, which we interviewed about 50 hematologist-oncologists.  Weve been doing it every two weeks or every month since we got approval, that for those -- and they all had to have treated at least one patient with Jakafi, and that suggests that about 80% of their use was in patients with moderate or severe symptoms and are splenomegaly, and about 90% were intermediate, too, or high-risk, so you can see that the usage is definitely, at the moment, in that more severe patient population, and we still have a significant inroads to make there, as well, as over the longer term in a patient population less burdened by the disease but still with splenomegaly and/or symptoms. 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : And, Eric, yes, were estimating the specialty pharmacies hold about two to three weeks of inventory than the Q1. 
Eric Schmidt, PhD  Cowen & Co. : Okay, and if I can squeak in one more, in the past, I think youve guided to essentially no cost of goods in 2012 given the better ramp here that were seeing. Is that still the case? 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Yes. 
Eric Schmidt, PhD  Cowen & Co. : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies & Co. Please state your question. 
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Thanks. Just a follow up, again, on this whole point about the commentary about future growth. I guess Im just trying to make sure that I completely understand that the slower growth rate that youre talking about going forward, it does not sound like thats a trend that you have already seen, say toward the end of the first quarter or the early second quarter. Thats just something that youre guessing is going to happen in some future quarter. Is that the right way to interpret that? 
Patricia Andrews: Thats the right way to interpret it. Im just -- Im looking at the patient population thats out there and our plan for how we reach them, and how physician prescribing behavior is much more likely to go to a more severely ill patient first and then they need to have experience with that.  This all takes a substantial amount of time to unroll, so thats just how Im looking going forward. 
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Is it fair to say that, actually, if you look at the trajectory over the course of the quarter, maybe its actually the opposite of what the last question was that I was indicating, that towards the end of the first quarter even, whatever trends youre seeing in the early second quarter, that things may actually be accelerating? 
Patricia Andrews: Thomas, were not going be able to give more insight into what the quarter looks like. Its too early at this stage of the launch. So what I can say is that the scripts and patient numbers were strong, as you gathered, and we attribute a lot of that to the use that came from key opinion leaders and from early adopters in the community, and all of them treating more severely ill patients, so thats really just where we are right now.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: And maybe a question on this whole stability inventory stocking question, are you able to say whether or not youre more towards the lower end of that range or the higher end of that range? 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Thomas, I think were right there. I mean, its a pretty small range, two to three weeks, and thats looking like thats going to be the range, and thats what we expected going into the launch and nothings changed. 
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: So if youre kind of right in the middle of that range, then the two to three weeks and the $6.5 million would actually suggest that the exiting run rate at the end of the quarter would be in the kind of low- to mid-30s? Is that the right sort of math? Am I doing that correctly?
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Again, we dont -- were not going to comment directly on that, Thomas. As Pat has said, the launch is going well and --
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Okay, and then maybe just one last thing. The high risk populations, you had originally said that it was 30%, I think, of all myelofibrosis patients, and if youre still confident in the overall number of patients there, the first quarter doesnt really represent very much penetration of that group of just the high risk patients. Is that fair?
Patricia Andrews: What weve always said, Thomas, is that physicians in practice look at their MF patients as mild, moderate and severe, and within that, each one is about a third of the population. If youre actually looking at risk prognostic factors, theres four gradations and its low, intermediate one, intermediate two, high risk, and of course, were indicated for intermediate and high risk. 
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please state your question. 
Matt Roden, PhD  UBS: Great, thanks. First of all, congrats on the great execution of the launch here and thanks for taking my question. It looks like theres obviously a lot of demand here in myelofibrosis, but is there any evidence of physician-driven spontaneous adoption in the other indications such as PV?
Patricia Andrews: As might be expected with a new product in the new -- thats from a new class for patients mostly treated in the community, theres not been much usage outside of myelofibrosis, and that would be expected and I think that that would continue for quite a while because just like they need to get comfortable with the patient population that theyre treating in myelofibrosis, it would take much, much, much longer for them to have comfort outside of that for a large number of physicians. Of course, there would always be some exceptions. 
Matt Roden, PhD  UBS: Okay, great, thanks. And then just lastly, Pat, a question on coverage. You mentioned that most patients that youre seeing have gained access to the drug, but of those who have not so far gained access, was there any common features in those patients that we should take into consideration as we think about maybe low -- are there any subsets that we should expect low expectations for?
Patricia Andrews: No, really, coverage has been very broad, very open and its not always been immediate because there have been prior auth and sometimes additional information needs to be provided, but its nearly always been ultimately successful and there wouldnt be a characteristic that I could point out which has been --  I mean, the only time its not been successful, really, is when its not been for myelofibrosis because the prior authorizations usually do require that and thats one that theyre not usually going to go around. 
Matt Roden, PhD  UBS: Great. Thanks very much and congratulations. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question. 
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Hi, and Id also like to get in the queue and say congratulations on the great quarter. I just wanted to maybe get a sense of your plans for ASCO, what kind of data youll be discussing there and also ULAR, your presence there with the RA data. 
Richard Levy: This is Rich. Theres a little bit of data at ASCO that is brand new. A lot of it is looking back again at the COMFORT studies and providing more detailed analyses in certain areas.  The one study that were going to be presenting that weve not talked about before is one in patients who start with counts below 100,000, or essentially between 50,000 and 100,000, and well be presenting data where those patients start at five milligrams twice daily and worked their way up.  And just a general sense of that, most patients are able to work their way up to doses that are effectively treating both cytokine and spleen-related symptoms and well provide more data on that, and I believe that the actual titles of the ASCO presentations were posted maybe this morning or last night.  In terms of the ULAR, the only presentation is the Lilly presentation on their Phase IIb study with R28050. Thats three-month data. We expect the six-month data to be presented at ACR, and I think youve heard from Lilly, who tends to be very quiet, that theyre talking now in their call, I guess yesterday or the day before, theyre talking about the drug and their expectations to go into Phase III, so you can take from that that the date looked good. 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : I would just reiterate that last point. I think the data looked very good and people will be highly impressed with how clean the compound is, how low the dose is and how eye-popping the efficacy data is. 
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, wow. Looking forward to that. Will you be hosting any sort of analyst/investor event there? 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : No. 
Patricia Andrews: Not at ULAR, probably at ACR. 
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, great, and then just a final question on the European label. I noted they sort of indicated that it was for usage in people who are displaying signs or symptoms along with splenomegaly. Can you give us a sense of how restrictive you think that will be and in what percentage of the patients with myelofibrosis actually have either signs, symptoms or splenomegaly? Thank you.
Paul Friedman, M.D. : I think its actually, at the end of the day, at least as broad as what we have. Its anyone. It could be -- they could be viewed as low risk, but if they had spleen or symptoms, they would be eligible under that label to be treated. Theres no restriction with respect to platelets there, either, so I would say its -- the indication is pretty broad. 
Richard Levy: Yes, remember that -- I dont know if we talked about this before, but low-risk patients, for example, 50% of them have significant splenomegaly, and a lot of them have symptoms as well. They dont have the so-called constitutional symptoms, the fever, night sweats and weight loss, but they can have many of the other symptoms, pruritus as well as the spleen-related symptoms, so I think it is a broad label for them. 
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities, LLC: Excellent, and congratulations on all the accomplishments this quarter. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Salveen Richter with Canaccord Genuity. Please state your question. 
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter. Im just wondering, Pat, if you have any expectations for the period of time that they key targeted physicians who have not yet prescribed the drug could come online? And then I think youve previously mentioned that about 15% to 20% of MF patients are misdiagnosed or undiagnosed. Are you seeing any of these patients get treatment? 
Patricia Andrews: Good morning, Salveen. I think physicians who havent prescribed, in the surveys, they said within the next six months or when they have a next MF patient come in, so thats why I do believe that will be gradual but steady over many quarters to come just because of how the patients come in and how the physicians get comfortable with the treating -- treatment aspects of it.  And the second question was? 
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Just about the 15% to 20% or more of patients that are misdiagnosed or undiagnosed. 
Patricia Andrews: Right, so I wouldnt have any information on that. What comes in to us is they were diagnosed with MF, and therefore, theyre going on our drug. If they had previously been MDS or something else, I wouldnt know that. 
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: And then if I could just ask another, where do you stand in regards to deciding on the registration study and ET with Jakafi?
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Rich, do you want to comment on that? 
Richard Levy: Yes. We have our thoughts kind of together on this and the next step is putting together a package to talk to FDA and see whether or not our preliminary approach is one that they are going to like, and if thats the case, wed probably start sometime in early 2013. 
Salveen Richter  Canaccord Genuity: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan Chase. Please state your question. 
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase: Hi. Good morning, guys, and thank you for taking the question. I have two of them for you that I have left. First, I realize the launch is more or less matching your internal expectations based on your market research at this point, but is there anything in the early commercial trends or the physician feedback that you have been surprised by?  And then secondly, Im just wondering if theres anything you can say about early patient dropouts or maybe the general tolerability of the drug as youre getting kind of in the real world? 
Patricia Andrews: Sure. Good morning, Cory. No, theres really been no -- nothing that we hadnt anticipated because we had done, really, an extensive amount of market research, so I think that its very much meeting our expectations in how we thought things would happen.  Possibly initial uptake was a little bit faster than we thought, but that aside -- and then as far as early tolerability of the drug, which we know is very tolerable, but how is it in the real world, it would be too early for us to have significant insight into that.  The drugs not been on the market that long and most patients would have done one or two months of therapy at most, but we have a high level of confidence based on the results from the clinical trial that this is a well-tolerated drug. 
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase: So theres been nothing anecdotal about patients dropping off the drug earlier than you would have expected? 
Patricia Andrews: No, there hasnt been.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Chase: Okay. Alright, thanks and great job with your early launch. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ying Wang with Barclays Capital. Please state your question. 
Ying Wang  Barclays Capital: Thank you for taking my question, as well. It was very a [inaudible] quarter. My first question is your gross to net adjustment is about 9% this quarter and should we assume roughly the same range going forward?  And then second question is whats the rationale behind using capecitabine as a pancreatic cancer trial [inaudible] because I know that drug was not approved as a treatment for pancreatic here? 
David Hastings: Ill take the growth net question, Ying. Its a little too early in the launch to really guide as to what the ultimate steady state gross to net percentage will be. We need to see further trends in things like the breakdown of the type of patients and the like, so it will take at least a couple more quarters to really have a stable trend there, I think. 
Richard Levy: With respect to your second question, were studying second line pancreatic cancer and there are not specific drugs that are approved for that, and it has been historically the case that you can study your drug in combination with unapproved drugs in such settings as long as you get that buy-in from the Food and Drug Administration or other regulators around the world.  This is a Phase II study. It has a small percentage of being a registration study if the results are very strong. We anticipate that more likely we would start a registration study based on these results and have detailed discussions with FDA once we have results of this in hand. 
Ying Wang  Barclays Capital: But I assume you saw some sort of pre-clinical activity between the two drugs, between ruxolitinib and capecitabine?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Yes, we have seen the graph-type models where we see activity, but one of the other rationales for using capecitabine is the lack of overlapping toxicity, especially with respect to bone marrow suppression, whereas the first line drug does have bone marrow suppressive activities and we just thought that was a wiser way to go and the xenograft model supported that.   
Ying Wang  Barclays Capital: Got it. Congratulations again. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 
David Friedman, MD  Morgan Stanley: Hi. This is Breanne calling in for Dave. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could provide any color on what youre seeing in terms of Jakafi dose reductions.
Patricia Andrews: Its really too early in the launch to have much insight into dose reductions. Theres been titration. Its a product that does get titrated in the judgment of the physician. They might have started low and titrate up to go for more efficacy. They might have started maybe higher than they should have for the patient and they dose down, so its a drug that does have titration and it would be too early for us to be able to read into what those titrations mean at this point. 
David Friedman, MD  Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities. Please state your question. 
Brian Abrahams, MD  Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. This is Shin Kang calling in for Brian. Congratulations on a great quarter. Thinking about launch trajectory in Europe, I was wondering if the Early Access program in Europe gives a head start in pricing negotiation and maybe accelerate the uptake in Europe, and any additional information on country by country launch timeline would be very helpful. Thanks. 
Patricia Andrews: Im sorry, but were not able to give greater color for Novartis here. Its their market and I wouldnt want us to be speaking on their behalf. 
Brian Abrahams, MD  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, fair enough, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Sapna Srivastava with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question. 
Sapna Srivastava  Goldman Sachs: Hello. Hello?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Good morning, Sapna. 
Sapna Srivastava  Goldman Sachs: Hi. Congratulations on a great quarter and a great launch. Most of the questions have been asked. I just had a quick follow up. I was trying to really just understand in between the high-risk patients and intermediate to low-risk, what is the differential in awareness between physicians and diagnosis rates currently form your understanding, for our understanding, to see how the drug can pick up in the low-risk patients as we move forward in the launch?
Patricia Andrews: Sapna, I dont know if its a difference on diagnosis. I think its a difference in the physicians perception of how that patient presents and are they presenting -- let me re-step. Im going back to, of course, physicians in the community tend to look at it as the patient being mild, moderate and severe rather than on prognostic levels.  So with that, I think their characterization is usually based on the extent that the patient has splenomegaly and the extent that the patient has symptoms. Sometimes they may factor in whether the patient is transfusion-dependent or not and what their platelet count is, but in general, they work on splenomegaly and symptoms and that the diagnosis is for MF, but then they just characterize them on one of those three ways.  So I think your question on penetration into that group, into those intermediate patients who may be more -- or high risk may be more mild in their symptoms. That would be the longer term challenge that we face is to make inroads into that patient population and I feel confident that we will do so. It just -- it will be gradual because it takes a while for a physician who doesnt have a lot of patients who have MF to get comfortable with the treatment paradigms, the right patient population, how you manage that patient and the benefits that patient gets. So those are all things that just come with time, so thats how we see -- and they come with education in the marketplace and being -- and having a speaker from the platform at educational events, talk about the product and the treatment. They come over time through education, experience and growing comfort levels. 
Sapna Srivastava  Goldman Sachs: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Elliott Savis [ph] with Savis Research [ph]. Please state your question. 
Elliott Savis  Savis Research: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Just wondering if you could talk about your estimates for duration of therapy for patients on Jakafi. Thanks. 
Patricia Andrews: MF is a chronic disease and Jakafi is a chronic medicine, so we would expect, just as we saw in the clinical trials, that many patients who go on drug do, in fact, stay on it for many years. However, there will always be some patients who stay on it less and some who stay on it very long periods of time.  So thats our anticipation going forward. Its too early in the launch cycle to make any -- draw any conclusions from real world experience. Many patients will have only been on drug for a month or two months. 
Elliott Savis  Savis Research: Is there anything in clinical trial data that helps you estimate duration of use?
Richard Levy: In the Phase II study, which is the longest use which started in 2007, data was presented at ASH this past year by Dr. Verstovsek showing that at that point, the median duration of treatment was about three years. But again, as Pat says, clinical trials and real world can be somewhat different and we just cant assess whether the real world is going to be matching that number yet. Thats something well look at over the next couple years. 
Elliott Savis  Savis Research: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the floor back over to Dr. Paul Friedman for closing remarks. 
Paul Friedman, M.D. : Okay, thank you and thank you all for your attention and questions today. I think were off to a good start, but it is a start. We have confidence that we will grow the product and think were excited about that prospect.  Were excited about the RESPONSE study and we are also pretty excited about the RA data thats going to be presented at ULAR. Were all going to be sitting with bated breath for the upcoming advisory committee at ontelprecitnib [ph].  Some of the programs I havent described are, I think, pretty interesting programs and well roll them out over the next couple of quarters for you, but its just, again, for competitive reasons, just a little bit premature, which is why we keep alluding to them but we havent given you any specifics.  Anyway, thanks for your attention and well talk to you again soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Paul Friedman - President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Andrews - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer David Hastings - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Richard Levy - Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer
Analysts: Matthew Roden  UBS Ying Wang - Barclays Capital Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Salveen Richter  Collins Stewart Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird  Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co Yogesh  Goldman Sachs David Friedman - Morgan Stanley David Crumpler[ph]  Morningstar   
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Fourth Quarter 2011 and year-end financial results call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you Ms. Murphy, you may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and welcome to Incytes fourth quarter 2011 conference call. With me today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. Paul will begin with brief overview of the quarter, Pat will update you on the product launch of Jakafi, and Dave will describe our fourth quarter results and 2012 financial guidance. Prior to opening up the call for the Q&A, Paul will close with the summary of some of our other programs. Before beginning, we would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including, statements regarding our expectations for the launch and commercialization of Jakafi, as well as our development plans for other indications and our 2012 financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 and from time-to-time in our SEC documents. Paul
Paul Friedman: Good morning everyone. The approval on the launch of Jakafi for myelofibrosis represents a major accomplishment for Incyte and an important advance for patients who suffer from this debilitating disease. Given the compelling benefits Jakafi provides, the encouraging survival trend that was described at ASH and the fact that this is the first FDA approved treatment for patients with MF, as well as the first commercially available JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor not surprising to me that interest in Jakafi is high and that the launch has been going well. Since approval, on November 16 and beginning on November 22 through December 31, we were able to recognize $2 million as net sales in 2011 based on $4.9 million of Jakafi that we shipped to our specialty pharmacies. Dave is going to walk you through this with more detail in a moment.  I would like to take a minute to describe why I believe Jakafi is going to be a successful product. First, there is no existing therapy that does what Jakafi does for these patients. Drug truly works, can make a meaningful difference and how a patient with myelofibrosis feels and gets through daily activities. Its well tolerated. And the associated side effects that are seen are generally well managed. Second, once physicians have experience with the drug, more often first with their more ill MF patients and they see how effective Jakafi is, I believe they want to use Jakafi in the majority of their intermediate or high-risk MF patients. And we believe this represents about 80% to 90% of all MF patients.  I can tell you that we have gotten back from the field even in these early days multiple testaments to what I just said about the physicians and patients and the responses that they are getting through the drug. Now these two risk groups, intermediate or high-risk, encompass anyone over the age of 65 or anyone who has or has ever had any of the following: anemia, constitutional symptoms, or elevated white blood cell or blast counts, as well as anyone who has or ever had a platelet count of less than 100,000. So you can see in this group why the overwhelming majority of the total MF population fits in to these two risk categories.  Now, third reason for my optimism is about Jakafis commercial potential is that we have received a broad descriptive label from the FDA with no restriction on baseline platelet count, nor is the label limited to patients with splenomegaly or specific symptoms of MF. And this gives me further confidence that overtime the benefits of Jakafi will be viewed as appropriate for most patients with MF. Myelofibrosis should be just the beginning. The JAK pathway is involved in the growth and survival of numerous other cancers and our plans, as well as those of our partner in Novartis involve advancing into other myeloproliferative neoplasms, hematologic cancers and solid tumors either in separate studies or collaboratively. In particular, in addition to the ongoing extensions of our Phase II/III trials in MF, there is a pivotal Phase III response trial in patients with advanced polycythemia and there are also trials in leukemias, lymphomas and in pancreatic cancer.  Regarding the PV pivotal study response, our proposal to amend the entry criteria and reduce the size of the study was accepted by the FDA under our existing SPA. The trial design now involves 200 patients randomized 1:1, ruxolitinib versus best available therapy, and we continue to expect the study to be completed in 2013 with our goal being to obtain FDA approval of the sNDA in 2014. I am now going to turn the call over to Pat Andrews and then she will pass the baton to Dave Hastings. Pat is going to describe more specifics about the Jakafi launch and Dave will walk you through our fourth quarter results and 2012 guidance and then I will conclude with a very brief update on some of our earlier stage programs before we move to the Q&A. Pat.
Patricia Andrews: Thanks, Paul. Good morning. This is an exciting time for Incyte. Almost immediately after approval, the sales force began calling on physicians and the first patient, a Medicare patient received Jakafi within a week. With six weeks in the fourth quarter to sell Jakafi remembering that one we concluded at Thanksgiving, one included ASH and one was between Christmas and New Year, the level of sales achieved thus far confirms that the launch is going well. While its still early, based on our market research and feedback from the field its very gratifying to see how much awareness there already is about Jakafi. Over 80% of the physicians weve surveyed say they are aware of the product. As importantly, over 90% of physicians we surveyed who have not yet prescribed Jakafi say they intend to do so. To give you a sense of how it is going for the reps, so far the sales team has reached about two-thirds of the 6,500 hematologist, oncologist were focusing on, many of them more than once. Because the interest in Jakafi is high and there is a clear unmet need for an effective therapy for myelofibrosis, the reps have been able to have good discussions with their key physicians and accounts and office access has not been an issue. Thus far the number of physicians who have written the script is above where we thought it would be and while most have written a script for one patient there is a growing number who have written for two patients and then there are some who have written for quite a few. The highest prescriber a leading expert in myelofibrosis has written more than -- a script for more than 15 patients. As important as the thought leaders are and they are very important, we expect that about 75% to 80% of Jakafi prescriptions will ultimately come from community hematologists/oncologists, most of whom have only a handful of MF patients and thus far we are pleased to be seeing a broad base of prescribers emerging versus the concentration from a select group of thought leaders. As predicted, most of the community hematologist/oncologist are starting with one patient, therefore we continue to expect uptake to be steady and gradual. Also, as we predicted, most of the initial uses in patients who have large spleens and/or have a high symptomatic burden but we are also seeing some use in earlier intermediate patients, especially among physicians who are already familiar with Jakafi because they participated in COMFORT-I, the US total study.  In terms of access and reimbursement, this too is going as expected. IncyteCARES, our patient assistance program is functioning well and hoping to insure all eligible patients have access to Jakafi. If financial assistance is needed, IncyteCARES can help patients directly or connect them to third party foundations where they may qualify for assistance. In regards to payer coverage, most payers take between 90 and 180 days to make formulary decision, consequently most scripts are currently being processed as exceptions rather than underformulary. The time to fill the first script very significantly depending on the payer and the patients financial circumstances. Now, some patients have received product within just a few days, while for others it has taken longer. The average is two to three weeks for the first script. Subsequent scripts are generally dispensed much faster because coverage in financial assistance have already been determined.  IncyteCARES is also working closely with the specialty pharmacies to ensure appropriate follow-up with patients and their physicians regarding refills and thus far this too is going well. So, while we are still early on in the launch we are pleased with our results and believe that Jakafi should become the standard care for intermediate or high-risk MF patients overtime. With that I will turn the call over to Dave.
David Hastings: Thanks, Pat and good morning everybody. I will start today by discussing Q4 results and then I will review our 2012 guidance. Lets begin with 2011 cash. We ended the year with approximately $278 million in cash and investments. This excludes $19 million in restricted cash held in escrow for payments through October 2012 on our 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes. Our cash use for the year was $188 million not including $25 million received for milestone payments and $16 million received from stock option exercises. This was right within our cash use guidance for $185 to $200 million for 2011. Now moving to Jakafi. Its important to note that for a period of time we are using a sell-through method for revenue recognition, which means we defer revenue until the specialty pharmacy ships the product to the patient. We will transition to our normal policy of recognizing revenue when our product is received by the specialty pharmacy and once we have an established track record for product returns. While we do not expect product returns to be material, this is a standard practice for many new products. Through December 31, we shipped 4.9 million of product to our specialty pharmacies resulting in gross revenue of $2.3 million and gross deferred revenue of $2.6 million. Our gross-to-net adjustment for product revenue recognized was approximately $300,000, resulting in net product revenue of $2 million. And our gross-to-net adjustment for deferred revenue was also approximately $300,000 resulting in net deferred revenue of $2.3 million.  As discussed at our approval call, our gross-to-net adjustment includes the following: fees to our specialty pharmacies, rebates to governmental payers, our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients, co-pay assistance to eligible privately insured patients, and any product returns. We had no cost of goods sold as our finished goods inventory was previously expense of R&D prior to FDA approval. And in terms of our operating expenses both R&D and SG&A were within our expectations. Now moving to 2012 guidance. It is too early on the launch to provide guidance on product revenue. We intend to provide sales guidance once we have a longer track record and greater clarity of the underlying trends related to Jakafi sales. This is also too early in the launch to determine the steady state impact of our gross to net adjustments on a go forward basis. In terms of milestones, while we arent providing detailed guidance as to the timing or amounts of potential milestones, I can say that there are important events expected in 2012, including the potential product approval for Novartis in Europe and the potential initiation of Phase III in RA by Lilly.  We also expect $67 million in revenue from the amortization of the upfront payments received under the Novartis and Lilly collaborative agreements. As we mentioned on our approval call, we expect that our previously expensed validation batches will be utilized as inventory. Therefore cost of goods sold should be immaterial in 2012. In terms of R&D expense, we expect that to range from $215 to $225 million. This includes non-cash stock compensation expense of approximately $25 to $28 million. Our increase in R&D expense from 2011 includes higher co-development cost for the ongoing development of 28050 for RA, our aggressive effort to expand the use of Jakafi and other indications, a commitment to advance our proprietary pipeline in oncology and inflammation and higher non-cash stock compensation charges. In terms of SG&A expense, we expect that to range from $82 to $88 million. This includes non-cash stock compensation expense of $13 to $15 million. The increase reflects the impact of having a sales force onboard for the entire year, continued marketing investment in support of Jakafi, and increased non-cash stock compensation charges. We expect our interest expenses here to be $46 million, including a non-cash charge of $27 million related primarily to the amortization of a discount on the 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes. As I mentioned earlier, we have an escrow, the $19 million in cash interest expense related to these notes in 2012. So, with $278 million in cash and a product launch thats going as expected, am confident we are in a strong financial position. There are also significant upcoming events from our partners that could lead to potential milestones. And so with that Paul Ill turn the call back over to you.
Paul Friedman: Okay. And so, before we open the call for Q&A I just want to give you a very brief summary of the other compounds that we are moving forward in our pipeline. 428050, the JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor that we partnered with Lilly, the Phase IIb trial in rheumatoid arthritis patients is nearing completion, its quite close to completing. Ideally the three months and six-month data will be presented at ULAR [ph] and ACR respectively. Plans for the Phase III are underway and leaves back that the Phase III program will start later this year. And because we have exercised our co-development option for RA, we are now responsible for funding 30% of the associated future development cost for this indication. As a result of this, our tiered [ph] royalties increase and now range from 20% up to the high 20s. In addition, Lilly recently began a 240 patient randomized, double-blind, placebo-control, dose-ranging study to explore the efficacy and safety of 28050 in adults with moderate to severe psoriasis. While its dependent on the timing of patient enrollment obviously, we expect to see that for the primary end point in the first half of 2013. Our earlier stage named oncology programs for inhibitors of the enzyme C-MET and IDO are ongoing. Both look very promising and are expected to move into Phase II trials this year. Novartis will take over the C-MET program and develop it. And for the indoleamine dioxgenase inhibitor we planned on beginning a trial in patients with melanoma mid-year followed by a trial in patients with ovarian cancer in the second half of the year. And we do have several other promising programs in oncology and inflammation clinical development and I really look forward to describing them to you possibly later this year. So with that I would ask the operator to please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Roden, your line is live for questions.
Matthew Roden  UBS: I am sorry, I was on mute. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a very nice start for Jakafi. I really appreciate all the color on the coverage and the time to acquiring a script, thats really helpful. But we are at the exact mid-point of the quarter here, is there any color you can provide on a weekly run rates over the past five, six weeks vis--vis the first five weeks or so that you are selling in fourth quarter? And then secondly, Dave or Paul, can you comment on how you feel about your capitalization level at this point? You gave us guidance here pretty much in line with consensus, but also you have potential for several cash milestones coming in this year. So, can you give us a sense on how you feel for the year on capitalization? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: Yes. So on the first Matt, we dont want to get ahead of ourselves. I dont think that would be good for us and actually would not be good for you. We are very comfortable and pleased with how things are going right up until today, but we are not going to comment on what has happened since January 1st until the quarter is over and we do the next call. But the launch is going well and we are feeling very good about where we are. We just cant get anymore quantitative than that at this point. On the second question, I am going to let Dave handle that.
David Hastings: Yes, lets reiterate what Paul said. We are confident, we are in a very strong financial position. Launch is going as expected. We ended the year with $278 million in cash. As I mentioned, our partners have very exciting events coming up this year which would be for obvious milestones for our company. So I think we are in a very good shape from capitalization prospective.
Matthew Roden  UBS: Great. Thanks a lot and congrats on the launch.
Paul Friedman: Thank you, Matt. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ying Wang of Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Wang - Barclays Capital: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question also. First question is, should we expect the gross to net adjustment around a 12% to 13% for the rest of the year? Then also, do you guys have any idea when Lilly might release the data from the Phase IIb RA trail? Thank you.
Paul Friedman: Yes, on the gross, it is a little too early to project what that is going to look like, as I have mentioned a couple of times now. The components of those are primarily driven by Paramax [ph] and once we have an established trend there, we will be able to give guidance as to what the go for gross in that looks like.
David Hastings: So on the RA study, it is my belief that Lilly will not release data prior to the time that it is, either presented at a meeting or the abstract is published, we are pretty confident, but cant be sure that will happen at ULAR, which is I think the first week in June of this year. That will be, as we said in the script, the 12-week results with the 24-week results are presented at ACR in the fall.
Paul Friedman: I would say from the two-way data that we generated earlier and the fact that the study is designed almost identically, I am looking forward to some very impressive data we make present it.   
Ying Wang - Barclays Capital:  Okay. Thanks. And then if I make another follow up, how long did it take the $2.3 million deferred revenue to clear the channel?
Paul Friedman: Well, we are not going to comment on that directly. What I can say is that based on our discussions with the specialty pharmacies, we expect them all probably about three weeks inventory, two to three weeks of inventory, something in that range.
Ying Wang - Barclays Capital: Great. Congratulations, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Schmidt of Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company:  I understand that you dont want to comment on sales or trends post December 31, but I was hoping maybe Pat would discuss how many patients were on the drug roughly at the end of the year and number of physicians who had written the prescription at the end of the year? I think she also commented that there could have been some disruption during Q4 due to the holidays and I am wondering, in fact, you observed such disruption in the weekly sales trends?
Patricia Andrews: Hi Eric. So I will try to give you some color on that. On the number of patients, we are not being precise on how many, but in the first six weeks, you might assume that most of the scripts were for one patient that you can almost back into what that number might have been for the first six weeks. There is some nuances to that so its not exactly that, but someone might have written for example, a 20 milligram script but done it in 5 milligram bottles and so that patient actually got four bottles rather than one bottle. Or a physician might have written a script for more than a month, so the patient got more bottles. So you can estimate based on what the net reported revenue was. As far as prescribers, we have a broad base of prescribers which is or we were looking for and we feel that for the opportunity ultimately is with community hematologists, oncologists, thats why we are focusing on 6,500 of them rather than a select group of thought leaders who may have a higher volume but collectively they just dont have most of the patients. And with that, at the end of the year about 85% of the physicians with written -- a prescription had written in at that point for one patient and about 15% had written it for more than one patient. And as far as disruption, the main, I wouldnt call it really a disruption but there were holidays within the period from when we got approved on November 16 through year end. And holidays mean that the offices arent open, so almost, you would expect that there would be lower volume in a four-day week than in a five-day week.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Great. And just a quick follow up for Dave, could you just remind us what is public about both the Nevadas approval milestone and the Lilly started Phase III milestone in terms of their size?
David Hastings : Yeah. Unfortunately due to the confidentiality arrangements between the parties, we cant disclose that Eric. But obviously those are important milestones for the program. So they would add a lot of weight, in terms of the way they would value that deal, so they are significant and important to us this year.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Salveen Richter with Collins Stewart. Please proceed with your question.  
Salveen Richter  Collins Stewart: Thank you, congratulations on the quarter. Just two questions, so just following up on Matts question, is the rate of patient additions in Q1 to date similar to Q4? And I think what we are trying to understand is whether a bowless of patients played a role in your fortune numbers? And then secondly what questions are you getting from the physician community for Jakafi, are they mostly on efficacy or safety or to do more with the disease?  
Patricia Andrews: Okay. So Salveen, on the bowless question, so I wouldnt say that there was a bowless -- though there were clearly some physicians, some patients very knowledgeable the drugs eminent approval and waiting to get on it. But I wouldnt say there was a bowless. We didnt have some of the features that sometimes companies have that kind of creates an artificial bowless, such as an expanded access program or patients trying to transferring over clinical trials, we didnt have that. And then as far as the types of questions that we are getting, honestly there is still a lot of listening and there is a certain amount on the disease, but really there is just a lot of listening on the new product. The safety has not been an issue at all. Not really come up. It is more on the spleen reduction and the symptoms and discussions along those lines. The only area that I would say there is definitely -- still an educational need is on whether you should have the D617 (inaudible) or not for this drug and that there is still a fair amount of misconception on that you need to have the limitation for the drug to work, when in fact you dont need to have limitation for the drug to work. But other than that, its just what you would expect with a new product launch in an area that has not received a lot of attention and has a higher, then the internal focus is on efficacy, not a lot of worries about the safety.
Salveen Richter  Collins Stewart: Okay. Thank you.   
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo. Please state your question. 
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo:  Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the first quarter of launch. Whats your feedback then on what physicians want to see before they prescribe Jakafi to their second patient? And I am also curious how comfortable our physicians have been using ruxolitinib in patients with platelets below a 100 in light of the broad label?  
Patricia Andrews: I think they just want to see how their first patient has come back and what he says about the effect on him and generally we expect that to be pretty positive because within sometimes a couple of days. But definitely within a month for symptoms and for spleen you begin to see results. And so chances are the first time that patient comes back, which should be two to four weeks after the initial script, they should be reporting that they are starting to feel better. And then as far as platelets below a 100,000, so for now we do awareness trackers, post-launch and we do Ask Physicians, a rotating group of physicians about 50, have they seen and met patients within the last two weeks or month depending on the time gap between the survey. And we ask them, did you talk about Jakafi, did you put a patient on the product, what type of patient was it, if you didnt what stopped you, if you did what was the features that lead you to do so, etc. And from that they do say that they are putting patients on drugs who have the spectrum of platelets above 50,000 certainly a good number below a 100,000 and a good number up of a 100,000.    
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo:  That is very helpful. And just a quick follow up, are you seeing anything outside of your expectations with regards to adherence rates at this point?  
Patricia Andrews: No, I mean, it is in a very short period of time, but no, really its going very much as we expected it, it would.  
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo:  Great, thanks. Thanks again.
Paul Friedman: Brian, just to add one other thing to this. Probably it will sound like, when the President gives his state of the union and he has people whom he wants to highlight up in the gallery. So just as we have seen and heard in our clinical trials, patients and physicians appreciate how quickly the drug is working and this is one comment that we got back from one of our mid west, reps, we have got significant number of these, hearing of these across the country, the rep had met with one of our doctors nurses, doctor is saying that after only three weeks on treatment, his patient is doing extremely well and while her spleen is still detectible, her abdomen is indeed smaller and no longer thought. Patient had also told the nurse I am feeling better than I have in a long long time. The rep concluded it is nice to know the doctor, nurse and most importantly the patient, all things Jakafi is worthwhile. That is the course of events with most of these people. We have had a few people who have come into the study, who have been prescribed the drug, as you might have imagined, were so sick, they didnt qualify for the clinical studies. And we are not certain how well they will do, because they are very very advance patients, but this is a very typical type story for this drug. Just as an anecdote. 
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo: Thanks.   
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Cory Kasimov of JP Morgan. Please state your question.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking the question. First of all I am curious how the real world experience has been with Jakafis tolerability relative to what you saw in the clinical trials? And then a second question, I guess for Dave, I want to ask you about your convertible debt and I hesitate to bring it up since its not even due until 2015, but we are getting are questions on it quite a bit so, its obviously well in the money and at this point as your expectation, you would just let it convert into common stock or you would entertain other strategies to avoid that dilution? Thanks.
Richard Levy: This is Rich. Let me just start the comment because the drug safety organization reports into me and we see the spontaneous report that come in. And while there have been a few spontaneous reports they tend to be the same sort of things that we had in our package insert. There have been nothing unusual or surprising. We hear patients say that they have bruising which we saw in the clinical trial but nothing unusual and that doesnt surprise me because the safety profile was fairly well established in the past. But we will continue to follow that and see but I dont think there have been any surprises.
David Hastings: Yes, so Cory on the convertible debt, unfortunately there is no magic bullet to rid ourselves of the dilution. What I would say as you mentioned, it is well in the money. We are always looking at our capital structure holistically and obviously that is part of that capital structure. We are hoping that over time, this becomes a capital allocation story. Our capital is precious to us and there are things you can do with notes, it is not callable. But there are things you could do privately and other techniques with the convertible debt but at this point of time we are really primarily focused on the launch and execution, at this point.
Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Good morning and congrats on the good start. Just wanted to circle back to a comment that Dave made earlier about inventory levels that are expected. Can you say what was the wholesaler or that did the channels stock in, in weeks at the end of the year?
Patricia Andrews : We dont want to get into that detail at this point of time. But again just reiterating in general we expect these guys to hold somewhere between two to three weeks of inventory.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Would they be expected to have done there that quickly or would they have started up, I am just trying to get a sense of whether there was a lot more than that in the channel at the end of the year or roughly the expected amount?
David Hastings : Yeah, I dont think that their purchasing was out of ordinary at all. And I think its consistent with what they have communicated to us in terms of their strategy.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then continue to provide updates on the Phase III PV trial and I was just curious, are you able to give kind of a percent enrolled at this point and maybe the distribution of enrollment geographically that you are getting into that trial?
Richard Levy: Sure. You know its always been the case that enrollment has gone better outside of the U.S than in Europe. And the amendment that we have put into place last fall has been in effect at all of the U.S sites that are under essential IRB and now most of the ones that take a little bit longer to go through, they go through local IRBs and scientific review assessments before those things get made. With respect to Nevadas territories, which is predominantly Europe, but not exclusively Europe, those take longer because they all need to go through the National Authorities as well. There have just been a couple of countries now outside of the U.S that have approved the amendment.  So the effect of the amendment can be looked at first within the U.S, where we have already enrolled in about two to three months, half of many patients in the U.S as we had enrolled over the first year in the U.S. So its clearly making a difference, but in terms of magnitude of effect we expect that to have a much bigger impact in Europe and outside of the U.S, because they have been able to enroll more anyway. And there are certain aspects of the way certain things are defined that are potentially more amendable to enrollment in Europe as well. And so we really expect by the end of second quarter to really have had probably by that point, a good three months of experience in Europe with the new amendment and at that point I should have a very good idea as to when the study will close to enrollments and then we can be precise about our timelines after that.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And just a last quick question for Pat. Can you just comment relative to expectations you set a couple of months ago about early distribution across payer type and maybe the percent of patients that have gotten free drug to this point? 
Patricia Andrews: Sure. I think on just the free drug, we had estimated it would be 10% to 15% of all patients and that still seems very realistic. And then payer types, so there -- in some regards the payer whether its Medicare or commercial doesnt matter that much from a sales reporting because we dont pry discounts to either and rebates to either. So they are kind of equal from our perspective. And we thought that it would be fairly equal as far as distribution between those two, we are probably running slightly higher on the commercial side than I had expected but that also might be at the beginning of the year or some other things with Medicare. And other than that, it is very consistent; the Medicaid remains a very small percent, and actually one that has like a large discount automatically associated with it. So in that regard payer distributions probably more on the commercial side than originally anticipated but that could well work its way out in the next few months.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rachel McMinn of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thanks. I wanted to follow up on the question about bolus and how sick patients working. Can you give us a sense and I know you were trying to target patients that werent critically ill because you wanted to make sure physicians had a good experience, but when we think about the initial trends and if you ended up getting a large proportion of very sick patients early on that could negatively impact duration of drug and kind of expectations of what uptake would be in the back half of the year and then I also wanted to dig in a little bit more into dose titration whether physicians are encountering any difficulties modifying the dosed based also some of the hematologic toxicity. Thanks.
Paul Friedman : So, let me just start and then I think you have a more elaborate answer. With the point I was making was there have been a few really sick people that was the sole point of what I was saying not that the majority of patients wholl be put on the drug in the fourth quarter were terminally ill people. There are few as you might expect and I think Pat can give you may be a better breakdown of the types of patients we will put on.  
Patricia Andrews: Sure. So, while there have clearly been some patients who were sicker and we know that from a variety of way. I think that is still a very small minority. Most patients who started on drugs started at the 15 or 20 mg dose and I would say that as far as dose titration goes most physicians have only put one patient on drug and that patient might generally start on 15 to 20. For physicians who put multiple patients on drugs you can see them using the range of doses as low as 5 as high as nearly 25 even there are very very few with that, at the higher 25 and so I would say that they are adapting based on experience as well as what is in the label as to what the right dose is for the patient and the more experience they have the more adapted that they are which is why you see physicians you put on is looking for patients put on one at a 15 and one at a 10 and one at a 20 or something so you see that richness developing and I feel like that will continue with greater experience with the product.
David Hastings: I think it is also fair to say that we havent heard concerns coming back to the reps and things like that saying I dont know how to titrate my patient, I cant do it, it is too complicated, none of that. It has just been pack and look and see what size doses are prescribed, but we havent heard any issues. 
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great and then just one follow-up on the V6 17F mutation and the lack of understanding from physicians on that. You had mentioned at ASH and sort of one of the biggest misconceptions. How does that impact? Is it just something where docs dont understand it, but you tell them a couple of times they get it or is it something that you think it is actually limiting initial I guess desire to use the drug because GI have to go and test and I dont want to do that. 
Patricia Andrews: Well actually most test anyway, so that is not really it. It is just the, there has been so much push towards personalized medicine in the last few years and there has been recent oncology products and others where having a mutation is part of the diagnostic criteria so they have just been over the past few years sort of pushed towards believing that if there is a mutation involved in a disease then the drug treats only patients with the mutations, but that is not the case here, we treat a pathway not a mutation and they will get that as just as you know most of the physicians who are in the community have this broad patients across the spectrum of different diseases and their just not as familiar and as on top of what the situation is with myelofibrosis and what the different causes of the disease are, but they generally heard of the mutation and so that is just one of the things that over time with education and greater exposure and familiarity with the product it will work through. I dont think in anyway limit ultimate usage of the drug, but it probably adds to the gradual and steady nature of our launch.
Rachel McMinn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks very much.
Paul Friedman : One other point was that I think you made the point while just few patients were extremely sick, most of the initial use has been in patients who indeed have enlarged spleens and/or a higher symptomatic burden, but in fact we have already seen some use in earlier intermediate patients which I think is encouraging. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: Thanks and congratulations on a great start. I had a question for Pat, I know were roughly 12 weeks into the launch of Jakafi, but can you give us a sense of what the size of the market, I dont know if there have been any changes in your expectations for the overall market opportunity? And second question I had was on anemia obviously there is a prevalent concern coming from the Phase III studies, whether that has manifested itself in any way in the commercial experience? Then I had one last question on the guidance. 
Patricia Andrews:  Okay. So, the size of the market we have for a long time been saying 16,000 to 18,500 of which 80% to 90% are intermediate were high risk and that has been that is still is the case from everything that we know, nothing has changed our thoughts or opinions on them and I am sorry there are questions on anemia.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: Anemia, yes.
David Hastings: Paul made an introductory statement on that. I dont think that the phase III date there was a significant problem with anemia. I think what it said is that there was generally a one gram drop in hemoglobin over the first 8 to 12 weeks which is about 50% improved only a 0.5 gram difference at 24 weeks which is very similar to placebo at that point and also was probably at least as good as what you saw with best available therapy and that is what the other choice really is that was seen in the COMFORT-II trial and these patients require -- for those patients who require transfusions they require fewer transfusions then on the control because they have so much more energy from the drug itself and so it is there, but we never really would actually called it a problem per se and then Ill turn it over to Pat to have any comment on what she may or may not know about anemia in the market place.
Patricia Andrews: So, we are not getting feedbacks from the rep saying that there is a lot of concern over anemia or thrombocytopenia that in fact the physicians are very used to managing both of those effects and what was really appealing to them is they have not had anything to treat there in that patients with and now if they have something and it is very effective on spleen and symptoms was the heavy symptom burden so they now get to provide something to the patient and were not getting the feedback of thrombocytopenia or anemia or issues for them (inaudible).
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: If I could ask a little bit differently. Given your clinical trial experience, are you seeing a lower rate of transfusions in the market place with patients all on drug.
Patricia Andrews: It would be really early to see that and to be honest that is not the type of data that we get well have to do separate market research on that and it is probably something Ill do much later this year.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: Okay and just a question on R&D guidance. What portion of that is related to the 050 [ph] Phase III trials.
Paul Friedman: Yeah. So, we dont breakdown the actual numbers from the overall number. Weve never done that, but the bulk of the increase comes from the 30% commitment with the phase IIB and Phase III studies and we expect the Phase III study to start this year so that is a reason that those expenses are going to go up and our aggressive and I think appropriate efforts to expand Jakafis indications by having carefully selected a bigger myeloproliferative neoplasm liquid tumors where we know the JAK pathway is turned on and the first solid tumor being pancreatic cancer where the JAK pathway in many patients seems to be overtly active and there is a lot of cytokine-induced cachexia. So, those two areas account for the bulk of our increase in R&D and we think that that is wise spending of money. There are a couple of other smaller items that Dave you might want to answer.
David Hastings: Oh yeah. I just also add that sort of an artifact of the (inaudible) are noncash charges this year our R&D are up over 10 million, so that is another pretty significant component of the increase.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks and that has been very helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Wei of Jefferies & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: Thanks. I just wanted to understand a little bit more about your Medicare commentary. How has that donut hole affected prescribing so far or did you actually see in the fourth quarter a lot of Medicare patients resisting filling their prescriptions because they didnt want to pay a double donut hole in both December and January and should we assume that that doctor has corrected itself or does the donut hole concern still persist through the first quarter for this patient population.
Patricia Andrews: So, Thomas as I think we saw both, we saw some patients already through the donut hole, so they definitely wanted to get their medicines in December and if they could get more than one-month supply that was good, but we also saw the opposite. I was very clear that some patients said, I havent gone through yet and I am not ready to pay $1,800 for out of pocket for something that I am going to pay another $1,800 on two weeks later. So, there was clearly some waiting on that. However; once you go through the donut hole you are through it and so if you want to get on drug there is really no reason to wait once the New Year starts and the only reason would be that you dont have the money and you need assistance and for that there are foundations established that have been very very active since they were set up, but particularly since the beginning of the year and I think that combination up there is no really no need to wait because you have to go through the donut hole and deal with the first prescription of Jakafi and that the foundations are there and they are able to support patients who have financial need, but there is really no reason to wait. I expected that to work its way out within the first quarter.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: And the other sense of what proportion of Medicare patients in general with myelofibrosis actually exceed their donut hole before the launch of Jakafi just based on whatever diseases they had or whatever drugs they were receiving, was the donut hole something that they typically encountered, you know what percentage maybe encountered at?
Patricia Andrews: No. I wouldnt have that level of detail.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: And then just following up on Ians question about the size of the patient population. I got some, here you got your field force out there. If we have to guess what is the direction of your bias on the patient population number based on what the sales force is seeing out there in physician practices. Do you think that number to go higher, lower and also seeing with the proportion of low versus intermediate versus high risk?
Patricia Andrews: So, again there has not been enough time for me to change any view that I had on the size of the market or the distribution across different segments. It is just we needed more time and actually substantial amount more time, most of this year I would say before we would be able to have additional insight into those two questions Thomas.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Co: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sapna Srivastava with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Yogesh  Goldman Sachs: Hi this is Yogesh on behalf of Sapna. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the launch. I just want to follow-up, is there any further color on in terms of the patient phase breakdown between intermediate I, intermediate II and high risk and then also in terms of the prescriber base between community and academics.
Patricia Andrews: Not really, between community and academic it is probably weighted slightly more towards academics at the moment, but that is because they were more familiar with the product because more of them were COMFORT-I investigators, but I fully expect that to modify and go to the 75 to 80% of all patients we expect to come from the community and were not quite there at the moment, but were getting it is closing in on that and
Yogesh  Goldman Sachs: In terms of intermediate I, intermediate II and high risk patients.
Patricia Andrews: We dont ask for that breakdown that we dont get that and I wouldnt know anecdotally were getting more use in the high risk and the intermediate II and it will take longer to work through the intermediate I as I said before there is more obvious patients for the drug and it is those with greater splenomegaly and a greater symptom burden and they are more likely go on the drug first and so it is not surprising that is really where we see more usage and that would take a period of time for physicians and their offices and patients to be fully comfortable going on the drug earlier and earlier in the disease and so that is why this is a launch that takes time and doesnt all occur in the first 3 to 6 months, but that is where we are heading toward and I expect that the end of this year, next year well see a lot more usage in the earlier stage.
Yogesh  Goldman Sachs: That is great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Patricia Andrews: Actually, could I just add because maybe it wasnt clear what I said. The majority of all prescribes have to date have been in the community on more of the academics have prescribed more than one patient, but the majority of all prescribes even now have been in the community.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my question. Just on the reimbursement side, are you seeing payers have any specific hurdles either to get on drug or to stay on drug regarding spleen size or counts or symptom burden specifically more on the back end, are there any checks on the back-end to make sure the people are responding in a safe way in order to allow them to maintain the prescriptions.
Patricia Andrews: Again it takes most payers 90 to 180 days before the next formulary decisions and so what we are operating under now and certainly through year-end has been much more on an exception basis and it would be to draw conclusions from that. It is an oncology product and therefore a protected class in Medicare and it is difficult for them to Medicare patient to be restricted beyond what is actually in the label and on the commercial side again well see that over time and it would early to comment on that, but I havent seen things that are unexpected.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Crumpler[ph] with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
David Crumpler[ph] - Morningstar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you guys talk a little bit about how your potential competing treatments from Sanofi and others if that is something you guys even think about it all again? Obviously Jakafi have a nice head start, but you think youll be able to hold on to the market if new entrants do join?
Patricia Andrews: So, Ill start, but then let others add. I will say commercially it doesnt matter someone is two to three years behind us. No one is going to wait to go on drug for something down the road and so we have this nice runway of time to get those physicians and the patient community familiar with Jakafi and its benefit and I feel very confident that once patients go on drug and once physicians have the experience with it that most patients will be well controlled and very happy with their medication and therefore physician would not take them off drug nearly because there is other possibilities that are now on the market so new entrants would be competing primarily for newly diagnosed patients which is about 1/6 of the overall market and when new competitor they always do they always make some inroads but I wouldnt expect it would be easy for them to do so because the reality is there is a very high unmet need before Jakafi came into the market, but once it is on the market the unmet need reduces significantly and now let others comment on more clinical effects of it.
Paul Friedman: Yeah. So, the Sanofi [ph] compound is a compound that is actually it is highly selective for JAK2. It doesnt do much for JAK1. Our experience has been that to treat the symptoms well you need JAK1 inhibitory activity. So for them to get significant JAK1 inhibitory activity, they have to go higher in dose which would then lead to more JAK2 suppression, ergo you would predict more bone marrow suppression. Additionally, the pharmacophore that they have ended up with and a number of our would-be competitors have  have crossed over to another kinase called FLIP 3 and FLIP 3 inhibition leads to significant amount of GI side effects and the drug has that issue.  So when you look at the profile of that particular compound its difficult for me to see any advantage and its most likely going to have disadvantages. The other compound is the YMI compound, and again we have talked about that at infinitum and what you have there is a compound that is impacting JAK1 and JAK2 to a lesser degree at the dose they are using than we are and therefore they are lower on the dose response curve. They have a long way to go. They have some off target toxicity, compounds weaker. If we go lower on our dose response curve we can minimize that initial effect on hemoglobin that Rich referred to earlier. You lose a little bit of efficacy but you can still be effective at a dose like 10 milligrams BID, its a pretty good dose.  So, they probably have a chance of getting there. I dont see at the end of the day when all the data plays out that there would be any qualitative difference other than the off target side effect profile that they do have.
Richard Levy: I just want to make one comment and that is in the relatively short term where they are doing clinical trials, whether it would be targets in Sanofi are potentially YM if they go to Phase III. We are already seeing for some of our open labeled trials that are still enrolling patients with MF, some decrease in our ability to recruit patients, because they say they will just go on and Jakafi is a commercial product rather than going into a clinical trial. Now compare that to a patient that needs to go  might consider going into a trial where they have maybe a 50-50 chance of being randomized to placebo or to what was currently -- previously considered best available therapy, both of which we have already shown clearly superior results. So I think that you are not going to see a significant impact on our commercial sales within the short term when they are trying to enroll into their clinical trials.
David Crumpler[ph] - Morningstar: Great. Thanks for the answer guys.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Dr. Friedman for closing comments.
Paul Friedman: Okay. Well, as we have said throughout the call, we are very comfortable and pleased with where we are as of today. It is early days and we would be more expansive in what we report going forward. Probably need another quarter or two to really have a good feeling for the trajectory of the launch. And we are looking forward to Lilly presenting their Phase IIb data, I think that is going to be an interesting presentation and moving the other indications for Jakafi along, in particular the RESPONSE trail. And so, thank you very much for your attention this morning and we look forward to speaking with you again. Good bye.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Murphy  Vice President Investor Relations & Communications Paul A. Friedman, M.D.  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director David C. Hastings  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Richard S. Levy, M.D.  Executive Vice President & Chief Drug Development & Medical Officer Patricia S. Andrews, M.D.  Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts :  Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Matthew Roden, PhD  UBS Salveen Richter, CFA  Collins Stewart Corey Kasimov  JP Morgan Thomas J. Russo  Robert W. Baird & Co. Joshua Schimmer, M.D.  Leerink Lucy Lu, M.D.  Citigroup Bret Holly, PhD  Oppenheimer David Freidman, M.D.  Morgan Stanley Analyst for Brian Abrahams, M.D.  Wells Fargo Analyst for Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities   
Operator: Welcome to the Incyte Corporation third quarter 2011 financial results conference call. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications of Incyte.
Pamela A. Murphy:  On the call today are: Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer; and Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer. To begin, Paul will provide a brief review of the third quarter, then Dave will follow with a discussion of the quarters financial results. Well then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including, statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development programs, the timing of clinical trials, regulatory submissions and anticipated launch plans, the potential safety and efficacy of our compounds, as well as our expected financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 and from time-to-time in our SEC documents.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Obviously, our top priorities right now are to secure approval for ruxolitinib for treating myelofibrosis and being fully prepared for the product launch. And with respect to the NDA, I remain highly confident that the FDA will reach a positive decision on or before our PDUFA date of December 3rd. Our launch preparations are very far along. All 60 reps are hired and well along in their training. They comprise a highly qualified group with an average of more than 18 years experience in industry and more than 11 years in hematology and oncology sales. We finalized contracts with a selected group of specialty pharmacies and weve also set up a central hub to assist providers and patients in navigating paperwork like verifying benefits, helping with prior auths, and if necessary assisting with the appeals process. The hub will also help patients connect with programs that assist with out-of-pocket costs. In terms of manufacturing and supply, the tablets are made, the bottles are ready to go, all we now need is the final package insert and well be ready to launch.  Moving to our ruxolitinib Phase III trial in advanced polycythemia vera patients, we have received just this week, confirmation that the FDA has agreed to our protocol amendment and this will not affect the SPA already in place. So a really good outcome. The amendment changes entry criteria, number of patients to be enrolled, and the duration of follow up. But it does not change the primary or the key secondary end points. Youll recall that the Phase II data stunningly shows that these end points are reasonable in a highly statistically significant way for us in this study. Specifically, the entry criteria now eliminate the need for patients to have either an elevated white blood cell count or platelet count, or to have a palpable spleen length of at least five centimeters. That entry criteria on spleen size now only requires a palpable spleen with MRI or CT confirming that the volume is at least two times larger than in normal adults. The number of patients to be enrolled is reduced from 300 to 200, and importantly, the duration of follow up is reduced from 80 weeks to 48 weeks. To remind you, the primary end point is based on response rates at 32 weeks with responders defined as patients who both became phlebotomy independent and had at least a 35% reduction in spleen volume. The key secondary end point of durability of this response remains unchanged except as I said, that durability will now be assessed at 48 rather than 80 weeks.  Prior to drafting the amendment we determined that the requirements for elevated white blood cell count and platelet counts, and to a lesser but significant extent, spleen length greater than five centimeters were leading to a larger number of ineligible patients. With this amendment we expect enrollment to increase markedly. The reduction in the number of patients and the shorter duration of follow up keeps the timeline on track to complete the study and submit the supplemental NDA in the second half of 2013.  Now, we have a number of other ruxolitinib trials underway and many of these are described in the press release. If anyone has specific questions about the design or status of these programs, Rich and I would be happy to respond during the Q&A. Now, moving to our earlier oncology programs, in September we announced we wouldnt advance the Sheddase Inhibitor 839 into Phase III development in metastatic breast cancer.  Our Indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase 1 or IDO inhibitor and the oral c-MET inhibitor, the latter partnered with Novartis, continued in Phase I dose escalation trials in patients with solid tumors and weve not reached the maximum tolerated dose for either compound. For the IDO inhibitor weve decided to move forward with two Phase II trials in 2012. The first will be in patients with melanoma, followed by a trial in patients with ovarian cancer, and both of these studies are likely to begin next summer. [For our] inflammation program involving Incyte 28050 and other selective JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor, as you know its partnered with Lilly. The phase IIb trial in rheumatoid arthritis is fully enrolled and while we cant speak for Lilly, were hopeful that the data could be presented at a future medical scientific meeting, possibly at [ULAR] in 2012. Now, Ill turn the call over to Dave Hastings.
David C. Hastings : Ill start my very brief overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the third quarter with $317 million in cash and investments. That excludes $28 million in restricted cash and investments held in escrow for interest payments through October, 2012 on our 4 % convertible senior notes. Our cash use this year has been $138 million, excluding $16 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and a $15 million milestone payment received from Novartis for the c-MET inhibitor program.  Our cash use so far this year is on plan, right on track and our cash use guidance for the year is unchanged at $185 to $200 million. As always, this guidance excludes actual and potential milestones received from partners and proceeds from stock option exercises. Our operating expenses were also in line with our expectations and were not changing guidance for either our R&D or our SG&A expenses. With that Paul, Ill turn it back over to you.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Operator, lets open the call for questions now please.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Rachel McMinn  Bank of America.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: I apologize if you said this at the beginning of the call, I might have missed it, but for the PD study, are the physicians going back and rescreening the patients that had failed initially? Are you actually seeing that or is it just kind of too early to know if thats going to happen?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Well, thats exactly what were expecting to have happen. The amendment has to go back through the IRBs, in the meantime, well continue to recruit from the original protocol. But quite a few patients are sitting on the sidelines who failed the first time around and thats why we made the comment that the study should now recruit fairly quickly.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: Then a question maybe for Pat, I guess can you just talk about some of the pre market education efforts that you have going on for ruxolitinib right now? Assuming an on time approval, what are you going to be doing at ASH? Is your focus more about the drug or more about the disease? If you could give us a bit of a sense of how youre educating the market.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : Pre market of course you cant talk about the product or anything associated with it so the focus has been on disease education, myelofibrosis and what causes it. What some of the symptoms and consequences are of it and how it is a part of myeloproliferative neoplasms, things along those lines in a number of different forms, online significantly. And then at ASH, we would expect of course, the product to be approved since we have a PDUFA date of December 3rd and ASH occurs afterwards. ASH would have a booth where the product would be there as well as of course, medical information for additional questions that were not able to answer from a promotional perspective. 
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: One last question, Paul, any early insights into the c-MET program in terms of activity?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Rich, do we have anything we want to say?
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : The Phase I is an unselected group where were not determining whether there are tumors  you know have abnormalities in c-MET to begin with. So weve seen some positive data but in terms of quantifying it, you really cant relate it to what the response rates, etc. might be when you have a select group of patients that you already know have abnormalities in c-MET function.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : But I will say, we have succeeded in giving the drug once a day and having trough levels at the IC90 concentration which was our objective and its been well tolerated. So in terms of straight up c-MET inhibition, its going to be hard to inhibit that target any more effectively than is being done with this drug and appears to be well tolerated while were doing it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matthew Roden, PhD  UBS.
Matthew Roden, PhD  UBS: I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about the forthcoming label in MF and what it means for eligibility in myelofibrosis? So can you remind us what the exact indication is that youre seeking and based on your discussions with the FDA whether or not you think a broad label is still achievable? Then related to that Pat, assuming youve been in dialog with payers in the lead up to the launch, are you getting the sense for what will be required for reimbursement? Will there be a minimum spleen size, to an extent will patients need to be symptomatic, will payers determine a minimum platelet count if not specified in the label? So maybe if you could just talk broadly about what you think the eligibility will be from the label and from the payer perspective?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : So were not in a position right now to be expansive on what the label is ultimately going to look like. What we asked for was for a very broad label to treat all patients with myelofibrosis. And, we would expect to have something approximating that or that exactly, but its just premature to be talking about that. Ill let Pat expand on the other aspects of the question, but we just cant get into those discussions with you right now.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : For an oral drug its really about what coverage it gets and coverage will generally fall into what Medicare does and what commercial payers do. And for Medicare, ruxolitinib is of course, an anti neoplastic so it falls into being a protected class and in protected classes they cover all drugs in a group so one could be highly confident based on historical precedent that it would be covered under Medicare. Commercial plans, they generally follow suit but they look at it in terms of what tier placement does a product get. Tier-II, Tier-III, Tier-IV, they have different level of co-pay or co-insurance. And the commercial plans, particularly because this is the only product that treats this disease, would be highly, highly, highly likely to cover it, its just a question of which tier it would go on and that is something they determine later. But to be honest, they dont usually determine it based on how expansive or narrow your label is. They usually just have a place where they put oncology products and thats where it goes. So within that they also follow what your label is so if its a broad label its broad coverage.
Matthew Roden, PhD  UBS: Then related to that also, I imagine in the pricing work that you guys have done you guys have talked a little bit about thoughts on pricing. Have you looked at this sensitivity to various price points to end user demand assuming certain co-pay levels and also tiering, and then Medicare coverage as well?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : Yes, we have. That would be a critical part of the work we have done. Weve completed very thorough research. Weve done it at a couple of points in time. Weve done it most recently with a number of payers representing a substantial number of lives and with all that we have a good sense at different price points what the coverage and restrictions would be. Well of course not set the price until we have final approval.
Matthew Roden, PhD  UBS: But I guess its safe to assume that the pricing strategy that you come up with is one where you assume there would be sort of no suppression of end user demand or coverage?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : We would want to make sure that our price doesnt restrict unnecessarily the products availability to the public. And when I say restrict, I generally mean prior authorizations, because as Ive already said, Medicare is going to cover it and commercial plans are likely going to  nearly all of them cover it. Its just a question of what restrictions they put on it. So even if a drug is a Tier-II or Tier-III which has a co-payment of maybe $30 to $50 they could still put prior auths on it. The most common prior auth which is very easy to live with is that they have to have a diagnosis of myelofibrosis.  So we wouldnt want there to be significantly other restrictions on the product and that does have a level of price sensitivity to it but we know what those sensitivities are and were very comfortable with what level of flexibility we would have in pricing this drug which we will do later when assuming it gets approved.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Salveen Richter, CFA  Collins Stewart.
Salveen Richter, CFA  Collins Stewart: I have two questions, firstly in terms of response how do the changes impact the powering of the study and also, whats the rational for changing the follow up period?
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : The power of the study actually hasnt affected much at all even though weve gone from 300 patients to 200 patients because when we initially powered the study we were not aware of what the response rate in terms of spleen size reduction would be with the sort of best available therapies that were used in COMFORT-II that are some of the same drugs that would be used in PV. Since that response rate was in fact, zero in COMFORT-II, were not assuming its going to be zero here but the assumption is its going to be lower than we originally assumed. The power for the primary end point is still around 95%. 
Salveen Richter, CFA  Collins Stewart: Then I guess for Pat, on the launch, how do you intend to target communities and collages and educate them on MF, JAK and ruxolitinib?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : Salveen, we do have a field force of 60 reps in place with significant experience both in industry and in hematology and oncology. In fact, nearly all of them, we hired them for territories they were in with their previous employer. So in many cases they actually already know the physicians. Certainly they know the office and the facility for the majority of their new physicians that they would want to be targeting for Incyte. So with that, well be sending them out with their new information on both myelofibrosis and on ruxolitinib, and that will be a major source of dedication for the community oncologists.  We have supportive materials to help them understand what the product is indicated for, how they can get it, what the distribution system is, how they would dose it. We have a call center, if they have questions. Medical information is set up. We have everything in place to be able to facilitate their easy understanding of the product and starting to prescribe it.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : The other part of the first part of the question you asked, why the observation period for durability was decreased from 80 to 48 weeks, and we did that because the data from the ongoing Phase-IIb trial, the data from the COMFORT trails indicates that as long as you stay on your tolerated dose of drug, spleen size if anything, continues to get smaller. At a slower rate, but it continues to get smaller and we havent loss the phlebotomy response so we convinced the FDA that 48 weeks was enough consider the fact that there will be a significant number of people, when the last patient exists the study at 48 weeks, who have in fact got to 80 weeks. So well have a subset of people to show them at 80 weeks and that was sufficient. Its good for us because it keeps us on our timelines. 
Salveen Richter, CFA  Collins Stewart: If I can just ask one more follow up. I know youve retrospectively identified MF patients. Are they mostly in community or academic centers? And, has any work been done to reach out to these patients?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : They are mostly in the community. Very typically for a lot of cancers, the patients are primarily treated in the community, because thats where the doctors are. There are a lot more community docs than there are academic hematologists oncologists. We have had  because the disease has had no effective therapies theres not been a lot of materials out there to help people who have the disease understand it better so we did have a disease education website up for both professionals and for patients, or caregivers, or whomever was interested in the disease and we did have a number of them sign up and ask us for us to communicate with them in the future as new information comes out. Its not an insignificant number but its not a huge number either. We would probably not reach out directly to patients, we would more likely be working through physicians because they are the better audience to start with on a new medication. So thats where our focus would be, not really on the patients initially. That being said, we know that some of the advocacy groups do follow whats happening with ruxolitinib because theyre very interested in having the first approved therapy for their member group and it would not be surprising to me if they communicate, or other organizations also following this communicate with patients. But Incyte, would not do that much initially directly to patients unless they has sought it out by coming to us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Corey Kasimov  JP Morgan.
Corey Kasimov  JP Morgan: Mine are probably for Pat as well, the first one is following up on Salveens question. When you think about the community, do you have a good feel at this point how the awareness is amongst community docs prior to the launch for ruxolitinib specifically, not just the disease itself? And I have a follow up to that as well.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : Yes Corey, we have a good understanding of the awareness because we periodically survey a subset of doctors, sometimes we attract the same ones, sometimes we open up and do a different set each time. From that weve seen an increasing knowledge certainly of JAK inhibition and its role in MF. Thats increased really significantly over the past couple of years. I will say awareness of ruxolitinib remains low and that is of course, because we do not, in any way, focus in on that product. We have always only spoken about the disease. So it is not surprising that there is that gap in awareness.  Keep in mind that for most community hematologist oncologist, MF is a very, very small percentage of their patient population. And they see a lot of patients and they have to keep up and current with all of these other medications and treatments. So they tend to focus less on things that are in development that dont immediately affect their practice, their patients. However, that will change very dramatically once the product gets approved and we can talk about it, and it is available for them to use. Our research suggests that in fact, you know, within six months 90% of the physicians weve surveyed has said they will try the product on at least one patient. So I do expect that dynamic to change dramatically after approval. 
Corey Kasimov  JP Morgan: Then from a patient standpoint, do you have a sense here of just how motivated the moderate to severe MF patients are in terms of seeking therapy?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : Well, they are quite motivated because they really have a significant burden of disease. Its really a massive splenomegaly, its many folds larger than what their spleen should be. They probably have a significant assortment of symptoms that would keep them up at night, which make them lose weight, which make them find it difficult to walk and to move around. A lot of them would be following, or trusting that their physician is following what is happening in this space and they will have a lot of incentive to want to understand this product and whether or not it would benefit them.
Corey Kasimov  JP Morgan: Then lastly Paul, Id just be interested to know whether or not youre surprised the FDA decided not to convene a ODAC panel ahead of your December 3rd PDUFA?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Ill answer that in a second. I would add to Pat, we do talk to the people who run the foundations, the myeloproliferative neoplasm foundation and its pretty obvious that the patients are very aware of this. Theyre very, very excited about the possibility of having a drug that for the first time impacts their disease. And so there is a lot of interest out there. Is it universal? No, well have to do some good marketing to bring it there, but I think were off to a pretty good stop and its not [inaudible] for sure.  On the ODAC, Im actually not surprised at all because it seems to be a direction that the agency is moving in and especially the oncology division because if you run one of these things under an SPA, you meet your end points, the safety is adequate, there are frankly not that many questions to ask that the revealing group, the division at the agency cannot handle and routinely handles anyway. And so it sometimes becomes a dog and pony show that is just not necessary.  There have been three or four drugs in the last year, three of them I think are oncology drugs where theyve been approved without a panel being called. We thought in the beginning that wed have one and I guess its always still conceivable that you could have one but Im not surprised that it appears that were not going to have one. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Thomas J. Russo  Robert W. Baird & Co.
Thomas J. Russo  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Back over to the response trial, I just wanted to check in, is Europe on board with those changes too or do they need to be? And then, what percent of the PV population meets the revised entry criteria? 
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : Europe is on board with it. It is one trial so it all has to be done according to the same trial. Remember that there is no official SPA process in Europe but the buy in is still there. And with respect to the percentage of patients, I mean actually this broadens the number of patients that would be within the study and therefore potentially within the label depending on what that is defined as. And weve always felt that the percent of patients who are [inaudible], or resistant, or intolerant is in the range of high 20% to low 30%. 
Thomas J. Russo  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Paul, Id be interested also now that the New England Journal letter has been out there for a few week kind of broadly if you have any take on that? Any potential impact you might see in the marketplace? And then, maybe any update on when your Phase-III data is expected to be published. 
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : You mean the non peer reviewed letter in the New England Journal? There are some pretty squirrely letters in the New England Journal. Yes, sure that didnt impact our stock positively. Let me just go through a couple of things and just say we know all the data thats in that screed and the FDA knows all that data. Weve analyzed that data upside and down before we put the NDA in and reviewing it again after the letter appeared. And at the right time, which this is not, we will show you all the data and you will see that it completely supports everything that weve said and concluded about what ruxolitinib does. Its not the time in the middle of an NDA review to be displaying a lot of data that is in the NDA. But what I will tell you is Ill give you some top line points about that data. Firstly, what it shows is that if you dont keep your patients on the drug their symptoms will come back and their spleens will begin to grow again. Well be able to show you how many patients came off when and it will be a fairly eye opening result for you. Secondly, if you dont give enough drug you will not get a maximally effective response in either spleen reduction or in symptom control. I think theres a very cogent example of that in the YMI program which is what Ive been telling you for over two years, that they were very low in the dose response curve and now theyve doubled the dose and gone back and done Phase II over again. If you were down on that part of the dose response curve, dosing with ruxolitinib you wouldnt get a maximum response either. Thirdly, if you did not keep your patients on drug for any decent length of time and then you use them as subjects for a survival curve, the results are fairly meaningless. And then lastly, with respect to the five sick patients who were hospitalized when they stopped drug that were described in the letter, you can find several of them in the appendix to the New England Journal paper where Dr. Tefferi was a senior author and Dr. [Pugnani] was also an author. The authors agreed that thats where that data belonged because you have space limitations in those manuscripts. We took those cases very seriously when we designed Phase III. We designed Phase III to look very closely at the possibility that there could be a withdrawal syndrome. In Phase III and also frankly, at MD Anderson which amounts to over 400 patients who have been on the drug for a long time and some of them who had to stop for [inaudible], we found not a whiff of evidence for a withdrawal syndrome.  These patients in the beginning were very sick patients with multiple possible causalities for what led to their clinical outcomes and complications. Only one of which could have been the drug. However, in Phase III we looked very hard for that and theres no evidence for it whatsoever. If you look at the data that was presented by [Srdan Verstovsek] twice at ASCO, during the day during his presentation and then during the analyst affair we had that evening he showed a very interesting slide that bore on that data specifically, what happens to the symptomatology of patients who stopped the drug. And what happens is exactly what you would predict if you stop taking a drug where you havent cured the disease, and that is symptoms will slowly recrudesce back to base line. There was no evidence for a rebound and it is what you would have expected to see despite how its been misrepresented by some people. So well get into that data in much more detail for you at a later date but suffice it to say there is nothing in there that is unknown to the FDA or to us, and there is nothing in there that changes in anyway, either the efficacy or the safety profile of the drug.
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : Just to the last part of your questions, in terms of publication, we dont have a precise date yet but it will not be before the PDUFA data and not before ASH. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Schimmer, M.D.  Leerink.
Joshua Schimmer, M.D.  Leerink: I guess Paul, when you refer to getting into some of the MF data at a later date, presumably post approval, do you plan on publishing the data minus the Mayo Clinic experience and one might suspect if you exclude all the patients from that center, the rest of the patients would look like theyve done remarkably well and perhaps response do the New England editorial after the drug is approved with that data? That would be very useful for us to see I think.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : What were obviously going to do  to respond to a letter the rules in the New England Journal require you to do it within three weeks. Were not in a position to do that with the NDA under review. I think what we do is we present our data holistically and then we show what we found at MD Anderson and what we found at Mayo and why the differences are there. And the differences are perfectly logical differences that you would expect based on different behavior. 
Joshua Schimmer, M.D.  Leerink: And it sounds like differences that could help inform the community on how to optimally use the product?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : I would say. I think its pretty obvious.
Joshua Schimmer, M.D.  Leerink: One other question, theres probably like 30 other inflammatory indications that could benefit from 050, arguably some of them have a higher need than [RA]. Can you talk a little bit about how you and your partner are thinking of prioritizing them and ultimately developing for those indications and moving past the [RA] indication.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Well, thats a little awkward because of the way the partnership is. I mean, it really has to be Lilly that opines on that. I mean, theres some obvious areas to go for that Pfizer may already be in and Im sure that beyond those, and those are attractive, there are areas where Lilly would like to go that Pfizer hasnt gone just to do something that differs. The obvious ones when you see whats happened are xerosis, the inflammatory bowel disease, there are the arthritis, and then there are some other things that I am just not at liberty to talk about and they would have to be the ones who would talk about it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Lucy Lu, M.D.  Citigroup. 
Lucy Lu, M.D.  Citigroup: Just switching gear a little bit about to the PV, the response study, I guess I didnt hear it correctly, but you said you were throwing out the five centimeter splenomegaly requirement. Did you still say that patients need to have twice the normal size of spleen? I just want to understand if thats even a palpable spleen?
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : Yes, they have to have a palpable spleen unless theyre clearly obese in which case you could just go directly to measuring the spleen by MRI or CT and it has to be at least kind of twice what the normal range is. Now, if you think about the spleens in MF, those are about 10 times normal size. We also know that in our MF experience where theres a range of spleen sizes that base lined, the smaller spleens are just as likely to decrease by 35% as the larger ones so we dont think this hurts us in any way in terms of the overall response rate and it opens it up to more patients both in terms of the study and in terms of the implications for what the patient population would be after approval.
Lucy Lu, M.D.  Citigroup: So if thats the case Rich, are you changing requirements for white cell count or platelet count? I mean, just looking at the other entry criteria besides the spleen and also what you said, Im just wondering if there are other major changes to other markers?
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : So just to be clear, the original protocol said that you not only had to have a blood count and a platelet count above the upper limited normal, it had to be substantially above the upper limited normal. And there are patients who have platelet counts and white counts that are above the limited normal but not to this extent that we had put into the original protocol. But this protocol no longer cares what your base line platelet count is. It can be normal, it can be slightly above, and it will still include those patients that have the particularly high white counts or platelet counts. There were other trivial wording changes to the protocol that are largely clarifications that have no impact and we did not go through every single one of those. But what youve heard today is really everything that is important.
Lucy Lu, M.D.  Citigroup: Then the last question is obviously, youre changing the sample size from 300 to 200 but maintaining the power, does that mean the assumed treatment effect is higher? Can you just give us a little bit more detail on the assumed treatment effect for the response study?
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : Were not really changing our assumed response rate with ruxolitinib. Were changing the assumed response rate for best available therapy downward to account for essentially the same power. As I said before, in COMFORT-II where we used best available therapy the number one of those drugs being hydroxyurea, the response rate in terms of 35% or greater reduction in spleen volume was zero. This primary end point, you have to accomplish two things at the same time to be a responder. You have to become phlebotomy independent and you have to have a 35% reduction in the volume of your spleen. So when we designed the study we didnt know what the response rate on the control arm of COMFORT-II was going to be. Now that we knew that we said we were way over powered at 300 and its clear that the FDA agreed with our changes to the protocol.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bret Holly, PhD  Oppenheimer.
Bret Holly, PhD  Oppenheimer: I guess Im just wondering have you gotten the feedback from KOLs on the alternations to the response trial protocol? Are they comfortable with the outlines youve given today? Specifically, I guess Im wondering is 48 weeks adequate duration in their mind? I guess Im asking for more of a commercial perspective longer term.
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : Let me just try to answer this from a people weve actually talked to perspective and then perhaps Pat might want to add something but probably not. So we have talked to a large group of both investigators who are experts both on the US and European side before making any changes to the protocol and had their buy in. In fact, there is a consulting group on the protocol that doesnt allow us or Novartis to make changes without the buy in of those people, so theyre comfortable with it. The second thing is, as Paul said, you know weve had patients enrolled in this study from as early as October 2010 and were going to go into kind of close to the middle of 2013 before this data gets cut off so there will be durability data on patients beyond 48 weeks that well be able to talk about and show that its long lasting. Plus, you still have what we call Study 256 which is a Phase-II PV study which started several years ago, I dont remember how far patients are out but theyre out more than two years now, I believe, and those patients are still going strong. So there will be a lot of data showing the durability.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Freidman, M.D.  Morgan Stanley.
David Freidman, M.D.  Morgan Stanley: Just regarding the timing of the PV study and when you look longer term, so it looks like you made it a smaller trial with shorter follow up but the timelines for filing or data are still the same so Im wondering is that a function of the delay that youve already seen to date in terms of slower enrollment than originally expected and then needing to go back and change the protocol? Or do you expect going forward that you would still have a slower enrollment trajectory than you originally thought?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Its the former issues. I mean, we have had a delay in the current, you know we thought we would be much further along in enrolling. Now, we have to make up for that and before we can do that we have to get through IRBs.
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : And the IRB process, I mean some of the central IRBs will probably approve the protocol within a couple of weeks and those patients will start coming in quickly. Others will take a little bit more time because theyre local sites and in some cases it will take longer. So its not as if everybody is just going to come in two weeks, but we fully expect that this will put us right back on track with where we were before.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for Brian Abrahams, M.D.  Wells Fargo.
Analyst for Brian Abrahams, M.D.  Wells Fargo: I would appreciate it if you could give us an update on the status of additional ruxolitinib studies in MF, particularly studies of patients with low platelets? We also noticed that theres a new study in clinical trials on alternative dosing, it would be helpful if you could discuss the rational of the study, whether the study was borne out of observations from the COMFORT studies, and what types of results youd be looking for?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Ill let Rich answer but just let me start. For the alternative dosing, although we studied once a day early on at I think 50 milligrams worked pretty well you get a very high peak to trough for the immediate release and because some of the would be competitors were dosing once a day we thought it was prudent to see what a sustained release formulation for this compound, relatively easy to make because it has some solubility, would look like both with respect to efficacy and safety. It may turn out that you want a peak and a trough and you dont want to be inhibiting the enzyme above a certain percent all day long. But we thought wed look at that and so thats what were kind of doing in that study. On the platelet study Ill let Rich answer that.
Richard S. Levy, M.D. : The original COMFORT studies only allowed patients whose base line platelet counts at or above 100,000. And although we treated patients whose platelets count dropped to below 100,000 successfully in that study, we also wanted to be able to get additional data to help guide dosing in patients who have less than 100,000 to start. That study is ongoing. Its not in a position where well be presenting data at ASH this year. I think we will probably be presenting data by ASCO this coming year. But I can tell you that patients are tolerating doses reasonably well without patients having to drop their platelet counts so low that they need to come off drug. So that study is going well.
Analyst for Brian Abrahams, M.D.  Wells Fargo: One more question, how much of ruxolitinibs pricing assessment and decisions are coordinated with Novartis? And how do you see you EU pricing and US pricing playing out relative to each other?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : So of course, we have a great ongoing dialog with Novartis on key issues and pricing does come up but the reality is the markets are on very different places and Novartis may have a different approach than Incyte does and thats perfectly fine. That being said, weve not been far off in how we look at things. But you would expect to see differences between the United States, and Europe, and the rest of the world.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray.
Analyst for Ian Somaiya  Piper Jaffray:  Just a couple of quick ones, I wanted to come back to MF and we talked a little bit earlier about pricing and price sensitivity. I was just wondering if you could give some color on patients and describe for us a little bit sort of the socioeconomic background of a typical patient, what your take is on typical price points on other drugs for community hematologist use, and then sort of linking that how we might want to think about the impact of the Medicare donut hole on 1H12 or first half 2012 sales?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : The MF patients are generally older than the population as a whole. We believe about 60% are going to be over 65. So when you look at the socioeconomic background that they come from you have to factor in that age is a variable. Putting that aside, what we did for pricing is a number of different ways of looking at what is an appropriate price for our drug. One of them is to show a blinded product profile of your product to a variety of payers and physicians and say, When you see a product that looks like this with these types of benefits what other products do you think of?  And there wasnt a consensus answer for ruxolitinib. Its not like everyone we talked to gave the same product, there was definitely a pretty wide range of products that they gave. When one looks at what the most common responses were, they were generally the reference products were the CML products so Gleevec, Sprycel and Tasigna. So thats one data point that we would incorporate into our thinking. And those products are particularly, Gleevec of course, but the other two too are widely used in practices where we would be expecting ruxolitinib to be too. So theyre very used to using oral oncolytics and what the process is for making sure that the patients can get those products, and what coverage looks like, and dealing with the managed care issues associated with that. So in all of that our products is just very similar in process to some others that are out there so that is nothing that will be new or surprising to them. Then on Medicare, you had asked about the donut hole in the process that patients need to go through. Again, thats independent of our product, I mean there is a standard benefit design out there for Medicare patients and usually products that are over $600, and I think thats a year but it could be a month, over that amount fall into this standard benefit design. So oral oncolytics are nearly always in that category and it does mean that the patient would have some level of deductable and co-insurance and then they would enter into a donut hole. And based on changes in the law last year, they would have to pick up about 50% of the donut hole costs and the rest of it is picked up by the manufacturer which means that they might have outlay of $2,800 or more by the time theyre actually through the donut hole and that can be a significant amount really for anyone, but maybe Medicare patients you might think of some of them being on fixed income. Maybe it is more significant for them. The way the laws are set up, manufacturers cannot directly help people covered by federal government programs so we would not be able to directly help Medicare patients. In recognition of this, sometime ago a number of charitable foundations took on as part of their goals, is to help Medicare patients be able to manage the cost associated  not just drug costs, the costs associated with their illness. And so those charitable foundations are in effect and Incyte recognizes the challenge that Medicare patients have and we would of course try to do what is possible to help through the foundations and the foundations supporting the MF community.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities.
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities: Just a little bit more about the MF market as were anticipating a launch here in the near term. Can you talk about what gives you confidence about the patient numbers, how you get to your patient number assumptions in the US? And then maybe could you further break that down into those patients, I dont know how you think of it, but are they all addressable? Is there sort of a mild, to moderate, to severe, or is there some of those that are maybe halve more severe splenomegaly or whats the break down in terms of the available patient population?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Ill let Pat elaborate on what I say. Weve done obviously, a lot of research identifying numbers and are really quite confident that were dealing with a population that is in the 17,000 to 18,000 range of registered and known patients. If its anything like the CML market, where that being a disease thats frankly, a lot easier even to diagnose than MF but there was no effective therapy, how many more patients actually existed once there was something that worked, so we would  I mean, Im anticipating that that same phenomena will play out here. But, just assume 17,000 to 18,000 people. About two thirds of them are exactly what we studied in the COMFORT trials, theyre intermediate II and high risk patients. Every one of those, if theres not a contra indication, would benefit from the drug. Intermediate I patients and low risk patients make up the remaining 30% divided equally and I think Pat has said, that we think we have something to offer and the drug should be reasonably attractive to the Intermediate I risk people. Many of them have spleens and they can have constitutional symptoms. The low risk people we thought that would be a tougher climb at first and I dont think weve gotten publically into what our market research says about penetration rates in that group but obviously thats not the low hanging fruit. But, it actually turns out that over half of those people have splenomegaly and you would expect it  although they can have constitutional symptoms you would expect the symptomatology related to the big spleen. So that group could be attracted to the drug as well but thats going to be upfront the hardest group to make heavy inroads into as you would expect.
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : I would just add, earlier we had talked about moderate to severe MF patients, they really have a significant burden of disease and we have always expected that both first use and greatest use would be in those two populations and then over time it would go to maybe patients who have slightly less burden of disease. So weve always unfolding in that way. Thats the only thing I would add to Pauls comments which were very competent.
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities: Just as we think about what the shape of the launch curve could look like, can you maybe discuss any hurdles or barriers that you anticipate that youre going to have to overcome at least lets say for the first year, maybe the sense of urgency to treat? I dont know if theres any other reimbursement things that we need to think about? The frequency of visits the patients tend to have with their physician? I dont know if age plays a role kind of in the level of awareness, those kinds of things?
Patricia S. Andrews, M.D. : When you think about the market, and we talked about these moderate and severe patients and how burdensome the disease is for them and how often do they come in and see their physician, and it could vary. Probably the severes are really in maybe once a month but maybe moderates are in every three months or every six months and over time theyve kind of got accustomed to living with their illness. That more so than almost anything else, is the thing that makes this a slow and steady uptake because physicians are not going to call in these patients, the majority of physicians are not going to call in their patients and say, Theres a new therapy come and get it. Theyre actually going to wait until the patient comes in during their normal cycle time and theyre going to redo the blood test, and theyre going to talk to the patient about putting them on drugs, and theyre going to put them on a drug, and the patient is going to come back in three of four weeks and over time the physician will get comfortable with this drug and this patient and then theyll expand a little bit more. But theyre not going to put everyone on at once. Theyre going to want themselves to get familiar with the drug and how it works, and who will it work best in, and why, and what additional care and treatment will they need, and all of those things. They do take some period of time. So thats how I see it unfolding.
Liisa A. Bayko  JMP Securities: Just finally, have you gotten any feedback, and obviously you wont be promoting it in this way, but the level of interest of using the drug perhaps in off label fashion in PV?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : We have our compliance officer in the room here. There will be some but we have to be very, very careful about that.
Operator:  We have no further questions at this time. I turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D. : Thank you all for tuning in today. Obviously, were ready to go, we just have to get over the finish line and were hoping to be talking to you again very soon. Id say with that, stay tuned.  
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy  VP, IR & Communications Paul Friedman  President & CEO Dave Hastings  EVP and CFO Rick Levy  EVP, Chief Drug Development & Medical Officer Patty Andrews  EVP and Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co. Lori [ph]  Collins Stewart Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann Andrew [ph]  UBS Ryan  Gleacher & Co. Anton [ph]  Citigroup
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you. Ms. Murphy, you may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer; Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer. To begin, Paul will provide an overview of the second quarter and then Dave will follow with a brief discussion of the quarters financial results; well then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, we like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are forward-looking statements including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development program, the timing of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions, anticipated product launch plans, potential safety and efficacy of our compounds as well as our expected financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended March 31, 2011 and from time-to-time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul Friedman: So good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Weve had an eventful couple of months here. The results from our two registration trials in myelofibrosis COMFORT-I and II represented in full at ASCO and at EHA and we submitted the NDA on June the 3rd. While we wait the official NDA acceptance letter which is due within 60 days of the filing date, the agency has verbally confirmed on multiple occasions, the latest yesterday afternoon that we have been granted priority review and that our PDUFA date is December the 3rd. Novartis continues to make progress as well. They submitted the MAA in June. The presentations at ASCO and EHA demonstrated that treatment with ruxolitinib gives very compelling results including significant reductions in spleen size, significant improvements in symptoms and an overall improvement in quality of life measures. In contrast, and I think this is an important point, the patients who received placebo even in a six-month period and even or even the best available therapy, their disease worsened. Market research conducted over the past several years has consistently indicated that ruxolitinibs ability to address these negative aspects of MF were expected to position the drug as a welcomed and important new treatment for both the patients and their treating physicians.
-: Other high priority commercial activities are far along. We are finalizing the specifics of a distribution network that will include a hub and a limited number of specialty pharmacies to ensure that our commercialization efforts meet the needs of all patients with MF we plan to implement a comprehensive patient assistance program. Beyond myelofibrosis were also evaluating ruxolitinib patients with advanced Polycythemia Vera in a global Phase III trial called RESPONSE. Weve been monitoring patient enrolment to raise over the past few months and while Novartis has over half its size up and running recruitment remains behind schedule. Both Novartis and we have concluded that the study needs to be amended to accelerate enrolment. Weve initiated discussions with the FDA and while I am not yet in a position to describe specific changes in the protocol to you and I wont be until weve completed those discussions, I cant tell you that we propose keeping the dual endpoint phlebotomy independence in screen size reduction the same. And because a study is currently highly overpowered for the end point were also proposing to reduce the study size. Beyond that were proposing to alter some of the entry criteria, which we made more restrictive than necessary. In a manner that in no way compromises power of the study. Assuming these changes to eligibility are acceptable with a significant portion of patients who fail screening would then become eligible to enrol in the study. Again, once we have agreement with the FDA, well be in a better position to describe the changes in appropriate detail. In addition to MF and PV and as described in todays press release we have a number of ongoing or plans studies for further developing ruxolitinib indication where theres evidence that inhibiting the JAK pathway could lead deposit of clinical outcomes. One of these studies are randomized Phase II trial in patients with pancreatic cancer just initiated this month. And as I mentioned before, pancreatic cancer is particularly interesting not only because theres a high therapeutic need given the relative lack of efficacy with existing agents, but because 424 has worked quite well in preclinical models, but in addition since theres a high incidence of severe cachexia in this patient group, we think our positive results in myelofibrosis with respect to cachexia have the potential to be carried over to pancreatic cancer since cytokine over signaling and hypermetabolism we thought to play major roles in solid tumor cachexia as well. The marketing go through the rest of the ruxolitinib studies now, but if there are questions regarding any of these, Rich and I can certainly respond during the Q&A.
-:
-:
-: Our Indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase-1 or IDO inhibitor and our oral c-MET Inhibitor continue in their Phase I dose escalation trials in patients with solid tumors. We havent reached the maximum tolerated dose for either compound. Future studies for the IDO inhibitor includes at least one Phase II trial beginning in the first half of 2012 in either metastatic melanoma or advanced ovarian cancer. For the cMET inhibitor well transfer the program to Novartis, who you may recall has worldwide rights to the compound. Ill now turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Paul and good morning, everybody. Ill start my brief overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the second quarter with $364 million in cash and investments excluding $28 million in restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October 2012 on our 4.75% convertible senior notes. Our cash uses here has been $89 million excluding $14 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and a $15 million milestone payment received from Novartis for the cMET inhibitor program. Our cash use so far this year is on plan and our cash use guidance for the year is unchanged at $185 million to $200 million. This guidance, as always, excludes actual and potential milestones received from partners and proceeds from stock option exercises. Our operating expenses were also in line with our expectations and were not changing guidance for either our R&D or SG&A expenses. We continue to focus our investments in what we believe are high value R&D programs as well as preparing for the potential launch of ruxolitinib in the US later this year. With that, Ill turn the call back to Paul.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thanks Dave. Operator, we can now open the call for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question is from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much and thanks for keeping the script short this morning. Paul, can you give us a little bit more color on the PV study? I guess, what can you say about the way the study is designed relative to the market opportunity. In other words like, do you think that the slow enrolment has a reflection of just smaller numbers of patients that can benefit from ruxolitinib, or is it just really an overly stringent enrolment criteria and maybe if you could give us a sense of the screen failure rate, that would help?
Paul Friedman: Yes, its the ladder by far. Weve had a tremendous amount of interest in patients coming into the study and we are optimistic if our amendments are blessed relatively on SCAD that well be able to go back and recruit into the study, significant number of people who failed in screening. I dont know the exact screening failure rates. Theyre relatively high, because in trying to answer more questions then in retrospect it made sense to try to answer in this study. We ask that patients have multiple parameters and you end up with a Venn diagram with a very small sweet spot. And so theyre just, there are a couple of questions that have nothing at all to do with the primary endpoint that in the redo will not be answered, or at least the power to answer that will be smaller because we wont be making those parameters, criteria that we have to have to get into this study. Its a relatively simple fix, but we just need a little time to talk to the FDA about it.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And just in terms of the time line I guess, this is an FDA approved study, if I remember correctly then is there any (inaudible) would make it more difficult to remember the study, I guess what are your expectations for how long these discussions will go back and forth?
Paul Friedman: So, there is no due to specify timeframe for the FDA to respond and we are revising in SPA but weve had discussions with them about this. We had really very good interactions with the FDA in this division in particular, and we just dont anticipate that this would be protracted and well see how it goes. Were also optimistic because the changes make perfect sense that FDA will accept the amendment. Im not saying we wont have some discussion back and forth, but we just have to wait and see. We plan within the next couple of weeks to have the amendment into the FDA, so well be moving pretty quickly. And again, without getting into specifics what we think are very reasonable changes to the protocol are accepted without a major alterations that we would not change our guidance with respect to time lines for completing the study.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Very helpful, thanks so much, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Thanks. Just to follow-up on RESPONSE. Can you give us a sense as to what the current entry criteria or just a reminder of that? And what are the reasons why people are failing the screening process, is there a particular entry criteria, can you address that?
Paul Friedman: The inclusion criteria are listed on clintrials.gov and I dont want to get into all the details but Ill give you an example of one where we lost a lot of otherwise eligible patients and that is subjects had to in addition to being phlebotomy dependent and having a spleen, they had to have either or both elevated white blood cell count, elevated platelet count. It turns out that a lot of people dont have that and yet they have big spleens, they have symptoms, and they are phlebotomy dependent, and thats particular criteria was meant to ask an interesting question, but it wasnt on the main path to making the co-primary endpoint. And so, if you take that out, you retrieve a lot of people who didnt make the first cut.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: I see, and can you address whether or not questions like that where harder the central debate with the agency when you 
Paul Friedman: No, they were put in by one of the two parts.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And just in terms of process here. I have never been through an amendment of an SPA, but does that require you to go through a new SPA process?
Paul Friedman: Rich?
Rick Levy: So, not exactly you send in the amendment, you often that we will supply a brief background to explain the rationale for the amendment and then the FDA reviews it, it gets back to you, they just dont have the require time line but when we talk to them they said its just an amendment to a protocol, its not a big deal for them to look at it. So, we expect that once they receive in a couple of weeks that even that you have 45-day process for an original SPA, and theres no official thing I would think that thats probably a reasonable timeframe.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: And then just back on the market opportunity it sounds like maybe some of the ways in which youre considering amending the protocol actually would have no impact on the size of the patient population that you would have indicated on the label. Is that fair that the label indication in either trial scenario you think would be basically the same?
Rick Levy: Yes, we actually think that what were proposing to do will increase that population, not decrease it.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Collins Stewart. Please proceed with your question.
Lori  Collins Stewart: Hi good morning, its Lori [ph] on behalf of Salveen. I guess just with regard to the NDA, are you anticipating a panel in the fourth quarter, and then I guess how are you preparing for the panel and would you anticipate the panel might focus on
Paul Friedman: So we have not been informed that there will be a panel, but we recognize its a novel treatment, its a novel class of drugs so we are preparing, and Rich is leading that preparation so Ill let him explain as much as he wants to in that regard.
Rick Levy: Yes, I mean, so I think by either regulations or guidelines, the FDA have to give the company at least 55 days notice before Public Advisory Committee. So, we have not received any such notice. But, we would plan on putting in more than 55 days to prepare for an advisory committee. So, were doing work that includes creating a whole bunch of potential questions, answers, slides that could be put up for that as well as our primary presentation. If we got a warning within 55 days we probably do a one or two mock advisory committee meetings as has become the practice in the industry these days. Were not quite 60 days into their priority review yet, so Im not surprised that we havent heard anything one way or the other at this point, but hearing nothing is certainly better than the alternative, because wed love to not doing advisory committee.
Paul Friedman:
-:
Lori  Collins Stewart: Great, thanks. And then just one more quick question. If your PDUFA is December 3rd, I guess, how quickly could you launch the drug and would you potentially be prepared to launch it by ASH, which I guess is about a week later?
Paul Friedman: Yes, absolutely. Patty Andrews can explain on this, but we have been very proactive about this, and if anything we would be ready to launch substantially before that, and then (inaudible) just to be on the safe side. What would you say, Pat?
Patty Andrews: Definitely, there is some detailed steps that we need to take in order to get the approved label on the bottles and get the bottles QC-ed and then sent to warehouse and then sent to our distribution network, and were very confident since we have mapped all of the steps with all the vendors on board. We have mark ups of draft labels etc., that we can do that within lets say 10-day window.
Lori  Collins Stewart: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. One thing Im wondering is how much guidance youre getting from Novartis, if any, with your preparations for potential panel as well as depending US launch of ruxolitinib, then I have a couple of follow-up?
Paul Friedman: Rich, Pat.
Rick Levy: At this point, we have not been getting specific guidance from Novartis on preparation for an Advisory Committee. In that we would do that if we actually had 55 days of warning. The people who are here at Incyte all done advisory panels before. Not necessarily here at Incyte, but in their experience at other company. So were well experienced in this as well, and Im sure Novartis would be directly involved in preparations, mark [ph] committee, etc., should that come to pass but at this point in time, were just basically focusing on preparations of questions and answers back of slides primary presentation.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: And then as far as their guidance with regard to the launch itself?
Rick Levy: So just to remind every one that U.S. market is Incyte and the rest of the world is with Novartis, because approval in the rest of the world takes longer. Were actually ahead of them on these preparations, all the standard things and when would do associated with market research and branding and positioning and concept and then the distribution processing are different because were in the US, and there are ex-US, so there is not really that much overlap and they do have their own focus on their primary responsibility. That being said we have committees in place, we do talk to them all the time, its in a very supportive and interactive and continuously engaged relationship, so we get some information from them, they get some information from us.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay, and then on 050 with the three-month portion expected to wrap up in early 2012, do you know Lillys plan for releasing the data, is this something that would be press released or would they hold it for a medical meeting?
Paul Friedman: We dont know the answer to that, and I think you have to ask them. I mean we certainly if we are programmed we would give something top-line while we waited for one of the arthritis meetings larger company they may wait for one of the meetings but youd have to ask them. I mean its conceivable they would be in Phase III before they actually presented Phase IIb data, if they wait for one of those meetings.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: And last question is for, Dave on the model, and how we should think about as the SG&A line in the second half of the year as you ramp up the sales force?
Dave Hastings: Yes, so were not changing guidance, Cory is though as you look at the first two quarters, the spending is a little bit less than were anticipating, and as Paul mentioned, were well underway of hiring the sales force putting the infrastructure in place, so again well spend within the 50 million to 55 million, but youll see that ramp up in Q3 and Q4 in particular.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Yes, good morning. Thank you. And some of might have been asked, but just circling back real quick to the PV trial, are you fully committed and fully expect to still emerge under SPA after these discussions with FDA?
Paul Friedman: Were optimistic theyll accept the amendment that may require some discussion. You would rather do this under SPA if you could. Well have to see what the timing implications are and how they get back to us. But is that a fair answer, Rich?
Rick Levy: I think that it depends on exactly if they dont agree with exactly what we propose it would depend to a certain extent on what the areas of disagreement might be. How long we thought that they would take your results? So, were just going to say that its nothing absolute, but our intent to stay with the SPA, and well make a final decision when well have more information.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: And then on Sheddase, I noticed that I think this might be new that youre now highlighting a kind of the commercial analysis as part of the go/no go criteria. If that is new element, can you give any additional color there, and maybe including if anything is change and how you look at the opportunity?
Paul Friedman: While theres certainly have been other agents, which have appeared on the scene like the TM1 is one and whats the other?
Rick Levy: (inaudible)
Paul Friedman: Yes, and so, we have to make sure that the niche that we believe is there, is in fact there.
Rick Levy: The other agent is the one that prevents the dimerization of the receptors.
Paul Friedman: So monoclonal.
Rick Levy: Antibody, right.
Paul Friedman: Begins with P. Right. And so the data at ASCO with both of those agents we thought was were impressive and we just have to make sure that our return on investment should we go into Phase III with the Sheddase inhibitor is the best place to put our money since we cant do everything.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: And just something else that I think I had a bit of air time at ASCO and was kind of a theme was the inadequacy of the current IWG criteria for transfusion independence and preference for something more like the Gale [ph] criteria, I know its only been a couple of months but curious if you are seeing any signs of activity kind of in the guidelines community on that front? Thats my last question.
Paul Friedman: I think there was a plan and then the initial meeting may have occurred for the IWG to meet and have further discussion on that, but thats the last I heard about it. I think it would make a lot of sense because the transfusion independent criteria currently in the guidelines is, as you know, not a very challenging hurdle.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Im just wondering if youre getting ready for a potential panel and the launch of ruxolitinib. What are you thinking with respect to what post approval requirement might be required. Do you think that youll need to have some sort of study monitoring outcomes potentially leukemia-free survival and/or both Hematology changes?
Paul Friedman: Yes so I guess it could be us to follow any of those that you said. It could be us to look at durability; it could be us to follow leukemia-free survival. I dont know how easy that is with the crossover rules, Rich.
Rick Levy: Yes, I mean, you can look at durability in the arm, let me demonstrate it clear superiority that well see both in a number of things as well as best available therapy 
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Right.
Rick Levy: Instead a 351 or couple one that US study patients that potentially all crossover and the intent is the COMFORT-II patients who cross over since. So, its really more of what you can get out of those places while its 3251 [ph] which has already been going on for four years. So get more durability to look at things, but not so in a comparative way. We did not believe that there is really much chance at all that after FDA agreed that we didnt need to show anything around survival. At the time weve set up these SPAs that they would come in now, so we think it would probably more likely just be a run rate, durability, greater exposure around the things that weve already and are in the patients that we already have, but we havent had this discussions with FDA yet.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Okay, thats fair, that makes sense. And then a question for Pat, just wondering what kind of may be preliminary pay or fee back you guys are getting with respect to ruxolitinib profile, just considering that dramatic symptomatic and quality life benefits, the fact that there is really nothing else effective for the MS indication, but not quite having a disease modification date at this point? And then can you remind us what are the potential payer mix in the MS population, how that might influence your pricing decision? Thanks.
Patty Andrews: Sure. Weve actually completed our pricing work and so we now have significant feedback from payors in the US, and as expected, its very favorable because of the profile of the product. And as you know in the United States its really about what tiers they place your product on, its not whether they will cover it if you are an oncology product because they are covered. And the tiers are second, third, fourth and the first two are generally co-pays, the third is a co-insurance and usually its the practice of the organization and some of ours more than it is the results from the study, so wed expect we will have a mixture across those three tiers. And see, the second question was on the mix, which about 60% of the patients are over 65, so theoretically could be covered by Medicare, some portion of those are still covered by private insurance through retiree benefits or other things. So, it ends up being around, lets say 40% are covered by Medicare, and 12% covered by self-pay and 5% Medicaid and the rest commercial pay. And thats how we are looking at it and as you also know theres different things that we can do to support patients in those different buckets to ensure that the script is written they are able to afford the medications.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Got it. Thats very helpful. So then now that you have completed your pricing work, is it fair to say that youre still guiding towards upper end of the $40,000 to $60,000 for your list price range?
Patty Andrews: Were actually not going to be setting the price until right at approvals, and youll hear a word, but theres has been our Phase III data isnt very positive, theres been higher priced works coming to the market and so those are all things that factor in what that final decision would be?
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just two really quick ones; one is on clinical trials, our goal for the PV study, a lot of sites are listed is not recruiting, are all the sites have been recruiting and its more the criteria or is it also a question of finishing out getting all the sites up and running and then maybe (inaudible)?
Patty Andrews: Its a combination of both. This recruiting study has been frustrating for some of the sites because of some of the things weve talked about and theyre aware that were planning an amendment. And so, some of the sites have not been rushing to get up and running until the amendment goes through at the same time. But were quite confident that once the amendment goes through, the sites that we have will be enrolling patients and a number of the patients that did not meet the screening criteria originally, will come back in and enroll in the study. So I think looking at the past, clearly says that changes needed to be made which is why were taking steps to make the changes but were confident that that will work.
Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley: And then just quickly on pricing. Is there a good or what do you think is the best comp in terms of other drug on the market that is sort of the most relevant to think about pricing for ruxolitinib ?
Patty Andrews: In our research we did ask both payors and physicians what they thought would be a comparable product and actually they named many. So within that group there is pretty much the obvious comparisons with others CML product, which are chronic to sigma, sprysil [ph], gluvit [ph] or some other products that are newly or not new now, but new were to the market, affinatore [ph], futent [ph] some people name products like permectaso [ph] it really, its a wide range that they name and we would be aware of that in choosing what price we have, but really, earlier Brian had asked the question, I was still in the 46,000 range or we see the high end of that, and so if were in that range were at the high end of that range, but we maybe out of that range.
Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Leerink Swann. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Great, thanks for taking the questions. On R&D, should we look at this as kind of a new floor on the quarterly spend, going forward how should we look at that? And then a question for Pat maybe you can give us a little bit of color on what your expectations for the speed of uptake approximately and then (inaudible) oncology drugs, is it more slow and steady between the two? Thanks.
Rick Levy: Josh, for the rest of the year, we see a little bit of uptrend in the R&D expense, but again theyll be within the guidance weve previously given, which is 175 or 185?
Patty Andrews: And on uptake, there are a couple of things as we were interviewing these reps that Paul had mentioned, a lot of them have actually commented to us that theyve spoken to some of their physicians to see if this is a company they should join what they thought as a product and the physician says Yeah, its a great product, I have patients waiting. So I think there are a certain number of patients out there who are following this, who are active and engaged, physicians who have these patients and theyre waiting for this product. And so there will be a certain amount of that at the beginning. At the same time physicians often cautious, theyre more likely to put their more severely ill patients those who clearly match the exact criteria in the study, those who have very large spleen, and those who have a lot of symptoms and put those patients on the drug first and see how they respond to it. We believe based on everything weve seen in earlier studies that majority of those patients, the vast majority will get some benefit, many will do extremely well. Itll be restoring their lives in a lot of ways that will be encouraging to the physicians, they will then put other patients on the drug, maybe those who are more moderate and spleen enlargement were moderate incentive. So, that takes a while. So if I were characterizing the launch, I will probably do it more slow and steady than enormously fast and then flat.
Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann: What does your market research tell you in terms of the prevalence numbers youve identified, what number of patients are severely affected? What numbers are moderate versus the mild case?
Paul Friedman: So, there is about 16,000 to 18,500 in MF patient in the United States, about a third of them are severe, about a third are moderate, and about a third are mild.
Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Okay, great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew  UBS: Hi, thanks. This is Andrew [ph] filling in for Matt. Couple of questions on PV, you mentioned kind of the screening failure rates, is one of the causes the requirement for the hydroxyurea resistance or intolerance, is that something that youre looking at potentially dispensing with?
Paul Friedman: As I said a couple of times, I dont mean to be evasive, but were not going to get into the details. What that those issues were until weve had a chance to talk with the FDA. I gave you one example. Sure, there have been some people who have not might be strict definition of hydroxyurea resistance or intolerance, that percentage for example, is significantly lower than the white count, platelet count thing I told you about. So that alone would not matter that much and I just would rather not get into the details of what it is were addressing both because our partner would not be happy about that and it could balance up our discussions with the FDA.
Andrew  UBS: And then secondly, when we look at the Phase II PV data, it looks like two-thirds of the patients were at like a tight credit those below the 10 milligrams BID. Is this your expectation for the achieved dose in the Phase III and what potential impact did that have on pricing versus what you expect in MF?
Rick Levy: The starting dose in this study is 10 milligrams BID thats not something that causing to faint and everybody still continues to get titrated and 10 milligrams (inaudible) is about where people end up around and Ill turn it over to Pat to talk about pricing.
Patty Andrews: So, as I said earlier, were going to set the price at launch, but weve certainly been speaking about flat pricing, so it doesnt matter what strength patient is on. So that would obviously effect if the PV does include were different, the pricing would still be the same per patient so to speak than per dose, so, thats how weve been looking at it.
Andrew  UBS: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Gleacher & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan  Gleacher & Co.: Hi guys, this is Ryan in for Ying, thanks for taking my question. I guess going back to the pricing issue. Since you said you have about 40% of patients on Medicare, have you communicated or do you plan on communicating with CMS with pricing discussions?
Patty Andrews: Its something that we think about and we talk internally about whether well do or not. Its more critical with your in infused product than if you are in oral Oncology because of the way thats coverage work been so I think many biotech companies coming forward with monoclonal antibody something they think of probably more strongly then we will think of doing it.
Ryan  Gleacher & Co.: And then one more question, ruxolitinib. So you guys are initiating the Phase II trial on pancreatic cancer. Do you guys have any clinical or pre-clinical evidence of activity in pancreatic?
Paul Friedman: Yes, not that I would bet the ranch on any of those pre-clinical models, but we have very good activity in ____44:24 which should help you by those experiments. But seriously, there have been so many, you dont want a negative experiment there, but a positive, I dont think tells you that margin till you get into people.
Ryan  Gleacher & Co.: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lucy Lu with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Anton  Citigroup: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Its actually, Anton [ph] on behalf of Lucy. I just have two quick questions. One is when do you think we will see some of the Phase I to-date on ruxolitinib other hematology malignancies. And the second question is can you please confirm for us fully diluted share account? Thank you.
Paul Friedman: What was the second question? Fully diluted share account. Okay, why dont you do that one?
Dave Hastings: Sure. So, if you take into account all employee stock options and the convertible note, about $190 million.
Paul Friedman: Rich, do you want to answer the other?
Rick Levy: We dont expect to have any results from the Phase II type of new indications. This year or early next year, were in a early stages of getting those studies started, we dont yet know what the recruitment rates are going to be, so I wouldnt anticipate anything probably at a medical meeting until earlier than maybe after 2012, but I just dont have enough information to really answer the question.
Anton  Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Dr. Friedman, there are no further questions at this time Id like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thanks very much. So, thanks for dialing in today. We will keep you updated as we interact with the FDA as its appropriate, well let you know when we get the actual written confirmation to what weve assured of verbally multiple times and I suspect that would be within week, 10 days because thats when the 60 days run out. The things, everything else is moving along, Im hoping that we have assured you that we are really focused in on top preparing for a successful launch and that we left no stone unturned in doing that, and again we will keep you informed as to how that progresses. Thanks again and with that say good bye.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. Thank for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy - VP, IR/Corporate Communications Paul Friedman - President and CEO Dave Hastings - EVP and CFO Rich Levy - EVP, Chief Drug Development & Medical Officer
Analysts: Karen J - JPMorgan Salveen Richter - Collins Stewart Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities Lea Beck - UBS Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Masha Chapman - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Ying Huang - Gleacher & Company David Friedman - Morgan Stanley Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation first quarter 2011 financial results conference call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, VP of Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you, Ms. Murphy. You may now begin.
Pamela Murphy: Thanks and good morning. On the call today, are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer; and Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Regrettably Paul is trapped in major traffic jam. So while he will be here with us on the call and part of Q&A, Rich will open up the call with a brief overview of our first quarter accomplishments, then Dave will follow with a discussion of quarters financial results and well then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning we would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development programs, including timing of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions, anticipated launch plans and the potential safety and efficacy of our compound as well as our expected financial results are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and from time-to-time in our SEC documents. Rich?
Rich Levy: Good morning everyone. In the first quarter we focused on the preparation of the NDA for our most advanced development compound ruxolitinib for the treatment of myelofibrosis or MF for short. The NDA is based on the positive results for your quarter end December for COMFORT I, our first pivotal phase III trial. Now that the positive data from COMFORT II, the second phase III pivotal trials are available, Novartis is moving forward with its regulatory submission to the EMEA in Europe. These data will also be included as an important supportive study in our NDA. As reported in mid-March COMFORT II achieved its primary endpoint of significantly reducing spleen size in patients with MF when compared to best available therapy. These results complement what we saw in COMFORT I and here too the safety profile was consistent with previous studies. We now have a very comprehensive data set to present to the regulatory authorities evaluating ruxolitinib versus two relevant comparators placebo and best available therapy. I can confirm that we and Novartis are both on schedule to submit the NDA and MAA in June. Since the FDA has given ruxolitinib fast track designation we think it is likely that the agency will grant the NDA a six month priority review. Because ruxolitinib is the first JAK inhibitor for MF we also think it is likely that the agency will schedule an advisory committee meeting and weve already started to prepare for this. If the FDA does complete it review within the six month timeframe and approves the products, wed be prepared to launch it later this year. As you saw in todays press release, the results from COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II will be featured in consecutive Oral Presentations at ASCO on June 6th beginning at 09:30 in the morning Chicago time. On that evening, we plan to host an Investor Meeting with the two presenting officers, Dr. Verstovsek the lead investigator for COMFORT-I and Dr. [Bernuke], an investigator for COMFORT II will discuss their presentations. The Investor Event will be webcast. Both studies will also be featured in the upcoming Best of ASCO which is an educational initiative that features representations of key data that were presented at the annual meeting. Abstracts selected for this program include research that ASCO considers relevant and significant to practicing oncologists. The two studies have also been accepted for presentation at the 16th Congress of European Hematology Association or EHA, which will be held in London. The COMFORT-I abstract, which will be presented in a Presidential Symposium plenary session on June 11th and the COMFORT-II abstract, will be the subject of an oral presentation the following day on June 12th. I think you will be very impressed with the level and breadth of this data that will be reported for new studies, not the least of which will be the demonstration of the benefit of JAK inhibition compared to placebo as well as the best-available therapy beyond the data on safety and reduction of spleen size, the substantial impact of ruxolitinib on reduction of symptoms that may impact the patients quality of life will also be described. These aspects of the disease and in large spleen debilitating symptoms and inability to live life normally are the ones that place such a tremendous burden on the patient. Our market research indicates that ruxolitinibs ability to address these negative outcomes should be very meaningful to both patients and physicians who treat them. Moving beyond the COMFORT II studies, we also have a very well conceived plan for further development of ruxolitinib in MF as well as other myeloproliferative neoplasms and other malignancies. With respect to MF, we recently initiated a joint global phase II trials in patients with low platelet counts, those starting between 50,000 and 100,000 and will soon initiate a second related phase to study in the same population of MF patients only in the U.S. Although we have successfully treated patient with platelet counts in this range during Phase II and III studies, these initial studies will assess dosing regimens in patients who have a low platelet count at entry. Beyond MF there was a global Phase III trial called RESPONSE evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with Advanced Polycythemia Vera, which began in the fourth quarter of last year. We are conducting the trial in the U.S. while Novartis is conducting it outside of the U.S. Most of the U.S. sites are now active and Novartis continues to initiate sites in all of its territory. In addition to the ongoing trials in MPNs, there are Phase I and Phase II trials with MD Anderson and the Children's Oncology group evaluating ruxolitinib in other leukemias and other hematological malignancies and solid tumors. A Phase II investigator response to study in patients with lymphoma is expected to initiate in the second half of the year as well we plan to initiate our own Phase II trial in patients with pancreatic cancer also in the second half. For our second oral JAK 1 and JAK 2 inhibitor, we are just partnering with Lilly but all I can say to you is that the Phase 2b trial is progressing and Lilly expects to complete the enrollment by the second half of the year. To finish up, Ill give you brief updates on our earlier stage oncology compounds beginning with sheddase inhibitor INCB7839. We hope to complete the analysis of the tissue samples from the HER-2 positive breast cancer patients mid year. We plan to use these results to finalize interpretation of our phase II data and determine whether moving into phase III development is warranted. Our endowment Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase one or IDO inhibitor INCB 24360 represents the novel cancer immunotherapeutic approach and is currently in a phase I trail in patients with solid tumors. The trial is progressing and it is expected to complete the dose escalation phase by the end of the year. Although this mechanism has potential application in a variety of tumor types, we will likely focus on melanoma and a variant cancer in our phase II clinical development program. Our dose-ranging Phase I trial for our oral cMET Inhibitor INCB28060 in patients with solid tumors is ongoing. As you know Phase I trial is designed to find the maximum tolerated dose. And we are not there yet, so we will continue to study until we reach that dose level. This compound is part of our collaboration with Novartis and in the first quarter we earned a $15 million milestone payment based on achievement of this predefined milestone. In addition, we are on track to file an IND for another oncology target mid-year and once the IND has been cleared by FDA, Paul and I will be in a better position to describe the program in further detail. Ill now turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Rich and good morning everybody. Ill start my brief overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the first quarter was $384 million in cash and investments excluding $38 million in restricted cash held in escrow for interest payments through October 2012, on our 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes. Our ending cash also doesn't include the $15 million milestone earned from Novartis for the cMET program. Cash used this quarter was $45 million excluding $4 million in proceeds from stock option exercises. Our cash used for the quarter was on plan and 2011 cash use guidance is unchanged at $185 million to $200 million. This guidance, as always excludes actual and potential milestones received from partners and proceeds from stock option exercises. Because of the milestone we earned this quarter we are increasing our revenue guidance from $67 million to $82 million for 2011. Now moving to our operating expenses. These two were in line with our expectations and our guidance remains unchanged in both R&D and selling, general and administrative expense as we prepare for the potential launch of ruxolitinib. In terms of hiring in the commercial area while we've had a core marketing team in place for sometime, this quarter we continue to build out and staffing a sales operation and training functions including our first regional business manager. Importantly, our medical affairs team is now almost fully staffed. So now with that overview, Paul I'll turn the call over to you.
Paul Friedman : Thank you, Dave. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A now please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question today comes from the line of Karen J with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Karen J - JPMorgan: Good morning. This is Karen J for Cory Kasimov. I have two quick questions. One, on the commercial build out, could you update us on your plans for the next couple of quarters, as to whether or not theyve changed and what has been Novartiss role? Have theyve been instrumental or helpful in that? And secondly if you could comment on importance or benefit of being first to market with the JAK inhibitor, that would be great?
Paul Friedman: So Pat Andrews should address that question. 
Pat Andrews: Great, thanks Paul. So our plans are the same. We plan on hiring our regional managers in the second quarter and reps in the third quarter. We are on track for that. Our plans are in place and we are moving, and as Dave mentioned, weve actually already brought on board the first regional manager. And our head of sales has been on board since mid last year. So those plans are on track. Novartis has the ex-US portion of this and we have the US piece. Of course we talk frequently, we have excellent communication between the two companies, but the US build out is ours. Where possible and appropriate, we align on global aspects. We previously said that the brand name that we are working on for example is a global brand name. Now that may because it still needs to go through regulatory authorities, may not ultimately end up being the circumstance, but thats the type of thing that we would plan on with the Novartis, because there are certain synergies associated with it. And then being first to market is a very strong plus. It allows us to shape the market. It allows us to create the first impression of JAK inhibition in myelofibrosis patients. It of course gives us a window of time before our competitor comes in which is in the two to three year range, assuming some of the competitors do progress their studies. So there are tremendous advantages to it. Its an excellent position to be in.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Collins Stewart. Please proceed with your question.
Salveen Richter - Collins Stewart: So at ASCO, we will see data from ruxolitinib and other MF drugs using varied definitions for anemia response. May be you could just give us some clarity in terms of your physician feedback. What are they most focused on here?
Paul Friedman:
 : But mainly interested in the ability to shrink the spleen by at least 10% is significant shrinkage of the spleen and the relief of these profoundly debilitating symptoms, obviously they are also with the interest in improving survival although that was not an outcome that was  that we expected in either study to yield statistical significance, although weve indicated that there are positive trends. But Ill turn it over to Rich and to Pat to see whether they want to add anything further.
Richard Levy:  I have to make  to add, I mean I dont hear from the physicians that they are particularly concerned about the sciatic profile of the drug in fact there are  the things that we hear is how remarkably well tolerated it is. I mean, anemia is something that theyre very used to dealing with and not something there is a particular concern, of course they prefer drug that didnt have any effects on anemia or cure to anemia. But thats not a focus; and so they are focused on the safe and effective use of the drug. And I dont know what you understand there.
Paul Friedman: So I would just add that many of these physicians have been treating their patients for a number of years and during that period of time may not been able to help them with the debilitating symptoms that they have. And the symptoms really do give and that patient core quality of life. There is a lot of them and whilst anyone of them maybe mild to moderate collectively they post quite a disease burden on the patient. So the physicians, they are looking for something which has a good risk benefit profile and they are focusing on efficacy and they believe like oncologists, typically they are focusing more on efficacy and they try to manage this side effects and consequences that might occurred with taking a medication. And that's how we have seen consistently in all of our research. We have interviewed probably close to now 1,000 physicians in the U.S. and in some other countries. And the overwhelming response is that if the improvement in the debilitating symptoms and the reduction in spleen or there any other consequences that might include thrombocytopenia or anemia are manageable.
Salveen Richter - Collins Stewart: Great. And just a follow up if I may, how many patients from COMFORT I remain on drug?
Paul Friedman: Rich, do you want to answer that?
Richard Levy: Yeah. I don't have that number at hand, but it's a vast majority. I mean there were some placebo patients who didnt make it thru to the crossover; probably over 90% of the patients who originally randomized to ruxolitinib did and the dropout rate after the crossover, I don't have quantitative information on, but my understanding is that its minimal.
Salveen Richter - Collins Stewart: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats on the continued progress. I had a question on the SR formulation, you mentioned that you initiated a Phase II study and we saw that recently posted ClinicalTrials.gov. I was just wondering if you could maybe talk a little about what the technology or approach here is with this formulation. What you have seen so far in clinical and pre-clinical studies. And whether or not you think the Phase II would be a sufficient enough approaching study to potentially expand the label to the Phase II to once a day or over the new larger Phase III? And then I guess for Pat, from the commercial standpoint how much of an impact do you expect a once a day formulation to have this more targeted towards  is this targeted towards expanding the market potentially or more protected to help and protect against future competition? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: Yeah. So Ill start and then Ill pass the time again to Rich and to Pat. We already have shown with doses of 150 once a day IR that we get very good responses. Were looking for a smoother profile, a lower peak and you know more extended AUC by using SR formulation. Weve seen in that animals in our early PK weve been able to demonstrate as well. But I dont think we have  Rich may have something add to this, but weve just begun the studies, so we dont have a whole lot of information yet from the Phase II trial. Would that be fair Rich?
Richard Levy: Yeah. I think we only had our first patients receiving the drug for a few weeks now and so I just know that there are no problems so far and I dont really know anything more than that. The studies that we are doing now would not be all you would need to get to market; thats pretty clear. This is essentially dose escalation and expansion added dose. What would you actually need to get it to market, if we decide that it has enough benefit over the IR in order to do that is not exactly clear; and when look at the data that we have from the COMFORT I study, you can see that wouldnt require a whole lot of patients in order to be able to demonstrate effectiveness versus control, if that was to be required. It would be more of an issue as to how many patients would need to expose to that formulation for safety in order for regulatory authorities to be comfortable. But it shouldn't take too long, but this one study is not the only one.
Paul Friedman: Pat, do you have something to add?
Patricia Andrews: Yes, a couple of things. So a twice daily drug commercially in myelofibrosis is high and we would really be studying it more for competitive reasons to protect our share in case any competitor one day down the road did come in with a once a day product. By itself that's not enough to make a difference, but if someone came in with a comparable efficacy in once a day, its a slight plus. There's also a generally greater compliance with the once a day rather than a twice a day. We don't expect it would have a huge difference in this particular therapeutic area, because actually the patients feel pretty good on drug and they actually feel a bit worse off drugs, so they are probably more inclined to have a high compliance rate in this area; nonetheless in general, compliance is higher with a once a day drug say maybe 10% to 15% higher. So while that doesn't expand the market in the sense that the number of patients will remain the same. It might make there to be slightly more drug utilization just through compliance. So those would be the reasons why we would be  and of course with greater compliance comes generally greater efficacy, so  and that would benefit the patient population. So those would be the reasons why we would be looking at once a day dose.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks, thats very helpful. And then just a real quick follow-up; any differences in the areas of focus between the ASCO presentations and the EHA data presentations?
Paul Friedman: Rich would say not  not really...
Rich Levy: As of now, absolutely not. It may turn out that based on some questions we may get at that one presentation we might make some last minute modifications in order to be able to address those things more fully in light of later presentation. But you are asking whether you need to go to both. They are going to be fairly similar.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks very much for the clarity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Lea Beck: Hi, good morning. This [Lea Beck] for Matt Roden. If I could just sort shift gears for a second and talk about the RA program. Have you had any potential discussions with Lily or afterthoughts regarding the imbalance or shift that Pfizer has recent seen in their Phase III trials? And just as an aside or I guess a follow-on to that, do you think there is anything that you might see in a potential safety benefit being more of a JAK1/2 specific target rather than a pan JAK target? Thanks.
 UBS: Hi, good morning. This [Lea Beck] for Matt Roden. If I could just sort shift gears for a second and talk about the RA program. Have you had any potential discussions with Lily or afterthoughts regarding the imbalance or shift that Pfizer has recent seen in their Phase III trials? And just as an aside or I guess a follow-on to that, do you think there is anything that you might see in a potential safety benefit being more of a JAK1/2 specific target rather than a pan JAK target? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: We are taking Pfizer at their word that in the one study that seems to have created all this excitement. There were four deaths in on-drug. I think two of those thats occurred after patients were off-drug. One was respiratory that and one was acute heart failure which Pfizer was willing to tell us was not related to drug. So, I am actually at a loss to understand what the issue is frankly. We have in hundreds now of MF patients, older patients sick with cardiovascular disease have not seen any increased incidents in patients on drug in congested heart failure or cardiac problems.  And so I dont understand what the issue is frankly at this point unless you dont take Pfizer at your word. And so I would ask Rich to expand on that if he can, but thats my level of understanding of whats happened in the last couple of weeks around their publication of their abstracts.
Rich Levy: So I mean abstracts are helpful. It is going to be a while both at the ULAR meetings and then again some of the data wont come out until ACR to be able to see a little bit more in detail on these things. But just looking at it from whats available, I mean number one, I think that there is a lot more exposure to drug than they are to controls over the long course here. Two, that these are for the most parts patients who have comorbidities. It is quite well known for example that because of the inflammatory state that exists within rheumatoid arthritis as in other inflammatory states, there are more risks for cardiovascular disease than an age matched population. I would also say that we find it encouraging that they have completed all of their phase III studies and they all showed positive efficacy results including within a very short timeframe, which is only six months showing a difference in  and the X-Ray changes indicating that it is a true [indicator] and we havent seen the smoking guns by any means that suggest that the safety profile is going to be a problem for them. And with respect to our and Lillys drug, we havent seen any of the  we clearly have fewer patients exposed with that particular drug so far, but we havent seen heart disease, respiratory failure and any of those things. And with respect with the JAK 1, 2 versus JAK 1, 2, 3 is going to make a difference here. I mean this is just theoretical. Its possible, but we dont have the data to really address that.
Lea Beck:  Right, thank you.
 UBS:  Right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company:  Thanks for taking the call. Just a couple of minor questions remaining; is there any update on enrolment in the response study?
Paul Friedman:  So enrolment in the response study is proceeding reasonably well and we still have a number of the most important sites meaning that the academic sites with their longer times to get everything through, not only their IRBs but their oncology review committee and things like that; those always take more time and those are the sites that we expect to enroll with the largest number patients and thats kind of where we are in the U.S. With respect to Europe, Novartis has really only gotten started within the past months and so they have some other sites, but the majority are still not out. So its really going to take I think another quarter to have a good sense as to whether or not we have all the right sites to be able to complete this on time. Right now, its just a little bit behind.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: On time being by year-endish?
Paul Friedman: That's right.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Okay. And then the $15 million milestone from the Novartis for the cMET Phase I, can you talk about what was accomplished in that trial and also this may be a bit of a net, but Dave why doesnt the cash front guidance go down by 15 million, with that milestone in hand.
Dave Hastings: Yeah. Eric so, in terms of the cash burn guidance, we always give gross cash burn excluding milestone, so certainly on net basis our cash burn will be lower but on a growth basis, we have not changed the 185 to 200.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: And what was milestone for?
Dave Hastings: Well, unfortunately as you know, because of the confidentiality, we can't go into that detail. We can just say that it was a pre-defined milestone for progress in the clinic, we are happy with where the program is as is Novartis and we look forward to moving that program forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Masha Chapman - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Good morning. This is [Masha Chapman] for Rachel. I have a question on ruxolitinib, how does the most recent pricing in the oncology effect [deal value] of ruxolitinib pricing and the second question is, will Novartis have expanded access in Europe?
Paul Friedman: So Rich is, is Novartis doing expanded access firmer in Europe?
Rich Levy: We know that they are doing something, but I don't have any details on exactly which countries are starting when, I think it is likely to start after they file which again should be in June. But I have not been privy to all the details because it doesnt really involve us directly.
Masha Chapman - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Right. And, Pat would you like to comment on the, the question about pricing?
Pat Andrews: Sure. Yes, of course we continually monitor whats happening in the oncology market place, you know all aspects including on price. So we are certainly aware of prices that have come out on drugs recently launched and we continually compare our thinking. With that we will also be fielding some substantial market research over the next few months to help us determine what that price will be and then we will actually set it launch.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Gleacher & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Ying Huang - Gleacher & Company:
 :
Paul Friedman: I dont think we can say that. It's more meant for protecting us and having what we believe is the best once-a-day formulation that you could have in the event that we needed these are big competition and as Pat mentioned, if you could have a once-a-day, it has compliance advantages over twice a day. I would say from the pre-clinical data, there would be no way for us, whether there would be less myelosuppression. It's possible, but we have to see the demand.
Ying Huang - Gleacher & Company: Okay thanks. And then I will follow up on your filings here. So as I understand, you would probably take both data from COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II to talk to FDA in terms of the US filing and is this also the same case with Novartis filing in Europe and does that also take the data from COMFORT-I here?
Paul Friedman: Rich, that is what's going to happen, correct?
Rich Levy: Yes, first of all you always have to essentially give all the data that you have. Its a question of how you emphasize the data. So for the US, COMFORT-I is our pivotal study and COMFORT-II is supportive and that also means that data from COMFORT-II can result in labeling claims, including what we think is very important being able to compare to best available therapy and beyond just being able to compare to placebo.  With respect to Europe, the symptom data for the most part comes from COMFORT-I which is the blinded trial and although that symptom data hasn't been presented yet in any kind of detailed way, that will also be very important to Novartis' product profile that they want to get across in Europe, so the two studies are complimentary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley: Can you discuss the dosing that you think will end up being the most successful in the low platelet study and for patients in COMFORT-I and/or COMFORT-II who have had low platelets, where do they tend to settle out in terms of dose?
Rich Levy: Yes, so what we've found is that 5 milligram BID can be a quite active dose, but its clearly not as effective as higher doses. 10 milligrams BID gets to be close to as effective as the higher doses and the patients that we treated before who come in with very low blood accounts and are I shouldnt say very little  come in with lower end blood accounts and then end up being managed with on drug and they end up pretty much mostly around 10 milligram OAD, some at five and some at 15, not too many higher than that. So I think that doses for the patients who come into these new studies with low blood accounts will probably end up on somewhat lower doses and weve studied in the Phase III trials. But once that we expect will give them much of the benefits, better patients with higher starting blood accounts, but we need to see the data of course.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley: And just a quick follow-up, is there anything about the patients that gets thrombocythemia to suggest that theyre more sensitive to the drug; that they could get a similar benefit with a much lower dose or is it more about their own disease that as and the characteristics of their marrow that dictate the thrombocythemia?
Paul Friedman: So, I cant give you absolute answer to that question, but it seems as if the most predominant thing is their disease state. The degree of thrombocythemia is that they already have before starting on a JAK inhibitor. So I dont know that anyone is more or less sensitive to the drug per se; its just that you have less of above or before you start getting into accounts that youre trying to avoid.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Were coming to the end of our time here today. Our last question comes from the line of Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Most of my questions have been asked, but just with ASCO coming up and I know your data is going to be in the slot-like quite a bit there. But can you talk about just any other awareness maybe Pat, may be if you address any other awareness programs that we should look for it or EHA or may be even any patient focused meetings thatll be coming up? Thanks.
Pamela Murphy: This is Pam, Tom. There are no real formal patient meetings around either at the scientific forum. Theres a concentrated effort obviously at this point with media thats not been there before and theres a lot of interest from the media. I think other than that there is an education session that ASCO had put in the agenda that Dr. Verstovsek will participate and I think we might be sponsoring some CME this year. We certainly will have a very large booth in [Albright] and which we should do this; it will have a lot of interesting stuff there and a medical information area.
Tom Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Pamela Murphy: Hey, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, Id like to turn the call back to management for any closing comments.
Paul Friedman: All right, this is Paul. Were looking forward to being able to discuss our data at ASCO, its now only about a month away and then again at EHA and were  as we said in the beginning working diligently to get both regulatory documents in, in the June timeframe and were on track to do that. So stay tuned and well see everybody at ASCO, and thanks for listening this morning, and with that Ill say goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy  Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications Paul Friedman  President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Hastings  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rich Levy  Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer Pat Andrews  Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Salveen Richter  Collins Stewart Bret Holley  Oppenheimer & Company Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company Matt Lowe  JPMorgan Matt Roden  UBS Financial Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ying Huang  Gleacher & Company Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Incyte Corporations Fourth Quarter 2010 Financial Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you. Ms. Murphy, you may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer; and Pat Andrews, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. To begin, Paul will provide a brief review of our accomplishments in 2010 and describe key goals for this year. Dave will follow with a discussion of our fourth quarter and year-end financial results and provide 2011 financial guidance. We will then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development program, including timing of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and the potential safety and efficacy of our compound as well as our expected financial results and guidance are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010 and from time-to-time in our SEC document. Paul?
Paul Friedman: Thank you, Pam. Good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter and the full year were exceptionally productive for us. We accomplished many major corporate goals, not the least of which was the achievement of positive results for COMFORT-I, the pivotal trial of Incyte 18424 in myelofibrosis or MF and the start of preparations for the submission of our first NDA. This NDA could result in the approval of the first JAK inhibitor to treat MF, which can be a profoundly disabling, life-shortening disease that places tremendous burden on the patients. And if approved, we certainly expect 424 to have a significant impact on the way this disease would be treated. Last week, we learned that the World Health Organization has accepted ruxolitinib as the recommended International Nonproprietary Name for 424, and as you saw in this mornings press release, we are now using this global generic name and practicing the pronunciation. During the fourth quarter of our pipeline -- our pipeline of JAK compounds advanced with the initiation of the joint global Phase III registration trial, RESPONSE, for ruxolitinib in advanced polycythemia vera or PV and our partner Lilly began the Phase IIb trial for Incyte 28050 in rheumatoid arthritis. In addition to these being important clinical accomplishments, these events also triggered substantial milestone payments of $69 million from our strategic partners, Novartis and Lilly, bringing the total for the year in earned milestones to $102 million. We also succeeded in our goal of initiating a new clinical program in oncology with the start of the dose escalation study of Incyte 283 -- 24360, a selective orally available inhibitor of indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase or IDO. And this compound, which is being developed as an immunotherapeutic, has shown impressive anticancer activity in preclinical studies and is another example of the productivity of our discovery team. We ended 2010 with a very strong cash position. Dave will take you through that in a moment, and we have sufficient resources to achieve our objectives for this year. Well be focused on a number of important and promising programs, not only with ruxolitinib but other clinical compounds and some very interesting discovery programs that are important for future growth. Coming back to the ruxolitinib NDA for the treatment of MF, I can tell you that we are making excellent progress in completing the NDA and are still targeting the second quarter for its submission. The pivotal trial COMFORT-I was conducted under a special protocol assessment agreement with the FDA, which also granted ruxolitinib both orphan drug status and a fast-track designation. So we are anticipating a six-month priority review. If the FDA decides to have an advisory committee meeting, we will be ready and should we receive approval on this timeline, we intend to launch late this year. Novartis has also made great progress with ruxolitinib. They recently completed the COMFORT-II trial in Europe and assuming the data are positive, will submit the MAA midyear. Well also include these supportive data in our NDA. And with respect to publication and presentation of our COMFORT-I Phase III data, this is obviously an important objective for the ruxolitinib development program and I am sure to you as well. And in that regard, our COMFORT-I abstract has been submitted to ASCO. Novartis has been a great partner in this program and shares with us the vision for the development of ruxolitinib not only in MF and other myeloproliferative neoplasms, but also in other malignancies. As I already mentioned in the last quarter, we began the global Phase III RESPONSE trial with ruxolitinib in patients with advanced PV. We are conducting the trial in the United States and Novartis is conducting it ex-US. The trial is going to include approximately 300 patients and we expect to complete enrollment late this year. We also plan to continue the extension phase of the ruxolitinib Phase II study, 251. We are still getting very important data from that study as well as the extension phases of the COMFORT-I and II studies and for the later of marketing approval or the last randomized patients remaining in the study, completing week 144 or that would be 36 months. We also intend to initiate with Novartis in the first quarter, a joint global Phase II trial in MF patients with low platelets, and although we have treated patients whose platelets were below 100,000 with positive results, in the Phase II study 251, this next study will be useful in exploring other dosing regimens and further reinforce the value of treating these patients with MF who also can have enlarged spleens and debilitating constitutional symptoms. There are several additional Phase I, II studies that are planned or ongoing as we expand the development of ruxolitinib, some of which have been initiated at the request of the medical community. M.D. Anderson Cancer Center is conducting two such studies. A recently initiated Phase I-II trial in acute leukemias and the ongoing Phase II study in refractory relapsed hematologic malignancies. The investigator-sponsored pediatric trial which began last year is evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors and is being conducted by the NCI Childrens Oncology Group. Enrollment continues in this trial. We are also considering additional requests for studies from -- internally as well as the medical community in other tumor types as well. In that regard, given the very compelling evidence that activation of the JAK-STAT pathway is important in a number of subtypes of lymphoma, we expect to begin a Phase II trial in lymphoma patients in the second half of the year. In addition, our clinical team is evaluating ruxolitinib in solid tumors and has selected pancreatic cancer as the first such indication for a Phase II trial slated for later this year. Pancreatic cancer is of particular interest because of the high therapeutic need as well as the high incidence of severe cachexia in this group. Our preclinical models in this cancer have shown promising results. Additionally, we think the positive results we have seen on metabolic status in myelofibrosis patients have the potential to be carried over to pancreatic cancer as well since cytokine-mediated hypercatabolism is thought to play a major role in solid tumor cachexia. Now, for our second oral JAK1-JAK2 inhibitor, Incyte 28050 partnered with Lilly the enrollment for the Phase IIb trial in RA is expected to be complete by the second half of the year. And turning to our early stage oncology programs, the Phase II results of our sheddase inhibitor, Incyte 7839, suggests that it, in combination with Herceptin-based regimens, may offer a new therapeutic approach in breast cancer patients, in particularly those who are p95 positive. We have been conducting an analysis of tissues from HER2 positive breast cancer patients for p95 assay validation and to better define the expected rate of progression this subset of patients. We expect to complete the analysis of about 400 samples from two different large randomized European studies soon in the next few months. If these results confirm our data, they will assist us in the design of the Phase III program and lead the discussion with the FDA in the first half of the year. Our oral cMET inhibitor, Incyte 28060, now licensed to -- Novartis is in a dose-ranging Phase I-II trial in patients with solid tumors. Once we complete this study, well transfer the program to Novartis. Our indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase or IDO inhibitor, Incyte 24360, is also currently in a dose range study in patients with solid tumors. We launched this program investigating a novel mechanism for a new modulation that we believe may provide a unique method to treat malignancies either alone or in combination with chemotherapeutics, targeted therapeutics and/or other immune-based therapies. This study will help us establish dose levels for Phase II clinical trials, and it could provide some early signals of efficacy by the end of the year. And our final goal for 2011 is to file a new IND for another oncology target, which Ill describe, once we are ready to begin clinical trials in the second half of the year. So in summary, were continuing to advance and expand our pipeline in oncology and information with a focus this year on the potential commercial launch of ruxolitinib in myelofibrosis and the expansion of our clinical development plans for ruxolitinib. This marks an important transition year for us. Well be building and investing appropriately to ensure a rapid and successful launch of our first product as well as continuing our strategy -- drug discovery and development to take advantage of our core strengths. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Paul and good morning, everyone. I will begin today by reviewing our financial results and then I will discuss our financial guidance for 2011. 2010 was a really solid year for us from a financial perspective. We continued to benefit from the two significant strategic accomplishments of 2009, which were the recapitalization of the balance sheet, including our senior convertible note and equity issuances and our strategic collaborations with Novartis and Lilly. The recapitalization allowed us to redeem the remaining outstanding 2011 convertible senior subordinated notes in February, 2010. And the two strategic collaborations greatly strengthens our cash position while still retaining significant value from the partner programs. As a result, we are now well-positioned financially to potentially launch our first product this year. We ended 2010 with $424 million in cash, not including the $38 million we hold in escrow for payment of interest in our 4.75% convertible senior notes. Our cash used in 2010 was $154 million, not including a $252 million we received in upfront and milestone payment from our collaborative partners, the $11 million in proceeds received from the exercise of employee stock options. And the $159 million used for the redemption of the 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes. Our operating expenses for both the quarter and the year were in line with our expectations and reflected our continuing investment in our discovery efforts, clinical development programs and commercial preparations for the potential launch of ruxolitinib in MF. Now, moving to our financial guidance. We still view cash use as our most important financial metric. We expect our 2011 cash use to range from $185 million to $200 million, not including any potential milestones from strategic partners or proceeds from stock option exercises. The increase in the use of cash in 2011 is consistent with our key capital allocation goals, which include leveraging our core strengths in drug discovery and development, preparing for the launch of our first product later this year and having sufficient capital to appropriately fund that launch. Turning to our operating guidance, we expect $67 million in revenue in 2011, not including potential milestones from strategic partners. And while we dont give detailed guidance on milestones, I will say that we dont expect them to have a significant impact on revenue this year. We expect our R&D expense to range from $175 million to $185 million. Included in R&D is $18 million to $20 million of non-cash charges related to the expensing of employee stock options. The increase in our R&D expense from 2010 is being driven by the growth of our clinical pipeline, investment in commercial supply and increased headcount related costs. Our funding for ruxolitinib will be primarily focused on the MF extension phases, the ongoing Phase III study in PV and the additional studies in other malignancies that Paul described. We also plan on increasing our investment in sheddase and our other earlier stage oncology programs, as well as our portion of the Phase IIb study in RA being conducted by Lilly with 28050. Now, moving to SG&A expenses which we expect to range from $50 million to $55 million. Included in SG&A is $10 million to $12 million in non-cash charges related to the expensing of employee stock options. The increase in SG&A from 2010 is related to the investment in commercial preparations for launch of ruxolitinib in MF, including the hiring of the sales force. As we have mentioned in the past, we expect to hire approximately 60 sales reps, plus five to six district managers. So as you can see, 2011 is a really big year for us, I am gratified that our cash balance is such that we are well-positioned to fund both the potential launch of our first product and the continued expansion of our pipeline. So with that Paul, I will turn the call back to you.
Paul Friedman: Thanks, Dave. I am going to open the call for questions in just a moment. But as some of you may have seen from our 8-K filing, Brian Metcalf, our Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Discovery Officer, has elected your retire in May. Brian has been with Incyte since February of 2002, just a few months after I came and was one of the original architects of our drug discovery strategy and instrumental in helping us recruit what I consider to be some of the best chemists in the industry. Brians organization is the engine behind Incytes current pipeline and while we will miss his day-to-day presence, fortunately he has agreed to serve as a very active consultant to the company. So we can continue to utilize his expertise in medicinal chemistry and drug discoveries. We thank Brian for his service and we wish him well in his retirement. He leaves the drug discovery group in very capable hands as we promoted [Wen Shin Yao] to lead chemistry and [Reid Hubert] to lead biology, two extremely experienced and talented individuals. I have a long history with both of them as Wen Shin and Reid were part of my team at DuPont Pharmaceuticals and they elected to join me at Incyte. So we are quite confident that we are in good hands in both of those disciplines moving forward. So, operator, we can now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is coming from Salveen Richter of Collins Stewart.
Salveen Richter  Collins: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just comment on the future clinical development plans for rux -- I am going to pronounce it incorrectly, but -- 424 in ET.
Stewart: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just comment on the future clinical development plans for rux -- I am going to pronounce it incorrectly, but -- 424 in ET.
Paul Friedman: Ruxolitinib. In ET, yes. So Im going to ask Rich Levy to opine on that.
Rich Levy: So its interesting that you bring that up in that we have a discussion with Novartis today to try to come to an agreement on the path forward. So Im going to punt until next time but it is something that is actively being discussed.
Salveen Richter  Collins Stewart: Great. And then is there any way you can give us a sense of the market opportunity for MF patients that also have low platelet counts in the U.S.?
Paul Friedman: Pat, do you want to try that?
Pat Andrews: Sure. So low platelets can be defined in a variety of different ways. Weve used 100,000 as a marker because our Phase III study has patients who had starting platelets over 100,000 and the low platelet study we are referencing to is patients who have less than 100,000. That being said -- and thats about 40% to 50% of the market. That being said for the practicing oncologist, the hematologist, they are very used to working with platelets of all different levels. And for them, the definition may actually be lower. And they arent seriously concerned about low platelets until it falls below say 25,000 which is a relatively, very small percentage of [net] of the market. So we are really working between those two sets of numbers.
Salveen Richter  Collins Stewart: Great. Thanks and then just one last question. In the pancreatic cancer Phase II trial, will you be genotyping for JAK mutational status to enter the study?
Paul Friedman: No. Thats not necessary to do.
Salveen Richter  Collins Stewart: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bret Holley of Oppenheimer & Company.
Bret Holley  Oppenheimer & Company: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, Im wondering, does your 2011 SG&A expense guidance reflect a nearly full buildout of the ruxolitinib commercial team or should we expect, I guess, you know more buildout in 2012 there?
Paul Friedman: Yeah. But it does reflect the full buildout, but it is done gradually over the year. So it is not a fully loaded cost line for the sales force.
Bret Holley  Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And I was wondering what the timeline might be for data from the M.D. Anderson trials for ruxolitinib?
Paul Friedman: These are the hematologic malignancies.
Bret Holley  Oppenheimer & Company: Yeah. Yeah.
Rich Levy: I would expect that there will be public presentations at ASH most years. I dont know when the study would actually be finished, but there will usually be updates I would expect probably each time. And thats I think the first time youd hear about it would probably be ASH this year.
Bret Holley  Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Eric Schmidt of Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Yeah. Could you talk about the number or percent of patients who are on the open label studies, COMFORT-I and Phase II and still compliant with drug?
Paul Friedman: COMFORT-I, I think, is probably of the 309 patients that were involved. Its still somewhere over 250 to 260 but I dont have an exact number. And the patients who were -- originally randomized to placebo have now crossed over. So theyre essentially on drugs. With respect to the [7251], I dont have that number at hand. 154 patients were originally randomized into the study. We know that at M.D. Anderson, a really high percentage of the patients are still on drugs at Mayo Clinic. That percentage has come down considerably more but I dont have a total number. I would suspect, its probably around half of the original patients still on drug but I just dont know offhand.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: And then a couple of financial questions for Dave. First, do I interpret all the guidance youve given with regard to U.S. approval, timing, and milestones for 2011 to mean that you dont get any milestone from Novartis upon approval in the U.S.?
Dave Hastings: So, when you think about that contract and where a partner would place the most value, it would really be outside the U.S. And so, while I cant give real detailed guidance, that will give you some direction as to milestone flows for that program.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Okay. And in terms of the support you get from Novartis, are they going to pay for the expanded kind of early phase program around ruxolitinib for lymphoma and pancreatic cancer and some of the other things you are doing?
Paul Friedman: So the way things work, is that there are studies that we do. There are studies that they do and there are studies that we split 50-50. There are some studies that are investigator-initiated studies and those are pretty much done by regions. So if its an investigator initiated study, in the U.S., we would tape the whole thing. If an investigator study initiated in Europe or outside of the United States, they would pay the whole thing. With respect to the pancreatic and lymphoma studies, those are U.S.-based studies. We are actually paying for those but there are other things that we havent talked about so much that will also come to our benefit that they are completely paying for. And for example, the response study in PV is being shared 50-50.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Okay. And last question, if I look at the 2011 guidance and the stock compensation expense, thats ramping up pretty substantially year-on-year. It looks like youre allocating a greater percentage of total expenses to stock compensation. Was there a change in the compensation scheme?
Paul Friedman: No, but its just driven by Black-Scholes. So as the evaluation of the company increases and your stock prices higher, it drives the higher non-cash expense.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan.
Matt Lowe  JPMorgan: Hi. Its actually Matt Lowe in for Cory today. Just wondered if you could offer any clarity on timing of the COMFORT-II results and whether you -- Novartis to disclose -- how much information you expect them to disclose when they announce the top-line results of that study?
Paul Friedman: Yes. So, difficult to speak for Novartis, both because they dont like us to and because I dont know what they ultimately will decide to do. But you know, they did have what I thought was a minimalist press release on the COMFORT-I results when we put ours out. So I suspect in the not-too-distant future, once theyve sifted through the COMFORT-II results that they will put out such a press release. And you know Im -- I cant speak for them, but Im certainly hoping that they will present their results in a scientific form very soon, maybe at ASCO. Hopefully.
Matt Lowe  JPMorgan: Okay. Thats great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt Roden of UBS Financial.
Matt Roden  UBS Financial: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. With regard to your market research, Pat, have you been able to tease out expectations for 424 utilization by risk classification? Its fairly obvious that the -- theres a great unmet need in the higher risk patients but what are you seeing in your market research with respect to the milder risk patients such as [INT1]?
Pat Andrews: Okay. So, I will say that the risk classifications that we used in our study and that are in the literature are not widespread within the community of practicing oncologists and the hematologists in the United States. And they tend to look at patients and see -- sometimes you know mild, moderate or severe, sometimes they look at them by spleen and symptoms. They look at our host of other factors. So that classification, I wouldnt say that there is any direct correlation that weve seen in our research. What we have done is weve shown target product profiles of ruxolitinib to practicing hematologists, say 200 in the U.S. and gotten their sense based on spleen size and symptom severity whether they would consider this drug appropriate for that patient population. And as you might expect, for the greater -- the larger the spleen and the greater the symptoms, the more likely they are to use the drug, but there was even at levels of very mild symptoms and very small spleen enlargement, there was drug utilization. So look at it as kind of a continuum.
Matt Roden  UBS Financial: Okay. Thanks for that. And then Paul, any progress in terms of being able to identify baseline which patients are chronically inflamed? And it would be perhaps more likely to see an anemia benefit on therapy?
Paul Friedman: Yes. Its hard to -- we have no way of identifying those people before hand. Theres certainly a minority of the patients. These patients have a failing bone marrow. So that is from a quantitative standpoint, the most important aspect of their anemia. And then there are subset of people who have more -- from the cytokines have -- will have more or less of a contribution of a chronic anemia component and its that subset where you could see some mild benefit in hemoglobin. But, I mean, because of the mechanism, the predominant effect in most patients is going to be a JAK2 inhibition leading to a decrease signaling through the EPO pathway. Its just at the end of the day, what these drugs do. So I -- theres -- and theres really no way to identify who -- who that subset is, who will possibly have mild upticks in hemoglobin when they get treated.
Matt Roden  UBS Financial: So its not as straightforward as just looking at CRP levels or other product information?
Paul Friedman: No. We have not been able to correlate that.
Matt Roden  UBS Financial: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Thomas Wei of Jefferies & Company.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask a little bit more about the low platelet count study, just whatever you can share with us about the design, the number of patients, how the dose titration scheme differs and it sounds like maybe the cutoff for platelet counts at baseline might be 25,000. Any details there might be helpful. And also when you might expect to have data from the study?
Rich Levy: So, the baseline platelet counts that will be allowed into the study will be down to like 50,000. Allowing patients on drugs potentially go down to as low as 25,000 before they would have to take a drug holiday. In terms of the designs, were looking at a couple of different studies. One is kind of almost a Phase I study, looking at dose escalation starting at like 5 mg BID and working up and another one is a larger study that will start with relatively low doses and dose adjust patients right from the start. The first study is likely to start within the next month. The (inaudible) study is likely to start before the end of the second quarter.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company: And would you have the potential for there to be informative data for doctors at the time of the product launch?
Rich Levy: Yeah. Sorry. That was a part of your question and an important part. So, the first study we expect to have data at ASH in 2010 which will be around the time of the launch and the second study, we might have data, but it wouldnt be -- 2011, sorry. And the second study would be not ready to submit an abstract at ASH, but there may be other data from that study that could even be more robust because of the larger size of that study. But not, you know, in an ASH abstract most likely.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company: And neither one of them would contain a control-arm?
Rich Levy: Thats correct.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then just a separate question here on patients with -- who do not have an enlarged spleen. Can you just remind us what your most recent market research says on  excuse me -- the proportion of patients who dont have an enlarged spleen? And how should we think about the potential utility of 424 in that patient population?
Pat Andrews: So, you know, really, the vast majority of patients do have an enlarged spleen. I think the number is like maybe 70% and then there are those who have had a splenectomy and they tend to have enlarged livers and that is like another 8% to 10%. So at least 80% probably have an enlarged something that the drug helps. But you know, you might think that you only have symptoms if you have an enlarged spleen. But actually theres some patients who have symptoms and dont have any palpable spleen enlargement. And that adds another 5% to 8% to it. So thats how we look at really the potential market.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Company: Thanks. Thats very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yeah, Paul, can you just go into a little bit more detail on your comments about sheddase? You said something about doing an analysis of European studies. What is that about? And, I guess, when would you have more confidence -- have you actually made a decision to go into Phase III? It is a little bit hard to tell.
Paul Friedman: Well, no, we would only -- these -- so what this is and the reason were doing it and it almost sounds like I say the same thing every quarter because this program has been delayed for a variety of reasons. We have -- theres a single paper in the literature that points out, I think in a very convincing way, that patients who are HER2-positive and additionally p95-positive do significantly more poorly when they receive Herceptin-based regimens than the patients who are HER2-positive, but not p95-positive. And then our data which is from a reasonable number of patients, but not an overwhelming number of patients, supports that position, that -- and so, we have the opportunity by getting histologic samples from completed studies with patient histories to determine in a large -- with a large N that this hypothesis is indeed correct before we take the plunge and do a Phase III study. And so that is what were doing now. We are staining and analyzing these samples, doing immunohistochemistry to determine who was p95-positive, who wasnt, what level of p95 positivity were they and what their clinical outcomes were. And we were fortunate that we been able to get a significant sample set to look at from a variety of completed studies. And weve not made a definitive decision to go to Phase III because these data, we believe, should confirm what we believe is a very viable hypothesis. Rich?
Rich Levy: Yes? Can I make a clarification? So, when Paul said that our data confirm this, our data basically show that whereas the p95s do poorly on Herceptin-based regimens
Paul Friedman: Right.
Rich Levy: . in our case p95 plus our sheddase inhibitor 7839, those patients do very well.
Paul Friedman: Right.
Rich Levy: So that said that there is a real divergence between what a control group on Herceptin would do -- Herceptin-based regimen alone would do and when you add our drugs in those p95-positive patients. And so we just need to confirm with a larger data set that the control group is going to do as poorly as this first paper suggests. And thats what we should have within the next couple of months and then be able to make the final decisions from there.
Paul Friedman: Yeah. So, what he is saying is the control group, our p95, we have to be certain that they do more poorly than those who are not p95-positive.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. That makes sense. Thats very helpful. And just, Dave, I guess in terms of the numbers, does the R&D guidance actually include a Phase III sheddase spend? You kind of hinted at that, but I guess the R&D expenses, does that go up if you decide to go into Phase III? And then also a little bit more clarity on when you are hiring the reps for 424? Thanks.
Dave Hastings: Yes. So the guidance is all inclusive for the studies that Paul outlined. So that would include any initiation of Phase III studies for sheddase.
Paul Friedman: Pat, do you want to address the sales reps?
Pat Andrews: Sure. So weve had a VP of Sales onboard since mid last year. And with that, weve put in place what needs to be done to recruit the leadership level in the second quarter of this year and the reps in the third quarter. So they should all be on board by the end of the third quarter.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ying Huang of Gleacher & Company.
Ying Huang  Gleacher & Company: Thanks for taking my question. Going back to your comment on the platelet level because you enrolled only patients who had more than, greater than 100,000 platelets level in Phase III. Do you think that will be on the label when FDA approves this drug?
Paul Friedman: Yeah. We -- if you look at labels for oncology drugs, there -- theres no precedent for that and we do not believe that that will be the case. Its a possibility but we think it is a fairly remote possibility. The studies will be described. There will probably be a statement somewhere in the label saying that patients below 100,000 have not, we are not studied in Phase III, but we dont think there will be a labeling restriction on use.
Ying Huang  Gleacher & Company: Okay. Thank you and then can you give us a little bit more clarity in terms of the size of the potential sales force here for 424?
Pat Andrews: Sure. So we need about 60 reps to cover the market of approximately 7,000 hematologists and oncologists in the U.S. to teach in that patient (inaudible).
Ying Huang  Gleacher & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dave Friedman of Morgan Stanley.
Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Hi. Thanks. Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the spending plan. I mean, it looks like the incremental spending year-over-year on the SG&A line is not that dramatic. And given that we have seen some hematology launches cost $40 million plus upwards of incremental SG&A spend, are there things that you guys have identified that you dont need to spend money on or how are you able to do it with different budget or apparent budget?
Dave Hastings: Well, Ill just sort of one element of it and Pat you may want to give some further context. But if you think about on the sell side, at least, Dave, the hiring plan is sort of titrated throughout the year. So you are not getting a fully loaded SG&A number. But that said, we are obviously looking to be as efficient as possible with our capital. Its a very important year for us and so we are being responsible and careful. Pat, do you want to give more context on that.
Pat Andrews: Well, so Ill just add. I mean, we are being prudent with our spend but that being said, theres no area that I feel like we are underinvesting in for this launch. In fact, I believe -- you know, Incyte brought me on board more than two years ago which is a long lead time for a company of -- a development stage company to bring on board a commercial person. And we had been putting in the appropriate resources and staffing all of that time. So I would actually say we are extremely well-positioned to have commercial -- successful commercial launch later this year.
Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley: So just a quick follow-up if I can, for Dave. So, I mean, I guess what it seems like youre saying is that your end of year spend is going to be at a higher run rate than your guidance is. Is that sort of a reasonable way to interpret what youre saying?
Dave Hastings: Yeah. Exactly. It will gradually ramp each quarter, Dave.
Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Dave Hastings: The better since for what lets say 2012 sales and marketing will look like will be the fourth quarter of 2011.
Dave Friedman  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. Id like to hand the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Paul Friedman: This is Paul. Thanks for tuning in this morning. We -- were obviously energized about getting the NDA in and hopefully presenting our results at ASCO and the earlier programs we think are quite promising. We have a mostly binary type decision to make with respect to sheddase, the sheddase inhibitor. And I think by the next time we speak we will probably, unless theres yet another delay in the program, we will be in a position to clarify where we stand there. In any event, stay tuned and we will keep you updated with our progress. So thanks again for tuning in and good morning.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-09 08:30:00) =====
:
Executives: Paul Friedman  President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Andrews  Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer  David Hastings  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  Richard Levy  Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer Pamela Murphy  Vice President, Investor Relations/Corporate Communications 
Analysts: Bret Holley - Oppenheimer David Friedman - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tommy - Jefferies & Co Avik Roy - Monness, Crespi, Hardt Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird Mark Monane - Needham & Company
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporations Q3 2010 financial results. [Operator Instructions.] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, vice president of investor relations and communications. Thank you, Ms. Murphy. You may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Thank you and good morning. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development Officer and Medical Officer; and Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer. To begin, Paul will review recent developments at Incyte and Dave will follow with a discussion of our Q3 financial results. Well then open up the call for Q&A.  Before beginning, wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today, including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development programs, including the timing of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions, and the potential safety and efficacy of our compounds, as well as our expected financial results and guidance are forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described from time to time in our 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, and from time to time in our SEC documents.  Paul? 
Paul Friedman:  Good morning everyone. We continue to make excellent progress on all fronts, as reflected in the increase in publications and presentations of our clinical results, most notably for our JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitors.  In particular, data from our lead JAK inhibitor, Incyte 18424, was the subject of an article in the New England Journal of Medicine, in which the potential of 424 in the treatment of myelofibrosis was described. As there are currently no approved therapies for this disease, we are encouraged by the conclusions of the authors, as well as the comments in the accompanying editorial by [inaudible], which reaffirms JAK1 and JAK2 inhibition as a new targeted therapy for myelofibrosis. Now also tomorrow the full 24-week Phase 2A results of Incyte 28050 in rheumatoid arthritis will be presented at the American College of Rheumatology annual meeting. We are hosting a presentation of the data Wednesday evening, tomorrow evening, that will be one chance for those of you who are not attending the ACR meeting in person.  Beyond these accomplishments, we're especially looking to the completion of the two Phase 3 trials with 18424 in myelofibrosis. The controlled portion of the U.S. trial COMFORT-1 has completed, and we expect to release the top line results in the second half of December. Provided the results are positive, we intend to submit a new drug application in the first half of 2011. The European registration trial COMFORT-II, being conducted by Novartis, is also expected to be completed this year, and the MAA submission is planned in the first half of 2011 as well. Full results from both studies are expected to be submitted for presentation this coming June at both the ASCO and the European Society of Hematology meetings. As part of our objective to expand the use of 18424 into a second indication in myeloproliferative neoplasms, we secured a special protocol assessment, which we've talked about before, for a Phase 3 trial in patients with polycythemia vera, and we began this joint local Phase 3 trial, called RESPONSE, in the U.S. last month, and last week we announced the achievement of $50 million in milestones as a result of the start of that trial. We look forward to the initiation of RESPONSE outside of the United States, which Novartis has targeted to commence in early 2011. If trials progress as planned, we could present data in the first half of 2013 and submit the SNDA in the second half of 2013. Additionally, with respect to 424, the COGs group, the Children's Oncology Group, is conducting now a pediatric Phase 1-2 trial of the compound in patients with relaxed or refractory solid tumors, leukemia, or myeloproliferative neoplasms. Enrollment continues and it is expected to complete in the second half of 2012. Moving to our second JAK inhibitor, Incyte 28050, which is now known as LY3009104, this compound is in Phase 2 development for the treatment of RA. I had mentioned earlier that data from the Phase 2A trial will be presented tomorrow. This is a compound that's part of a licensing and collaboration agreement with Eli Lilly.  This quarter we elected to exercise our co-development rights for the compound. As a result of this decision, we'll now be responsible for funding 30% of the associated global development costs through regulatory approval in our RA. In exchange for co-funding the development costs, our royalty rate will increase across all tiers, resulting in effective rates ranging up to the high 20s, with potential future global sales of LY in RA. We believe that this decision has significant future financial upside for the company. Last month, Lilly initiated dose ranging Phase 2B trial in patients with RA on background methotrexate therapy. This initiation marked both important progress in the clinic and the achievement of a financial milestone for us. We earned $19 million. Future clinical development, including the Phase 2B trial, will be conducted by Lilly. Turning now to our sheddase inhibitor, Incyte 7839, which is under development for breast cancer, results from the ongoing Phase 2 trial continue to demonstrate that the combination of Incyte 7839 with Trastuzumab-based regimens may be of value in P95HER2-positive patients.  Additional efforts are currently underway to better define the expected rates of progression in this subset of breast cancer patients and assist us in the design of a Phase 3 trial. This work is scheduled to be completed this year. As I've said, once this is done, we will convey our findings to you. We would also then plan to discuss the next steps with the FDA sometime in 2011. Our oral cMET inhibitor, Incyte 28060, is currently in a dose-ranging Phase 1-2 trial in patients with solid tumors. Transition of this program to Novartis is planned. In August we initiated a new clinical program in oncology with Incyte 24360, a selective orally available inhibitor of indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase (IDO), an immune regulatory enzyme.  This is an enzyme that's expressed in tumor cells and in activated immune cells and it dampens the immune response. IDO interferes with immune function in several ways: by depleting the amino acid tryptophan, which is critical for immune cell activation and growth; by increasing the local concentration of tryptophan metabolites, which are toxic to the immune cells; and by increasing the levels of regulatory T cells, which further suppress the immune response. IDO expression has been clearly associated in a number of tumor types, with poor clinical outcomes and decreased overall survival. Pre-clinically, we've shown that IDO inhibition, by increasing the anti-tumor immune response, dramatically increases the efficacy of various chemotherapeutic agents in controlling tumor growth. These results suggest that the IDO pathway is a key regulatory element responsible for induction and maintenance of tumor immune tolerance.  Our unique compound has been shown to be effective in multiple pre-clinical models of cancer and reduced tumor growth appears to be dependent on a functional immune system, and this is consistent with the proposed mechanism of action. The Phase 1-2 dose escalation trial is enrolling patients with advanced cancers of all types. Before I turn the call over to Dave Hastings, in light of the recent publications on JAK inhibitors at ASH, and as we prepare for the results of our Phase 3 data, I want to spend a few minutes trying to explain, as clearly as I can, the effects of JAK inhibitors on hemoglobin levels.  As I've indicated before, although some JAK inhibitors in development are selective for JAK2, Incyte 18424 inhibits both JAK1 and JAK2. An obvious question that should be asked is how do compounds that inhibit JAK2, which the erythropoietin pathway uses exclusively to signal, lead to increases in hemoglobin in a subset of patients? And while the mechanism remains to be experimentally clarified, the following is a reasonable hypothesis. Patients with myelofibrosis have primary bone marrow hypofunction, but they also have, to varying degrees, high levels of proinflammatory cytokines, which lead to many of the constitutional symptoms from which the patients suffer. Beyond these symptoms caused by the cytokines, there is another type of anemia called the anemia of chronic disease, which can be seen in patients with systemic inflammation.  And if you assume that there's a range in a population of myelofibrosis patients, from those whose anemias are almost exclusively the cause of primary bone marrow hypofunction, then those in the middle ground, whose anemia has some chronic disease component, to those who actually have quite a significant component of their anemia as a result of their chronic disease, one would predict that this last group could have an increase in hemoglobin by virtue of effective shutdown of the proinflammatory cytokine pathways.  And, in fact, when we analyze the data from all doses in our Phase 2 Study 251, fully 45% of our patients who were receiving transfusions became transfusion-independent, with a median time to independence at 70 days and a median duration of independence of 148 days. These data compare quite favorably with any reported by competitors. We can discuss this further during Q&A if anyone wishes to do so, but I'll now turn the call over to Dave Hastings.
Dave Hastings: Thanks Paul, and good morning everyone. I'll start my overview this morning by discussing our cash position, revenue, and operating expenses, and then I'll move to our changes in 2010 financial guidance. We ended the third quarter with $396 million in cash and investments, excluding $47 million remaining in an escrow account reserved for interest payments through October 2012 in the 4.3% convertible senior notes.  So far, our cash use this year has been $111 million. This amount excludes $183 million received from collaborators for milestones and up-front payments, $8 million received from the exercise of stock options, and $159 million used to redeem the remaining 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes. In terms of revenue, we were pleased to announce additional significant milestone from our partners, which will be recorded in the fourth quarter. Under our agreement with Lilly, we earn $19 million for the initiation of a Phase 2B study in RA, and we have earned $49 million in total milestones from Lilly this year. As part of our agreement with Novartis, we earned $50 million in milestones for the initiation of the joint global Phase 3 study in PV. Now, moving to our operating expenses, our R&D SG&A so far this year are $91 million and $22 million respectively. As we have stated in the past, we do expect variability in our spending in these areas due to the nature and timing of clinical programs and the ramping up of the commercial infrastructure needed to support the potential launch of 424 in myelofibrosis.  Now in terms of the 2010 financial guidance, we are making changes in the following four areas. First, we are reducing our gross cash use guidance from the previous range of $160 million to $165 million to a range of $150 million to $155 million. This cash use guidance excludes actual and potential future milestones received from partners and proceeds from stock options.  Second, we are increasing our revenue guidance from our previous range of $99 million to $101 million, to a range of $168 million to $170 million.  Third, we are reducing our R&D expense guidance from a previous range of $135 million to $142 million to a range of $128 million to $135 million.  And finally, we are reducing our SG&A expense guidance from a previous range of $35 million to $40 million to a range of $30 million to $35 million. We are gratified that we have been able to prudently manage our costs and remain in a strong financial position to continue making significant investments in our development pipeline and in the preliminary commercial effort for 424 in its first potential indication of myelofibrosis. And so with that, Paul, I'll turn the call back over to you. 
Paul Friedman:  Operator, we can now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions.] Our first question is coming from Bret Holley with Oppenheimer.
Bret Holley - Oppenheimer: I was just wondering, in PV, how the number of patients refractive versus intolerant of HU breaks down based on the data that you have so far. 
Paul Friedman:  The ratio's about 3:1, with the 3 being resistant patients and the 1 being intolerant patients. That's what we've found in that population, that there are about three times more patients who are resistant than who are intolerant.
Bret Holley: And would you expect a differential level of response to 424 in those different patient populations? 
Paul Friedman:  I don't think so. I'd ask Rich to add to what I just said, but I don't see why we should expect that, and when [inaudible] probably has some kind of bearing on that in the Phase 2 study. Rich, what do you think?
Richard Levy: So the patients who are intolerant, basically just can't take any dose of hydroxyurea, whereas the patients who are resistant, or so-called refractory, they can take higher doses but they still don't work. So in terms of their response to hydroxyurea, if that were a choice it wouldn't work, and if they chose another treatment there's no reason why those other treatments should work any differently in patients who are either intolerant or refractory to hydroxyurea.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Friedman with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. Please state your question.
David Friedman - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney: I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the plans for MF, not to get too far ahead of ourselves, but just when you're thinking about number one, building out a sales force, if you could talk about some of the timing and steps you'd take. And then the second is when you think about the MF market and the target doc, is it the generalist hematologist or a hematologist-oncologist, or something even more focused than that?
Patricia Andrews: Let me give an answer to that. As far as building out our sales force, we would look to do that next year. We have a good sense of how many reps and district managers we'd need. We've said that that number is between 30 and 70. We're still refining exactly how many it would be. We are in the process now of identifying a firm to work with to recruit that many people in an efficient way in a narrow space of time, and we would probably start recruiting at the end of the first quarter for some of the more senior people and to have them all on board by the end of the third quarter, beginning of the fourth quarter.  And as far as target doctors, MF is generally treated in the United States by hematologist-oncologists, and they are more likely to be in the community than they are in academic medical centers. And we would be planning on reaching about 6,500 of them, which should give us more than 80% of the prescribers reached directly through the sales force.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: A couple of financial nits for Dave. First, did I hear you right that you've now retired the entirety of the 3.5% convertible senior notes?
David Hastings : Yes. They're gone.
Eric Schmidt: And you've been recording bigger milestones than I had expected. Can you preview for us a little bit what's to come next from either Novartis or Lilly? I know we're looking forward to 2011, but looking for a little bit of guidance there.
David Hastings : As you know, we can't give you granular detail on that. What I would say is that we've had a very solid year obviously from a milestone perspective, and these things are lumpy in nature, so as you think about timing of initiation of studies and likely milestone events, 2011 wouldn't be as significant as 2010.
Eric Schmidt: And in terms of new study initiations, what's the latest in terms of new indications for 050 with Lilly? 
Paul Friedman:  I think you're going to have to ask them about that. You're talking about things beyond RA? 
Eric Schmidt: That's right. 
Paul Friedman:  Obviously we've had what I would regard as productive talks with them. It's their call what they're going to do next, but I think there are some obvious ones. If I were doing it I would want to study the spondyloarthropathies like ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis, because that population in toto reaches about a third in prevalence of what the RA population is and the anti-TNFs have worked there and I think it would be a high probability that you would test positive results. So I would go there. I suspect that we will get there, but at the end of the day it's going to be Lilly's call as to what we do next.
Eric Schmidt: Last question. On the response study can you estimate when you think you'll enroll that study and what percent of patients are going to be ex-U.S.? 
Paul Friedman:  I'll answer, and if I don't answer completely right, then Rich should step in. We've allowed ourselves a year to recruit 300 patients. I'm hoping we'll be able to do it more quickly than that. We're up and running in the United States. As I said in the prepared remarks, Novartis will start recruiting ex-U.S. early in 2011 and it is our plan to have about half the patients come from the U.S. and about half the patients come ex-U.S. Is that correct Rich?
Richard Levy: Yes, exactly right.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just Dave, I know you're not here to give 2011 guidance, but when we think about cash use going into 2011 obviously we've got the PV study which is somewhat replacing the MF Phase 3, but can you give us a sense of how we should be thinking about that higher commercial expenses as well, but from an R&D perspective is that number going to be meaningfully higher than 2010?
David Hastings : I think we'll be responsible of course and judicious, but we do want to continue allocating capital to what we view as high value programs and we'll continue to do that, and as you mentioned, Rachel, our investments in sales and marketing will increase. What's important to note, though, is that our guidance in terms of having enough capital to get 424 launched is still in place, and we're well-positioned given the amount of milestones we recorded this year.
Rachel McMinn: And then on the topical psoriasis product, there was really no mention this time. How should we be thinking about that product? Can you describe where you are in negotiations or if that's something that you're willing to take into Phase 3 yourself? 
Paul Friedman:  I'll start, and then Pat Andrews, who has responsibility for business development, may want to add more. When we look at how the company is maturing and to where we seem to be evolving, that program sits there all by its lonesome as in a therapeutic area where we would if we took it through ourselves we would only have a single product. We believe that the data we have so far would indicate that with a properly run Phase 3 study the drug is registerable and would be a successful dermatology product, but as a single entity that would require a sales force different than the sales force that we're building up for oncology, myeloproliferative neoplasms to start. It has slipped a little in our priority list, and so we would like to find a partner. Sure, we could do the Phase 3, but we believe at this point our money would be better well-spent on some of the other programs and I'll let Pat comment on the status of this development.
Patricia Andrews: So, we [intend to] continue to discuss with some companies partnering opportunities. Because the Phase 2 results were positive and there's been little truly new for patients with mild to moderate psoriasis in a long time, 424 is an appealing product. It's once a day, it has rapid onset, a good efficacy and safety profile. It might be combinable with other therapies. So we have had interest. That being said, the opportunity is a little on the small side for some large companies and the development costs are a little on the expensive side for some specialty derm companies. So we're continuing to discuss to see if we can find a partner now or maybe later who we could trust with this asset.
Rachel McMinn: And then another completely unrelated question and I'll hop off. Just curious on the Phase 3 and the COMFORT-1 and COMFORT-2. The end point is a little bit different than Phase 3 and I'm just wondering if you have patients that are responding but don't meet the threshold by MRI that you've predefined, are we going to see that data? Is that data being collected? And how will you be able to present that? Is there a significant secondary endpoint? 
Paul Friedman:  We are very interested in that data, and we obviously have - and I'll also let Pat add from a marketing standpoint what we've learned. Virtually all the patients get significant - I'd say 85% or more get 25% or more decrease in volume by MRI, and virtually all patients get significant symptomatic improvement. Obviously for regulatory approval you have to pick a number and that's a number you have to achieve, and the reason we ended up at 35% is that we generated the data that showed that that 35% corresponded to a 50% decrease in length by palpation, which was the parameter that was considered significant improvement by the international working group. And so when we look at the data that we had in that Phase 2 study, the median's about 33%. And so we powered the study so that we would easily meet the regulatory end point. But more important, I think to you and to us, is what kind of results do you have to get in a patient population to have physicians who want to prescribe the drug. I'll let Pat expand a little bit on the marketing research that we have that is quite reassuring based on what we've gotten in Phase 2 and what we expect to see in the pivotal trials.
Patricia Andrews: So we've done a fair amount of quantitative and qualitative market research at this point to understand what matters to practicing physicians, particularly hem-oncs treating MF patients. We've tested various product attributes, including the level of spleen reduction and varied those attributes at the high end and the low end of what we might see coming out of our Phase 3 to understand the importance of that attribute as a prescribing decision. And in general the level of spleen reduction can be much less than 35% by imaging, even down to 10% for some physicians, and still be seen as appropriate therapy for their MF patients. This assumes, of course, that the other benefits that we've seen with 424 such as improvement in constitutional symptoms and an acceptable safety profile remain consistent with the Phase 2 data. In short, you can have a clinically meaningful benefit with less than a 35% reduction in spleen volume that's in the Phase 3.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies & Co. Please state your question.
Tommy - Jefferies & Co: This is actually Tommy for Thomas. Most of my financial questions have been answered. I just have one follow up 424 question. To follow up on your comments just now on market research, spleen reduction, and also earlier with the hemoglobin [inaudible] by JAK inhibition, can you sort of just put it in context for us how you see the overall competitiveness of 424 in light of the new data on JAK inhibitor competitors. I'm speaking of the Cytopia YM and Targetin's [inaudible] compound being presented at ASH.  
Paul Friedman:  First of all, the Targegen compound, the S*BIO compound, don't really very effectively take out JAK1. We've discussed this at some length, that to shut down the proinflammatory cytokine pathways you can do that much more effectively if you have JAK1 as well as JAK2 inhibitory activity. You can demonstrate that in cell culture, in animal models,  Basically by taking out less of both JAK1 and JAK2 you can shut down the pathway if you have that kind of a profile. If you just are a JAK2 inhibitor you have to go higher in your JAK2 inhibition to shut down the cytokine pathways as effectively. And when you do that you cross over to greater inhibition of bone marrow function. And I think if you look closely at the Targegen data, in its complete form there was fairly high incidence of anemia.  The other thing is when you go higher and you are giving hundreds of milligrams a day, which you do with all three of those compounds, you then get into ranges where the milligram burden to the organs of the individual is such that you begin to see non-mechanism based toxicities. And if you happen to also cross over and hit other kinases like FLIP 3, you also can have toxicities. S*BIO and Targegen have both FLIP 3 inhibitors and they have significant G.I. toxicity.  The Cytopia compound is a JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor. It's about three years behind us. As I tried to convey to you in my notes, without calling them out, but you have now done that, we have exactly the same results in terms of having people become transfusion independent analyzing data the way they've analyzed it.  I've become more and more certain over time that there is a subset of these patients who have a significant component of their anemia from the chronic disease aspect, and those are the people who if you titrate your JAK1/JAK2 inhibition properly you can get a bump in their hemoglobin. I suspect that the people who get hemoglobin bumps with the [image], even that mechanism's not well understood, probably the same subset of patients. There's probably a lot of crossover in that subset. Obviously, there's a tipping point. If you go too high and you take out too much JAK2 you'll overwhelm the benefits that you get from blocking the cytokine pathways. And in that regard, just looking at the Cytopia compound, it's about ten times less potent on JAK2 than we are. It's about 40 times less potent on JAK1. So it is a JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, but its ratio has a disadvantage compared to our ratio in terms of avoiding that crossover into having too much JAK inhibition. And they haven't studied very many patients. They haven't studied them for very long. I think if you look at the abstract you see that there are toxicities that we don't have. And so when you put it all together, we're ahead and we have the best compound.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Avik Roy with Monness, Crespi, Hardt. Please state your question.
Avik Roy - Monness, Crespi, Hardt: Well first, I don't know if Ruxolitinib is more pronounceable than INCB18424, but congratulations on getting an actual name for the drug. My question is what are your thoughts about non-hematologic toxicity, whether with your drug or some of the others. Just based on your experience, your experience in clinical trials and your discussion with opinion leaders, which of the non-hematologic toxicities do you think are most important in terms of adherence and discontinuation? 
Paul Friedman:  You mean that we have?
Avik Roy: That have been seen generally. 
Paul Friedman:  If you're talking about 18424, and Rich can embellish this answer if I don't say things completely enough, with 18424 even in the myelofibrosis group when you go beyond the hematologic issues I guess the only thing that I would watch for are still its mechanism based toxicities because frankly we have not seen any significant non-mechanism based toxicities. Our ability to specifically take out these kinases and not other known kinases with our agents is pretty [exquisite]. We have very selective compounds in that regard.  But in taking out the JAK1 and JAK2, you do modulate the immune system. That's why we're seeing the good efficacy in our patients, and if you modulate the immune system you have to watch for infections. While I think we've been fortunate by virtue of the fact that you don't take this mechanism out 100% and there's off time during the day, we've been fortunate in seeing only mild and minor types of infections. But that would be the other thing that I think you would look for. If you're talking about other people's compounds, I think the FLIP inhibition is problematic, because folks are having a significant amount of G.I. toxicity and then there are non-mechanism based, or at least they appear to be non-mechanism based, toxicities that have to do with lipasemia, amylasemia, some liver signals, with the other compounds. Now those other compounds are being dosed at hundreds of milligrams a day, so it's not too surprising that you would see some of that with the competitors' compounds.
Patricia Andrews: Actually Avik, before you go, just wanted to comment on the Ruxolitinib, which is the pending INN for 424. We're really far along in the process, but they actually have to publish it before it's officially ours, so we've been sticking with 424 as the name everyone knows and loves before trying to transition to the pending generic name. Hopefully we'll know early next year, and if that's it we'll use it more formally. And if that's not it, they'll probably just give us one. So stay tuned for another couple of months before it's final.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Josh Schimmer with Leerink Swann. Please state your question.
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Paul, I was interested in your comments about 424's ability to eliminate transfusion requirements in patients. I guess a couple of quick questions. First, wondering why this hasn't been something highlighted previously, since it does seem to be a fairly important data point to have. And second, are you able to determine yet, a priori, which patients will have hemoglobin increases versus hemoglobin decreases? And if so, what are the predictive features? And if not, what predictive features are you exploring for this?
Paul Friedman : The answer to the latter part is not yet, and I think it is an important parameter. I think one of the things that has to be determined is how long the effects last, how much the hemoglobins go up, and Rich, do you want to comment any further on that?
Richard Levy: I would say that there are patients who get better in terms of their hemoglobin and transfusion independence, and there are also people, as Paul talked about, whose bone marrow hypofunction is the main reason for their anemia, who don't get better, or might get even slightly worse. And that's going to be true for all of the JAK inhibitors.  And so we haven't made a big point of it because we think that the main benefits of the drug are improving the symptoms of the disease, shrinking the spleen to a clinically significant degree, and perhaps some other long-term disease modifying effects that will take longer to demonstrate. I think the reason we talked about it now is that there's been such a point made both by the abstract as well as by some of the notes that have been coming out trying to point out how apparently based on the way that the data was presented that Cytopia's JAK inhibitor might have an advantage over ours in terms of anemia, and we just wanted to correct that by showing that if we analyze our data in similar ways you get similar results.  We don't know, by the way, how to predict which patients will do better or worse without actually giving them the drug.
Joshua Schimmer: So is the hypothesis that it's based on the anti-inflammatory activity? Is that something you plan on exploring, the correlation between baseline inflammatory activity and some of the inflammatory markers and symptomatology in hemoglobin change?
Richard Levy: What you're saying makes theoretical sense, but from a practical matter it's extraordinarily difficult to do. You're not going to find that there is a specific level of certain cytokines that you can measure in the blood that would be predictive. They're all high in everybody, and some are astronomically high, and some are medium high, but it doesn't really tell you that those patients are more likely the ones to respond to therapy. I'd be skeptical about ever really figuring it out without giving the drug and seeing.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: I just wanted to maybe ask a couple questions about the sheddase program. I know results are going to come maybe early in 2011. Can you just give us a little more clarity on exactly what the trial design looks like and what would get you excited about pursuing the program to the next step. So what we should be looking for in the data.
Paul Friedman : When we started the study, adding the sheddase inhibitor to Herceptin and then to Herceptin plus chemotherapy - and what we were finding was that people who were both HER2-positive and P95-positive were doing pretty well, better than what is described in the literature. The issue is that there's one paper describing this in the literature, although it's accepted that these P95-positive patients, and it's logical, that they would not do as well in general because you've got a very active growth pathway constitutively turned on that cannot be neutralized by Herceptin.  And so all we're doing now is we've been able, by contracting with four academic centers throughout the world that have large sets of histopathological samples and histories on patients who had metastatic breast cancer, and we are taking those samples and staining for P95 and also correlating those results with their clinical course. To simply confirm what the [inaudible] paper and our own data say is true, and also to give us a feeling for how much P95 positivity you have to have to not do as well as if you had lower levels of P95, so that we could figure out the ultimate patient population for Phase 3.  Now, there is a chance, we think it's not a big chance, but there is a chance that when we complete this analysis that it will not support the hypothesis that our data and the [inaudible] paper have created. We're cautiously optimistic that that's not going to be the case, but we want to complete these analyses and do a careful statistical analysis on the data that we have before we get ahead of ourselves. And so we are on track to have those data by the end of this year, and if, as we are expecting, the data support the hypothesis, it becomes a very interesting Phase 3 program. We'll tell you where we stand just as soon as we've completed the analyses and we will then go and talk to the FDA about a Phase 3 program.
Liisa Bayko:  And then maybe just a quick question for David. Can you just remind us of the accounting treatment for these subpayments you've received?
David Hastings: They'll be recorded as revenue in the fourth quarter. Milestones are treated as revenue as soon as they're announced.
Liisa Bayko:  And they're the full amount?
David Hastings: Yes.
Operator: Our last question is coming from the line of Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. Please state your question.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Just a quick question for Pat. Based on your conversations with payers to this point, are you willing to make any comment on level of confidence on price versus the [$]40,000 to [$]60,000 thousand range that the company has kind of talked to in the past and maybe where within that range you might think you would be landing at this point?
Patricia Andrews: We have had some more conversations with payers, but truthfully not at a significant level because the oncology market in the U.S. does not have a lot of price constraints on it. Sometimes there's utilization constraints, like you have to have a prior authorization, but there's not really price constraint. So we remain very comfortable within the [$]40,000 to [$]60,000 level that we have previously spoken about.
Tom Russo: And then just last question, what is the current expected timing for publication of the Phase 2 data in PV? And then maybe again for Pat, anything interesting from the market research about the demand for 424 there, even before the label indication?
Patricia Andrews: Rich, what was the publication date -
Richard Levy: The publication of the Phase 2 in PV would probably be some time next year, depending upon whether it gets accepted at the first journal it gets submitted to, or where we decide to then have to go somewhere else, could really make a difference of months at a time, so it wouldn't be any more granular in the next year.
Patricia Andrews: And then on the question of whether there might be early usage of 424 in PV, as everyone knows, physicians are allowed to write a product for an indication that has not yet been approved. Of course, the manufacturer does nothing to promote that in any way. So it comes down to thinking about what the physician will know about 424 in PV. Generally they would know that through some publications, or possibly at conferences or other things where they might learn about it. Then they have to think about whether they would believe that the benefit is worth the additional risk associated with a product that hasn't yet been approved, and that indication. And then they'd probably factor in whether or not the product would be reimbursed for that indication, which we depend on what the patient's insurance coverage is, or their willingness to pay out of pocket. So those are some of the factors that would influence whether or not there would be a usage of 424 in PV prior to our receiving the indication in that.
Operator: Our last question is coming from the line of Mark Monane with Needham & Company. Please state your question.
Mark Monane - Needham & Company: My question is this. Where do you see the place in therapy for 424 in patients with PV and do you have any comments on possibly the market size of that specific population?
Patricia Andrews: We would be studying it in patients who are HU resistant or intolerant. And as discussed, that is a 3:1 ratio, and it's about, say, between 20% and 30% of the total PV population of 95,000. And since they really don't have many other alternatives, I would think usage in those segments could be fairly robust once the drug is approved in those indications.
Operator: Seeing as we have no further questions, I'll now turn the floor back over to Dr. Friedman for any closing remarks.
Paul Friedman : Before I make closing remarks, I just want to clarify two points. One is, most of the analyses that I've looked at on the percentage of people in the PV population who are either HU intolerant or resistant is near the top end of the range that Pat just enumerated. So more like 30%. Secondly, we thank you for joining us this morning. There were a lot of good questions, and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. And with that, we'll end the call. Thank you again, and good morning.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Dr. Paul Friedman  President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Andrews  Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer  David Hastings  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  Richard Levy  Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer Pamela Murphy  Vice President, Investor Relations/Corporate Communications
Analysts:  Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ryan Tochihara  Oppenheimer & Co. Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann  
Operator:  Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporations Q2 2010 financial results. (Operator instructions.) As a reminder this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you, Ms. Murphy  you may begin.
Pamela Murphy:  Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Development Officer and Medical Officer; and Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer. To begin, Paul will review recent developments at Incyte and Dave will follow with a discussion of our Q2 financial results. Well then open up the call for Q&A.  Before beginning wed like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today, including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development programs including the timing of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions, and the potential safety and efficacy of our compounds, as well as the expected financial results and guidance are forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our Form 10Q for the quarter ended March 31st, 2010, and from time to time in our SEC documents.  Paul?
Paul Friedman:  Okay. Thanks, Pam. Good morning to everyone. Our most advanced clinical programs are moving forward as planned. Our news flow for later this year is strong and were making good progress with our earlier-stage programs.  We announced today our decision to exercise the option to co-develop Incyte 28050 with Lily for rheumatoid arthritis. Based on the phase II results weve seen so far we believe that 28050 represents a major commercial opportunity, and this decision dramatically expands our potential financial upside. And you will remember when we explained our rationale for picking Lily  one of the major drivers was this opportunity. And so with the results that weve seen we feel completely comfortable in making this opt-in decision.  As a result of this decision we plan to fund 30% of future development costs up to regulatory approval for 050 in RA and our tiered royalty rate range would increase from up to 20% up to the high 20s.  During our first call in May I described positive 12 week ACR scores for 050 in what was then an ongoing six month phase II dose ranging trial. All the patients have now completed the entire trial. Obviously weve seen the data and we look forward to sharing these results with you in November at the American College of Rheumatology meetings.  Just to remind you, this phase II trial included RA patients who were considered to be inadequately controlled by any disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug therapy including patients previously treated with biologics, and we had a significant percentage of such patients. And the positive results weve seen with 050 thus far, including again, those patients treated with biologics, suggests that the compound has the potential to be of value for a broad range of RA patients.  The results also suggest that 050 may well provide advantages over existing DMARDs as well as other oral compounds and biologics currently in development, including but not limited to better tolerability and to once a day oral dosing. The protocol for the upcoming phase II-B trial is just about final and the study is on track to begin this fall. Now switching to Incyte 18424, our most advanced JAK1 JAK2 inhibitor for oncology, both phase III trials in myelofibrosis patients have been fully enrolled for some time and the trials are progressing as planned. Release of the top line results for the US trial COMFORT I is still expected in December with full results for both COMFORT I and the European trial COMFORT II, for which Novartis now has responsibility  results for both those trials are likely to be formally presented at ASCO. Our plans to file the NDA for 424 in the first half of 2011 remain unchanged and key initiatives, such as manufacturing, packaging, labeling and distribution are already underway to support this timeline. Were continuing to prepare for the potential commercialization of 424. Weve completed a significant amount of research into the treatment practices for myelofibrosis and we have a good understanding of the educational needs around the disease and its pathogenesis. We recently created appropriate educational materials including a website, www.mpnconnect.org (mpn for myeloproliferative neoplasms) for physicians and print materials appearing in a number of hematology/oncology medical journals such as Blood and the JCO, the Journal of Clinical Oncology. These efforts are currently directed to physicians, and we intend to reach out more broadly within the MF community with additional educational initiatives and materials over the next year. Now, with respect to other indications for 424 we believe our discussions with the FDA regarding the requirements for approval in advanced polycythemia vera patients are progressing quite well and we know of no reason why we shouldnt be ready to begin the phase III program in the Q4. The Childrens Oncology Group has finalized their protocol for dose ranging phase I-II trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of 424 in children with relapsed or refractory solid tumors, leukemia, or myeloproliferative neoplasms. Trial is now posted on www.clintrials.com and enrollment should begin shortly.  Moving to topical 424, were continuing partnering discussions with a number of companies that believe JAK inhibition could represent an effective new approach to the treatment of mild to moderate psoriasis. And as we said before, while this is an area that we could develop on our own because this would be our only dermatology product, and because we have a lot going on in the oncology space and in other areas of inflammation, were evaluating when and with whom it makes the most sense to partner.  Another of our oncology programs is Incyte 7839, the sheddase inhibitor being studied in breast cancer. Data from the ongoing phase II trial continue to demonstrate that the combination of 7839 and Herceptin based regimens with or without docetaxel may be of value in P95 HER2+ subsets, the subset of breast cancer patients. Prior to finalizing our plans for phase III for this program were also generating additional data in parallel to better define the expected rate of progression of P95+ patients treated with Herceptin based regimens. Weve agreements in place to obtain an extensive supply of tumor tissue samples from patients in whom response rates, progression-free survival and overall survival are already known. This will allow us to more accurately quantify patient outcomes using different Herceptin containing regimens with P95 status, and to adequately power the phase III registration trial. And this work is expected to be completed in the Q4 this year. Once these steps are completed well be ready to discuss the program with FDA probably quite early in 2011. Our oral cMET inhibitor, Incyte 28060, now licensed to Novartis, has been a dose ranging phase I-II trial that we continue to conduct in patients with solid tumors since January. Weve evaluated several doses and thus far the compound has been well tolerated.  Lastly, for our oral indoleamine dioxgenase, or IDO inhibitor, Incyte 24360, we recently initiated a phase I-II trial in patients with solid tumors. Screening began in July and the first cohort of patients is expected to start receiving 24360 this month. IDO I, theres also an IDO II which we believe is much less relevant for anti-tumor activity, mediates the metabolism of the essential amino acid tryptophan, converting it to kynurenine within immune cells and in a broad spectrum of tumor cells. This metabolism of tryptophan results in the depletion of this essential amino acid and the creation of ulsotoxic metabolise (sp), all of which lead to the inhibition of anti-tumor cell mediated immune responses. In a number of tumor types IDO I expression has been clearly associated with poor clinical outcomes and decreased overall survival. Pre-clinically its been shown that IDO inhibition dramatically increases the efficacy of various chemotherapeutic agents, such as platinum compounds, hexing derivatives and cyclophosphamide in controlling tumor growth.  Together, these results suggest that the IDO pathway is a key regulatory element responsible for induction and maintenance of tumor immune tolerance. Our lead compound indeed has been shown to be effective in multiple mouse models of cancer, and the reduced tumor growth appears to be dependent on a functional immune system. Thats an important point and its consistent with the proposed mechanism of action. Now Im going to describe this program in significantly greater depth during one of our formal cell-side presentations in September. In the interim weve been encouraged by the positive data thats been seen with the Bristol Myers Squibbs monoclonal antibody ipilimumab in advanced melanoma patients, which underscores the value of harnessing the patients immune system for treating cancer. And with that Ill turn the call over to Dave to run through the financials.
David Hastings:  Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everybody. Ill start my overview this morning by discussing our cash position and guidance. We ended the Q2 with $422 million in cash and investments, excluding $47 million remaining in an escrow account reserved for interest payments through October, 2012, on the 4.75% convertible senior notes. So far our cash use this year has been $76 million. This amount excludes $183 million received by collaborators for milestones in upfront payments, and $159 million used to redeem the remaining 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes. Given our cash use to date we are adjusting our gross cash use guidance for the year from the previous range of $165 million to $175 million, to a range of $160 million to $165 million. As always this cash use guidance excludes actual or potential future milestones received from partners. In terms of milestones, we recorded $33 million from our Lily and Pfizer collaborations in the Q2. Our milestones are recorded as revenue in full in the quarter in which they are earned, and therefore they had a significantly favorable impact on our Q2 results.  In terms of our operating expenses, our year-to-date R&D and SG&A expenses were $60 million and $13 million respectively. As we stated in the past we expect variability in our spending in these areas and were changing our 2010 guidance to reflect the expense amounts to date. For R&D expense we now expect that to range from $135 million to $142 million, which is a reduction from the previous range of $138 million to $145 million. For SG&A we now expect that to range from $35 million to $40 million, a reduction from the previous range of $40 million to $45 million. Importantly, despite these expense guidance reductions we remain on track in our key clinical development programs and with our commercial preparation for the launch of 424 in myelofibrosis.  In terms of our election of the co-development option for RA, we were pleased to see that the development budget we agreed to before deciding to opt in was largely consistent with the amount discussed when we entered into this collaboration. As we noted when we announced our partnership with Lily, we expect the funds received from this collaboration will be sufficient to offset the development costs we will incur as a result of opting in for the RA indication.  As a reminder we have also retained certain mechanisms to give us cost protection as 050 advances in clinical development. For instance, we can defer our portion of co-developments study cost by indication if they exceed a predetermined level. This deferment would be credited against future milestones or royalties and Incyte would still be eligible for the full incremental royalties related to the co-development option. In addition, even if we have started co-development funding for any indication we can, at any time, opt out for that indication and stop future co-development costs share. If we elect to do this we would still be eligible for our base royalties plus an incremental prorated royalty commensurate with our contribution level of co-development costs for these indications for which we co-funded. Finally, its important to note that we ended the Q2 in a strong financial position, and based on our current plans we have enough cash to carry us through the potential launch of 424 in myelofibrosis and beyond. And so with that Ill turn the call back to Paul.
Paul Friedman:  Okay, thanks, Dave. With that I think Operator, if you could please open the call for questions I think that would be the next obvious thing to do here. 
Operator:  Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions.) Our first question today comes from the line of Tom Russo with Robert W Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Good morning and congratulations on the progress this quarter. First question, just looking ahead to ACR in November, can you help set expectations for weeks 12 through 24, whether we should expect efficacy for 050 increased, decreased, was maintained? And then whether there was anything kind of new or changed in the safety tolerability profile?
Paul Friedman:  Well, so Ill give you some top line stuff. I dont want to get too granular because I think we definitely want to make that presentation at ACR. We think its going to be pretty well received. As we see across the board improvements in the scores when you go from 12 to 24 weeks  actually fairly impressive changes which mimic what was seen with Pfizer compound. We may actually be seeing a little bit more but these are, in the comparable studies, neither study is so large that you could say that its any different. It just may be that thats the time course here for these smoldering joints to quiet down. But that definitely happens  it gets better. From a safety standpoint I would say theres nothing, Rich may want to add to this, but theres nothing of note beyond what we saw at 12 weeks.
Richard Levy: Yeah, I have nothing to add to that. Thats correct.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just one more and then Ill hop out. Just switching over to 424 MTV, the regulatory discussions, can you? You mentioned progress with FDA  are you willing to comment on whether theres any change in your expectations for what design of the phase III trial might look like? And then also maybe whether there have been discussions yet over in Europe or is it still, you know, awaiting sort of agreement from FDA? And lastly are you still looking for an SPA there? Thanks.
Paul Friedman:  Ideally we would like to do this under an SPA as long as the timing and the requirements make sense. Weve had, I would say extremely cordial and very positive interactions with the same division that we worked with on myelofibrosis and tried to get to a final protocol that we all can agree on. And we are, I would say quite optimistic that we are going to get there in the near future. But it is the FDA and until its done it isnt. And so thats about as, I think thats a pretty positive statement. Rich, you I was not at the meeting. Do you want to add anything to that?
Richard Levy:  Yeah. Basically there would have to be a sudden change for things not to go well. Theyre going really well there. And with respect to the other part of the question about Europe, I mean Novartis is going to be part of this study, its a global study and theyve satisfied their needs from a European perspective so that there is no need to wait longer to get European regulatory buy-in to this study.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yeah, thanks very much. Rich, just to clarify your last statement, Im a little bit confused: Theres no need to get EU regulatory buy-in. Can you just explain that one more time?
Richard Levy: No, Im saying that everything is done in Europe with respect to the level of regulatory buy-in that Novartis needs.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Richard Levy:  I cant go into detail as to what they chose to do, per se  thats not really our purview to talk about.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And I think before you had talked about potentially doing a single study for PV that would satisfy both EMEA and FDA requirements. Is that still reasonable or should we think about this as being two separate studies?
Paul Friedman:  We are at this point planning on a single study, single global study for what would end up being an SNDA NDA submission. I mean that could change at the last minute, but again, unless there are some fairly radical alterations in feedback or from our partner that is the plan, to do the single global study.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thats very helpful. And then for 050, do you have a sense of the breadth of the phase II-B studies that youre going to be conducting? I guess in terms of the different potential populations you could go into within RA. And then can you also talk about perhaps the cost of the phase II program all-in? I think you had mentioned that theyre similar to your expectations; Im not sure if youve mentioned specifically what that is.
Paul Friedman:  Well, so I think this would be Lilys purview to get specific on the studies. I mean we did the II-A study but we are almost certainly not going to be the prime conductors of the II-B studies. And the way the contract is written I think they have to give you that information. There is more than one or theres only going to be one We dont know. Just one? At least one.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And then on costs?
David Hastings:  Yeah, again similar  we cant discuss costs but what I would say is again the budget we reviewed recently was largely in line with what we saw during the negotiation and theres nothing unusual in the study design that would make it either more expensive or less expensive than any of your traditional phase II-B studies.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tochihara  Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi guys, thanks. This is Ryan in for Brian. Just a quick question on 424. I guess given your progress with your ongoing discussions with PV and with the agency, what can you take from these discussions and how is that translating to kind of your thoughts in the future for the indication in ET? Thanks.
Paul Friedman:  Yeah. So we have also had discussions, we had the opportunity when we last interacted face-to-face with the FDA, which is fairly recent, to also get into ET as a possible indication. And we were pleasantly surprised at the receptivity that we encountered in those discussions. We do want to put the PV study to bed before we you know, begin to grapple with ET and have further discussions with the division. But we were quite encouraged, would that be a fair term, Rich? Quiet encouraged? 
Richard Levy:  That would be a fair term.
Paul Friedman:  Based on the initial set of discussions that we had with them for ET.
Ryan Tochihara  Oppenheimer & Co.: Great, thank you so much. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Hi there. I think most of my questions have been answered, but just wanted to get your take on the, I guess the increased level of activity that Pfizers going to take with the Ligand and JAK3 program and what you think that signals if anything at all about you know, Pfizers commitment to the space.
Paul Friedman:  Could you be more specific about what phase?
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: I mean do you think that thats possibly signaling any concern they have over their own program, that the Ligand compound perhaps has some benefits or they may be trying to you know, tie up the space a little more? Do you have any thoughts just based on your perspective of Ligands program?
Paul Friedman:  We dont know much about Ligands program.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay.
Paul Friedman:  The data that weve seen on Pfizers compound continues to, we think, look quite good. I mean they have, they have the specter of JAK3 which we think is not an attribute that they have to deal with, and whether or not thats raised its potentially ugly head in any way I dont know. Certainly nothing thats been presented would say that at this point, with this relatively modest number of patients who have been treated for relatively modest lengths of time, there has not been like, you know, any evidence that youre seeing a lot of opportunistic infections, for example. They do have a liver signal, it seems sporadic. We havent seen it at all and it makes, it is conceivable that that bothers them and they want a structurally different compound as a backup. They also have a long history of wanting different entities, different molecules for different sets of indications. And that could well be what compelled them to take an interest in the Ligand program but we really dont know. 
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, fantastic. Thats pretty much the end of my questions and well look forward to more insights on the IDO program in the near future.
Paul Friedman:  Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Good morning, Paul, a couple of questions and clarifications on your statements. First on the 4242 COMFORT I data you mentioned youre on track to present, or sorry, to have the results in Q4 and I think most likely present the results at ASCO. Do you now definitively know that you wont be able to get those into ACR?
Paul Friedman:  Yeah, I think its a real stretch to do that based on last patient out and the time its going to take to log the database. Do you want to comment on that, Rich?
Richard Levy:  So first we wont have the data for sure till after even the late breaker abstracts are due. So then you know, you take the option of putting a placeholder late breaker abstract, which is no guarantee that you would get, and then that still could see you into a position of if anything potentially were to require more time to go through quality assurance or whatever then you may not make it. So were now pretty much decided that were taking the approach that when the data comes out we will issue a press release, let everybody know the top line results and do a formal scientific presentation at ASCO.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: And do you think that, thats obviously an important press release for the company. Do you think youll be able to provide us with sufficient detail in that release and what kind of end points might we be looking at in the press release prior to ASCO?*
Paul Friedman:  Well I think were also considering a call, right, to allow you and us to get slightly more granular than what would be in the press release, but not obviously so granular that we would not be able to present at ASCO. 
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Okay.
Paul Friedman:  Well make the press release as meaty as we think we can and then if we you know, if were live we can continue the discussion and well try to be as candid as we can.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: And then on topical 424 do I interpret your comments to mean youre now definitively seeking a partner and wont go at this market alone?
Paul Friedman:  Well, we didnt quite say that. We have a plethora of assets which is good, but you know, we decided that for example, that we couldnt do, that metabolism didnt make a lot of sense for us to do and so we just have, we havent done any more studies with HSD1 or with HN74A, also by the way I think a pretty interesting program. But with topical, just yesterday I mean we have parallel tracks that were developing. One of them is to talk to partners and see if we can get back the value for the program at this point in its evolution that we feel would justify licensing it. And our preference if we could get that would be to license it because its really an outlier within the other things that we have ongoing. But we also had actually a pretty extensive discussion yesterday about what the next studies would be that we would do, and there are a few different avenues that you could go down. So thats still an open possibility, and we just have to see where the negotiations lead us and where our internal discussions on the studies end up.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company:  Okay, and the last question, maybe more for Dave: Now that youve opted into 050 and you stated that many of the milestones will offset your cost commitments there, can you help us understand when youre entitled to a next milestone? Would that be at the start of phase II-B and any further milestones, and any kind of magnitude guidance you can provide around those milestones?
David Hastings:  Yeah, we cant give guidance in terms of the amounts but I would say though, a couple things: one, we were really pleased with the amounts of the milestones available under the contract and theyre very traditional, Eric, in terms of when you would get those. And you know, theyre usually at initiation of studies.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot.
David Hastings:  Yep. 
Operator.:  Thank you. (Operator instructions.) Our next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Leerink Swann. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann:  Thanks for taking the question. On 050 when should we expect phase II trials for additional indications to begin and how do you think about exploring the various indications that you may pursue? Do you try to stick within the arthritities bucket, do you extend beyond the bucket? How should we think about the way that those programs may stagger? Thanks.
Paul Friedman:  Yeah, so thats a complicated question, and you know, obviously I cant definitively answer it. Weve had again many internal discussions and many discussions with Lily about what the other indications in inflammation are that make sense, and when you would pursue them. And for example, I would just, Ill just throw out some examples  things like juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, its pretty obvious; its an extension, actually it would be almost the pediatric part of an RA program. If you were looking at other indications where theres proof of concept and where the prevalence, patient prevalence is interesting you would certainly be partial to ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis indications that are lumped in into the seronegative spondyloarthropathy category.  There are some other in there like reactive arthritis but those prevalences are significantly lower. But psoriatic arthritis indications and ankylosing spondylitis together, the prevalence is something like 35% of the prevalence of rheumatoid arthritis. And the biologics work there. And there is every reason to believe, in fact I would be incredibly surprised if this mechanism will not work there. So you could for example be doing pivotal trials almost in parallel with your phase IIIs for RA, maybe staggered slightly. So thats kind of low-hanging fruit and I think to me, pretty obvious. Now, can I guarantee at the end of the day since its Lilys ultimate decision where they go with this, that well go there? No, but to me its pretty logical. And its beyond that that it gets a little more esoteric and you have to think a little harder about where to go from there. And I think I dont have anything else to say on that but Rich, you might.
Richard Levy:  Only that you also asked when we might start and the current plan is that phase IIs in other indications would start sometime next year, not this year.
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions at this time so Id like to turn the floor back to management for any closing comments.
Paul Friedman:  Okay. Thanks for your attention and the questions. We think that were in a very good place right now and we just need to also have the luck that you always need when youre doing this drug discovery and development. But I think it was the Green Bay Packer coach, what did he say? The harder you work, the luckier you get, right, Vince Lombardi.  So thats what were doing and we look forward to being able to present what I think is going to be a very exciting presentation at the Rheumatology meetings on the full six-month study in RA. Im anticipating that the results from COMFORT I and COMFORT II are going to be positive, the safety profile is not going to be any different than what we described to you with 251  the 251 patients have been on drug a long time; and that well be filing, get an exit study review and towards the end of next year we will be selling for our first indication with a drug that I think pretty profoundly affects a very sick population. So were very excited and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. Thanks again for listening to us today.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays teleconference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy  VP, IR/Corporate Communications Paul Friedman  President and CEO Dave Hastings  EVP and CFO Rich Levy  EVP, Chief Drug Development & Medical Officer
Analysts: Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co. Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities Ziad Bakri  Cowen Group, Inc. Alex To [ph]  Cross Research
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation fourth quarter and year end 2009 financial results. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you, Ms. Murphy. You may now begin.
Pamela Murphy: Thanks, good morning. On the call today, are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Levy, Executive Vice President, Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer; and Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. To begin, Paul will provide a brief overview of our lead programs and Dave will follow with a discussion of fourth quarter and year end financial results and 2010 financial guidance. We will then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning we would like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development program, including the timing of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and the potential safety and efficacy of our compound as well as our expected financial results and guidance are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ material including those described in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30th 2009 and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul Friedman: Good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter was exceptionally productive for us. By year-end wed achieved all of our 2009 corporate goals, including the initiation of a global Phase III registration program for Incyte 18424 for Myelofibrosis with a U.S. study being conducted under an SPA. The completion of a successful corporate financing and the establishment of two major alliances with top-tier pharmaceutical firms for our lead JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor programs as well as our c-MET program. Dave Hastings will describe our financial position in detail. Because we were successful in raising over $500 million in new senior convertible notes and equity and in securing $300 million in upfront payments and milestones from our recent collaborations, we are in a very strong position from a cash perspective. The alliances with Novartis and Lilly also achieved what we wanted in terms of product rights. In the collaboration with Novartis, we kept the U.S. rights to oral Incyte 18424 for all hematology-oncology indications, while Novartis has the ex-U.S. rights. Now given the prior success Novartis has achieved in bringing multiple novel oncology products to market, we believe that 424 fits excellently into their hematology-oncology portfolio. And importantly, for 424, we have a shared vision to develop it in multiple indications. I will come back to that in a moment. In the Lilly collaboration, Lilly has worldwide rights for oral 28050 for inflammation. The major factor in our decision to go with Lilly was our right to co-develop 28050. If we elect to do so, we would be responsible for funding 30% of the clinical development costs for that specific indication, for example, rheumatoid arthritis, beginning with Phase IIb through regulatory approval and the royalty rate range would increase to 20%, up to the high-20%s. Given the size of the commercial opportunity that we see with 28050 in RA alone this increase in the royalty rate dramatically expands our financial upside, especially when you compare it with a straight licensing agreement. With respect to recent clinical developments and our 2010 objectives, Im going to begin with the lead clinical program, Incyte 18424 for Myelofibrosis. The European Phase III trial, COMFORT-II, which began about two months before the U.S. trial is fully enrolled and includes over 200 patients. Its a 48-week trial expected to complete late this year. Novartis is in the process of taking over COMFORT-II and will also have responsibility for the MAA filing, which they anticipate will occur in the second half of 2011. COMFORT-I, which is the U.S. Phase III trial, is expected to be fully enrolled before the end of the quarter. Our goal is to present the data at ASH in December and submit the NDA in early 2011. I want to now briefly review for you the three 424 presentations that were made at ASH this last December. First, Dr. Verstovsek presented results from the ongoing Phase II trial in patients with Myelofibrosis, which showed that 424 continues to provide mark and previously unachievable clinical benefits in this patient population. These benefits occur regardless of whether a patient harbors a JAK2 activating mutation. In the second presentation, he presented highly encouraging results from a Phase II trial in patients with advanced Polycythemia-Vera, PV and essential thrombocythemia also for short ET, who were either intolerant or refractory to Hydroxyurea. In the trial, there were 34 PV and 39 ET patients. We saw normalization of hematologic parameters in the PV patients. All of the phlebotomy dependent patients, about 75% of the PV patients, became phlebotomy independent. We also saw rapid and marked decreases in spleen size and significant reduction in symptoms. Similar changes were noted in the ET patients and 424 was well tolerated by the patient groups. Given the strength of these results we are currently working with FDA to determine requirements for approval, first, in PV. Once weve obtained input from the FDA and provided the European Medicines Agency, the EMA, who concurs with these requirements, the next step to be design one global registration trial to gain approval in the U.S. and in Europe. However, if it turned out that the EMA and the FDA could not agree on a single trial, requirements for a single trial, then most likely two registration trials would be performed to achieve approval in both regions. In either case the objective is to begin registration trials in PV later this year. The third ASH presentation describe results from an investigator sponsored IND evaluating 424 as monotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory Leukemia. The study looked at 23 subjects and despite their highly refractory conditions six achieved stable disease. There was one complete remission and one partial response. The positive clinical results weve seen with 424 along with the growing body of evidence indicating that JAK activation likely plays an important role in a number of hematologic malignancies suggests that a JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor may well have potential in multiple cancers. Therefore, an important 2010 objective for the joint development committee that weve established with Novartis is to determine the next most appropriate cancers to evaluate. In the interim, we are proceeding with a new program we announced last quarter involving children with hematologic malignancies or relapsed or refractory solid tumors. This study evolves from a request made by the Childrens Oncology Group, the COG Group and they will be responsible for conducting this trial. We believe they will be ready to start screening patients sometime this summer. Now, for our second oral JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, Incyte 28050 now partnered with Lilly, we completed enrolment for the Phase II dose ranging trial in December. The trial includes 127 RA patients who had an inadequate response to their DMARD treatment. For the first three months of the trial, patients were randomized to receive one of three 050 doses, 4 mgs, 7 mgs, or 10 mgs once a day. At the end of three months all eligible placebo patients crossed over to either 7 mgs or 10 mgs once a day of 050. The primary endpoints for the study are safety and the per cent of patients achieving ACR20 at three months. The key secondary end points are the per cent of patients achieving ACR50 and 70 scores at three months and the per cent of patients who achieve ACR20, 50, and 70 at six months. We intend to release top line results for the three month portion in the second quarter and present the full six month data at ACR in November. Moving now to topical 424, we announced positive top line results from the three-month Phase II trial in psoriasis back in September, and as planned we submitted an abstract to the Society for Investigative Dermatology. If accepted this means we present the full results from that Phase IIb study at their annual meeting in May. Early this year, we began speaking with companies who expressed interest in partnering in topical 424. Through these discussions we expect to determine whether a partner for this program makes sense or whether we should advance to Phase III by ourselves. Regarding our earlier stage oncology programs, we presented Phase II results at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Meeting in December, suggesting that the combination of the sheddase inhibitor, Incyte 7839 with Herceptin-based regimens, may offer a new therapeutic approach in breast cancer patients, in particular, those who are P95 positive. We will need to discuss this with the FDA but if the results in the P95 patients are confirmed with additional data from the ongoing clinical trial, then I believe that comparative clinical trials of modest size would be sufficient to demonstrate improvements in progression-free survival in this population, who are known have poor response to current HER2 directed treatment regimens. Now, our oral c-MET inhibitor, Incyte 28060, now licensed to Novartis is in a dose ranging Phase I/II trial in patients with solid tumors. We are conducting that, it began in January. Once the study is completed, Novartis would be responsible for future studies. For our indoleamine-2, 3-dioxygenase or IDO inhibitor, thats Incyte 24360, we intend to initiate a Phase I/II trial also in patients with solid tumors later this year. Multiple reports suggest that the immuno regulatory enzyme IDO is important for immune evasion by tumors and has been associated with poor clinical outcome when present in high amounts in tumors and with decreased overall survival. We believe inhibition of this enzyme may provide a unique method to treat malignancies, either alone or in combination with chemotherapeutics or other immune-based therapies. Now, lastly we also expect to file a new IND for another oncology target, which I will describe once were ready to begin clinical trials, probably, late this year or very early next year. To conclude, while we remain committed to progressing and growing our pipeline in oncology and inflammation, 2010 marks an important transition year for us as we prepare for potential commercial launch of 424 in Myelofibrosis. Building and investing appropriately in marketing and medical affairs to ensure a rapid and successful launch of our first product is one of our highest priorities. We have a core marketing team in place and while we have already completed extensive market research on the treatment of Myelofibrosis and understand what needs to be done for a careful launch, there is a lot to accomplish this year including, but not limited to, brand development, finalization of the generic and brand names, plus additional relationship building with KOLs, leading cancer centers and patient advocacy groups, additional marketing research efforts and other such preparations. I will now turn the call over to Dave to describe to you our financial situation.
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everybody. I will begin by reviewing our fourth quarter results and then I will provide financial guidance for 2010. Our fourth quarter operating results and net loss were generally in line with our expectations. After excluding the following items, both of which we discussed at last quarters call. First, we decreased the original carrying value of our 4.75% convertible senior notes by $148 million to reflect an embedded derivative liability. On November 24th, our shareholders approved an increase in authorized common shares at which time we had the mark-to-market the value of this derivative liability. As a result, we recorded a one-time, non-cash charge of $34.3 million or $0.29 per share in the fourth quarter. Second, we incurred a non-cash expense of $4.7 million or $0.04 per share related to the amortization of the $148 million discount on the 4.75% notes. And this discount will amortize over the life of the notes. Additionally, our fourth quarter selling, general, and administrative expense included transaction and advisory and legal costs related to the completion of the Novartis and Lilly collaborations. These one-time costs were largely offset by the contract revenue recorded as a result of amortizing the upfront and initial milestone amounts related to these partnerships. Our year-end cash position was $474 million, excluding $56 million of restricted cash escrowed for the first three years of interest payment on our 4.75% notes. And importantly, in January, we received another $150 million from our collaborations with Novartis and Lilly. Our cash burn in 2009 was $133 million, which included the legal and transaction fees related to our partnerships, but excluded the following items Net proceeds from our equity and senior convertible notes offerings, repurchases of a portion of our 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes, the funding of the escrow account for three years of interest on our 4.75% notes, and the upfront payment received from Novartis. Now, moving to our 2010 financial guidance, we expect our cash use in 2010 to range from $165 million to $175 million. Importantly, this use of cash does not reflect any potential milestones from our partners. While I cant be specific about the timing or amounts, our net use of cash in 2010 could be lower depending on the timing of potential collaboration milestones. Excluded from this guidance are any amounts used to redeem our outstanding 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes, on January 28th we announced that we will redeem on February 22nd all of these notes, which currently total approximately $176 million. Also excluded from our cash use guidance is $19 million in interest payments on the 4.75% notes which will be made out of the escrow account we established last year. Included in our 2010 cash use of $7 million for net lease related costs for the Companys closed California facility. 2010 will be the final year where we will have material costs related to these facilities as our leases expire end of this year and at the end of the first quarter 2011. Before moving to our operating line item guidance, I would say that broadly speaking, our increased cash use in 2010 is driven by investments in highly strategic areas, such as our significant investment in the clinical development of 424 in Myelofibrosis and PV and ET. Pre-product launch activities for 424 both in manufacturing validation and marketing and the Phase II development of 28050 in RA. Now, moving to our detailed guidance, we expect revenue to range from $66 million to $68 million in 2010. $66 million of this relates to the amortization of the Novartis and Lilly upfront and milestone payments. We are recognizing the upfront payments received from Novartis and Lilly as revenue on a straight line basis over four years and seven years respectively. Again, our revenue guidance does not reflect any potential future milestone payments we could receive from these collaborations, which we would recognize as revenue immediately upon achievement. Our research and development expense is expected to range from $138 million to $145 million. This includes a non-cash expense of $10 million to $12 million related to the impact of expense in share-based payments, including employee stock options. As I previously mentioned, our R&D investment is higher than last year as we continue to shift the preponderance of investment into clinical development. In fact, out of total R&D clinical related costs now represent about 2/3rds of the expense. Because of this progress our clinical development head count is increasing, primarily to support the JAK programs, which continue to represent the vast majority of our program costs. Our selling, general, and administrative expense is expected to range from $40 million to $45 million, including a non-cash expense of $6 million to $7 million related to the impact of expense in share-based payments, including employee stock options. The increase in SG&A from 2009 is solely due to our increased investment in the marketing function as we enter into pre-launch activities related to 424 in Myelofibrosis that Paul previously mentioned. Our interest income is expected to range from $0.5 million to $1 million as we continue to invest our excess cash conservatively and yields continue to be extremely low. Our interest expense is expected to be approximately $44 million including a non-cash expense of $23.5 million, related primarily to the amortization of the discount on the 4.75% notes. Finally, we expect a non-cash charge of up to $5.1 million related to the pending redemption of the 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes. So in conclusion I am confident were well-positioned from a financial perspective to support both our pipeline and pre-commercialization activities. Even with these investments, based on our current plans we have enough cash to carry us through the launch of 424 in Myelofibrosis and transition Incyte into a successful commercial company. With that I will turn the call back to Paul.
Paul Friedman: Thanks, Dave. Operator, Id appreciate it if you could now open the call for questions.
Operator:
 :
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking the question. Can you give any comment at this point on the regulatory discussions for 424 in PV and ET? Maybe what you expect the design to look like. And also the decision to start with PV is that based more on the market opportunity that you see or you believe that there would be different regulatory requirements in those two areas?
Paul Friedman: Tom, were really not in a position yet to talk about most of the questions that you asked. The one that I can address is the last one and that is whether or not there would be for advanced ET or advanced PV patients same regulatory requirements is something well find out. If they are, then we would, I think take on ET sooner than were currently planning to, which by the way is not that much delayed from PV. Its just with PV there is well-documented shortening of life expectancy and a higher conversion from that disease description of both to Myelofibrosis and they can go straight to leukemic transformation. And with ET, while it happens, the data is much less convincing that there is any shortening in life expectancy. And we just thought that the hurdle would be lower this first time around to segregate our discussions to PV and then in parallel feel out the agency as to their receptivity to the ET patients. In fact, the group of patients that we studied or are studying in the Phase II are people who are advanced with the ET diagnosis. Many of them do have spleens and they have constitutional symptoms and they are not either responding or they are intolerant to Hydroxyurea and they have high counts. So, they still would benefit from the drug. Its just that we thought it would be prudent to isolate the initial discussions to PV. And so thats our game plan. The other things, where were with the discussions, things are moving along, but I found the last time that we probably were a little too open publicly with where we were with respect to discussions on MF and it ended up painting us into a corner to a degree. And I just dont want to do that again. So, we need a couple more months. Maybe by the next time, we convene for one of these talks well be in a position where we can give you significant information on your first questions.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then two other quick ones. Is it your intent at this time to pursue an SPA for that? And also what data should we expect in 2010 from the ongoing Phase II trial in those two settings? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: Id say the vast majority of the times for these kinds of indications it would be better off if you could secure an SPA. Is it absolutely written in stone thats how we would do it, no, but if we can negotiate an SPA thats how well do it. I would let Rich answer about where the study will be this year and what kind of information will be revealed about it.
Rich Levy: Sure. We dont have any data from new study. The prior study, the patients who were enrolled and we presented on at ASH, theyd be the same patient population, but those patients are continuing. So the earliest that we might present an update on those patients would likely be ASH of 2010.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rachel McMinn of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks very much. I wanted to dig into the cash use guidance a little bit more. Can you give us a sense of what are the moving pieces here? In other words, I know that youre excluding any potential milestones from Lilly, but if 050 is successful, is that already built into your R&D guidance or would that be something that you would contemplate later in the year and same with the Phase III for topical 424? Im just trying to understand the moving pieces.
Dave Hastings: Yes, I think its logical to assume that as our programs progress is the partnered ones that we would be eligible to receive milestones. In terms of the 050 program, we did build into the development budget, the initiation of an IIb study, in the second half of the year, so thats in the guidance. Again, that would be logical area where we would, as the program progresses you would expect to receive milestones for. The 424 topical program, as Paul mentioned, were looking at the appropriate studies to do there as well as talking to potential partners.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So, is it fair to assume that your R&D guidance doesnt really bake in a Phase III start at this point?
Dave Hastings: Yes, that would be fair.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one quick question, I know we dont actually have a lot of detailed data on the inflam program partnered with Lilly 050, but just wondering if you can make any broad comments about cholesterol elevation with this class of drugs and I guess, how treatable you think this side effect with the JAK2 inhibitors is going to be with statins or just other standard therapy? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: So mechanistically, you would expect HDL and LDL to go up in kind. I think thats an important point to remember when we start to talk about the lipid profiles, so that, that ratio in the vast majority of people doesnt change, ergo cardiovascular risk profile shouldnt change. And in the much smaller group of people, who would for reasons that arent completely understood, have a bit more of an LDL elevation than they have of an HDL elevation, if that is a significant change that what I think will be a very small subset of patients may have to be put on a statin and there is no reason to think that the statin would not control and bring their LDL back down to acceptable ranges.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Thomas Wei of Jefferies & Co.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Thanks. I just wanted to ask a couple questions here on PV and ET and then on the expenses. Just trying to understand exactly, how this strategy is going to work. So you are probably going to start an SPA negotiation process with the FDA for PV, complete that and then take that SPA to the EMA or Novartis is going to take that SPA to the EMA, to see whether or not they accept that design. And so, presumably as part of this you are talking about a single global trial that would need to be at least 48 weeks long in duration?
Paul Friedman: Thats not inaccurate. Thats probably a sequence that makes sense, yes. We already are interacting with the FDA. The way you stated it is like we will. We are. And then Novartis would get their scientific advice from EMA and then we would start hopefully.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: So does that mean that if for some reason there isnt agreement between the two agencies, you would be locked into a 48-week trial design with the FDA, because thats what youre initially proposing here as part of the SPA?
Paul Friedman: I think its going to be hard with PV to do a six-month study. We may have end points, key end point at six months, but I doubt wed be able to file without 48-week data.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Thats very helpful. And then just looking at the guidance for the amortization of the upfront payments it looks like, were backing into this correctly, that youre assuming 4.5 years for both sets of upfront payment to be amortized. Thatd be through mid-2014. So, the Lilly one kind of makes sense given our estimate for the time line for approval in RA, but Im trying to understand a little bit better the 424 milestone through mid-2014, if that refers to PV and ET approval, I guess, Im not exactly sure, why it would take so long to be approved in Europe in those two indications?
Dave Hastings: So, just to clarify on Lilly, as I mentioned its actually a seven-year amortization period. And then as you mentioned Thomas, for the Novartis revenue, it is four years which would take it out to the end of '13. The accounting is driven by the Incyte involvement and mainly tied to the time in the clinical trials, which is consistent with an approval in Europe for PV and ET.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Okay. And then lastly 
Dave Hastings: (inaudible).
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Okay. And there is no mention during the prepared comments, unless I missed it on the HSD1 inhibitor.
Paul Friedman: As weve said, were not planning to on our own do further studies there. We have, in parallel, with our now ongoing discussions with companies on the topical program; we are also talking to people about partnership structures for HSD1.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies & Co: Thanks.
Paul Friedman: So we really didnt have anything new to add there. Maybe we should have put a sentence into the prepared remarks.
Operator:
 :
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Hi, good morning. Just a follow-up to Rachels question. In terms of the cholesterol elevation, mechanistically, when might you expect to see any changes there? And with the three-month study, the data thats forthcoming, would that be enough time to either describe better any potential for cholesterol elevation with 050?
Paul Friedman: Yes, I think in three months we should see it and Im sure were going to see it because we believe its an IL-6 based phenomenon although the mechanism is not crystal clear, if you look at Actemra, which does nothing but block the IL-6 pathway, theyve seen. And so we do expect to see increases in HDL and LDL. And if you go back and look at the Pfizer data and look at the Actemra data and look at the ratio of those two lipids, the mean ratios are pretty much same as they were at baseline, and its harder looking at their data to piece out individual patients, because they are pooled data. But if you look at enough of the lipid data, there are occasional patients, who bump their LDL more than the increase they get with HDL, and to me those would be people who you might want to put on a statin. In fact, if you did put such an individual on a statin and Im not saying its a great thing to have to go on another drug, but those people actually may end up with a better ratio at the end of the day, because of their HDL elevations. But, the majority of people dont change the ratio in a significant way. And I think we will see indications of that at three months.
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Great, thats helpful, thank you. And then just moving to the efficacy for 050, can you maybe describe a little bit to us what kind of efficacy you are expecting to see and what would get you excited to want to make the further commitment to be involved in co-development of that program?
Paul Friedman:
 :
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: Okay, thanks, I will hop back in the queue.
Operator:
 :
Ziad Bakri  Cowen Group, Inc: Thanks for taking the question. First question was just on psoriasis. Am I right in saying that if you dont get the right deal term for the topical program that youll move forward in a Phase III alone? And if so, could you give us some indication of maybe what the timelines and the number of patients designed, etc., might look like for study in psoriasis?
Paul Friedman: We havent designed that study yet. There are a number of ways we could move forward. One would be to go directly into a Phase III study. The other would be to look at in relatively short-term studies and relatively small studies special subset of patients. For example, patients who cannot be treated topically with steroids and a significant number of psoriatics have this. They either have facial psoriasis and/or intertriginous areas, especially the genitals, where you cant use steroids. Weve talked about looking at that group before going into Phase III. The Phase III studies, I can tell you that they are straight forward studies. They are less expensive than typical Phase III, for example, for RA or in a cardiovascular indication and we certainly could do them. I cant give you a time line yet or how well actually evolve the program. The whole point of talking to people, who have lived in this area for years, which make up a significant portion of the companies were talking to, is to get feedback that will help us craft the best path forward. So I dont mean to be evasive, its just that we havent formulated the path forward yet.
Ziad Bakri  Cowen Group, Inc: Okay, thanks. And then just on the sheddase inhibitor, in terms of the design of that trial, if you were to do a study, it would be in the P95 positive subset. Could you give us an indication of what proportion of HER2 positive patients or P95 positive? And would it be your expectation to move into a Phase IIb first or straight into a Phase III?
Paul Friedman: We think about 40% to 45% of HER2 positives are P95 positive, thats what the data suggests. And we have to talk to the FDA, but our intent would be to go into a registration trial.
Rich Levy: Perhaps with an adaptive design.
Paul Friedman: Perhaps with an adaptive design, right.
Ziad Bakri  Cowen Group, Inc.: Okay, perfect, thanks very much.
Operator:
 : .
Alex To  Cross Research: Hi, on the 050 trial, you mentioned after three months youre going to switch the placebo group, cross-over to the 10 mg, am I correct? Why 
Paul Friedman: 7 mg or 10 mg; I think its like a re-randomization. Half the people will get 7 mg, half will get 10 mg.
Alex To  Cross Research: Okay, that was my question about was wondering why you picked 10 mg, so there is two doses. So there is a re-randomization processes in the ways that the second part of the trial will still be double blinded or?
Paul Friedman: No.
Alex To  Cross Research: Okay. So 
Paul Friedman: Go ahead, Rich.
Rich Levy: Second part of the trial is still double blinded. Its just that everyone knows they are not receiving the placebo.
Alex To  Cross Research: Okay. Earlier in the call, I think somebody mentioned, there might be a Phase IIb, so what would be the Phase IIb for a six-month straight double blinded on the dose youve chosen to go into registration or ?
Paul Friedman: Thats a study that we have to agree to with Lilly. Lilly will have the final call on that. I think they probably want to see the Phase IIa results before committing to a Phase IIb study design.
Alex To  Cross Research: Okay. But, in other words, if this study is fantastically successful, you have a clear dose response curve for 7 mg and 10 mg and you have a six-month randomized results, why couldnt you just directly go to a Phase III, because most of the RA Phase IIb design is they are basically the six-month trial.
Paul Friedman: Ill let Rich expand on this. Weve had that discussion internally. If it would be possible to do that and the regulatory agencies would agree to it, why wouldnt we? Its a study with 127 people and probably only 60 people will be at doses that would be studied, if you had to guess in a Phase III. Thats not a very much of a safety database for six months to jump into a large Phase III trial, but it is food for thought, I just think its an unlikely path forward, but Id let Rich comment further.
Rich Levy: We just havent seen this division of FDA allow anybody to go from, as Paul said, 127 patient study to Phase III, which is generally over 2,000 patients plus there are additional things that can be learned about different sub-patient populations, different combinations, for example, weve only looked at patients, who are already on a DMARD. You may want to explore some other things and see if a dose response is the same, so, theres a number of things you can do within the Phase IIb other than simply repeating the experiment that youve just done in larger numbers of patients. But, its not completely out of the question if the results were so clear cut.
Alex To  Cross Research: Great, thank you.
Operator:
 :
Paul Friedman: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We certainly appreciated your support last year and turned out to be an extremely productive year for us. We fully expect to maintain that level of productivity this year and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. And with that, operator, thank you and lets end the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy  Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Paul Friedman  President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Hastings  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rich Levy  Executive Vice President Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer Pat Andrews  Executive Vice President Chief Commercial Officer.
Analysts: Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird & Company Eun Yang  Jefferies & Company Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan, Chase & Company Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann Liisa Bayko  JMP Asset Management Lucy Lu  Citigroup Jeff Elliott  UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Incyte Corporation Third Quarter 2009 Financial Results. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communication. 
Pamela Murphy:  On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incyte's President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer, Rich Levy, Executive Vice President Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer, and Pat Andrews, Executive Vice President Chief Commercial Officer. To begin, Paul will provide a review of our lead programs and Dave will follow will a description of our recent financing and third quarter financial results, and we'll then open up the call for Q&A.  Before beginning we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during this call today including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development program, including timing of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions, and the potential safety and efficacy of our compound, as well as expected financial results and guidance are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 from time to time in our SEC documents. 
Paul Friedman: For our lead JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor Incyte 18424, we're currently enrolling patients in the two Phase III trials, COMFORT-I in the United States, Canada, and Australia, and COMFORT-II in Europe. Our objective remains to complete enrollment late this year or early next and this will keep us on track for filing the new drug application in late 2010 or early 2011. As the press release stated, we have three oral presentations at ASH this year. Dr. Verstovsek from M.D. Anderson has two of these and will present results from the Phase II trial in patients with advanced polycythemiavera and essential thrombocythemia, as well as give an update on results from the ongoing Phase II trial in patients with myelofibrosis. Additionally Dr. Ravandi also from M.D. Anderson will be presenting results from an investigator sponsored IND for 18424 being used as monotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory leukemia's. M.D. Anderson was interested in testing 424 in these patients based on evidence that the JAK-STAT signaling pathway plays a key role in hematopoietic malignancies, and that trial began in May of 2008 and is still recruiting. Given that these treatment refractory patients tend to have very poor outcomes as well as the published data which indicate that JAKs may be centrally involved in this setting, we were supportive of M.D. Anderson's desire to evaluate 424 in leukemia's and look forward to seeing these early results presented at ASH. Another new program for 424 that we expect to initiate next year evolved from a request from the Children's Oncology Group at the NCI to evaluate 424 in children with relapsed or refractory solid tumors, haematologic malignancies, and myeloproliferative diseases. Your interest came from evidence that JAK-STAT signaling is involved in a variety of cancers as well as recent publications documenting that a percentage of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, particularly those with poor prognosis, carry JAK mutations. Therefore the Children's Oncology Group researchers believe JAK inhibitors may be effective treatments in high risk pediatric cancers. As is the case with most such first in-patient studies the primary objective of this trial will be to obtain dose limiting toxicity data and establish that 424 can be used in children. Obviously we'll be looking for any objective responses in their tumors as well. Based on the NCI's current timelines we expect to see results in the middle of 2011. Now moving on to the topical formulation of 424, as you know in September we announced positive top line results from our first three month Phase 2b trial in psoriasis. We shared these results with a number of leading KOL's and dermatologist and were encouraged by their feedback. Both groups indicated that the mechanism and profile for topical 424 looked promising.  Particular importance to these physicians is 424's potential to provide a rapid onset of action, meaningful advantages in terms of safety, tolerability, and duration of dosing, and possible application on the face and other sensitive areas without the tolerability concerns that significantly limit or preclude the use of steroids or Vitamin D treatments on these areas. In addition these results have generated a good deal of interest from potential partners and we intend to initiate discussions with these companies to determine whether a partner for this program could make sense. For our second oral JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor Incyte 28050, we continue to enroll rheumatoid arthritis patients into a six-month Phase II dose ranging trail that we began this past summer. This study involves 100 such patients who have had inadequate responses to their DEMARD treatment. We expect to have three-month results late in the first half of 2010 and six-month results in the second half, which would mean we could present these results at ACR next year. In regard to our 11beta-HSD1 program, in October we presented results on the Phase 2b trial at the European Academy for the Study of Diabetes, the EASD annual meeting. These results were initially presented during a poster session at ADA annual meeting in June and demonstrated that 13739 significantly improved glycemic control and total cholesterol levels. The EASD oral presentation included a subgroup analysis of total and LDL cholesterol and triglycerides, as well as a description of body weight changes, all of which revealed further positive effects of 739 treatment. As we said multiple times in the past, this program is not one we'll advance further on our own. We're pursuing partnership opportunities and I should add here that as we've also said before, in addition to partnership discussions for 739 we're an active and productive discussions for our JAK inhibitor programs.  And for those while it remains our intent to keep the U.S. rights to 424 for oncology, we believe a strong rest of the world partner could help us rapidly optimize the MPD opportunity, as well as improve our financial position. With the JAK inflammation program, we would consider a broad global licensing deal or we could opt to do a deal which we share in downstream economics.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave to run through our financial situation.
Dave Hastings:  I'd like to start this morning by describing our recent financing, the changes to our fourth quarter financial guidance as a result of that financing, and then finish by highlighting a couple of areas in our third quarter financial results.  On September 30, we completed our dual tranche offering of $400 million of 4.75% convertible senior notes due in 2015, and I'll follow on equity offering of $20.7 million common shares. Our note offering resulted in net proceeds of $388 million while our equity offering resulted in net proceeds of over $132 million. We intent to use the proceeds from the note offering to reduce or otherwise retire our existing 2011 convertible notes, in fact we have retired a little over $212 million of these notes thus far. In addition, as anticipated we placed $56 million of cash in an escrow account reserved for the first three years of interest payments on these new notes. We intend to use the proceeds from the equity offering for general corporate purposes including continuing our investments in our advancing pipeline, particularly our JAK inhibitor programs.  As a result of financing we have increased our interest expense guidance from $26 million to $33 million in 2009. The components of the increase are as follows, $5.3 million of non-cash amortization of debt discount on our new notes as a result of $148 million debt discount we recorded pursuant to provisions of the latest guidance on derivative accounting EITF 07-5. We will amortize that non-cash discount over the life of the notes. In addition, we expect $4.8 million of interest expense on the new notes in the fourth quarter.  Now these increases are partially offset by a $1.9 million reduction of interest expense as a result of the retirement of $212 million of our existing 2011 notes and a $1.2 million reduction in amortization of debt discount as a result of the retirement of $86 million of the existing 2011 senior notes.  Also because of the accounting guidance mentioned above until we get shareholder approval to increase a number of authorized shares of common stock, we will record a mark-to-market non-cash adjustment on the $148 million derivative liability that we recorded upon issuance of our new notes. Because this variable mark-to-market adjustment is tied to our share price, it could result in a significant non-cash gain or charge in the fourth quarter. A special meeting of stockholders is being held on November 24 to approve an increase in number of authorized shares.  In terms of our third quarter operating results, we ended the quarter with $395 million in unrestricted cash and marketable securities. So far we have used $103 million in cash in our cash used guidance of between $122 million and $128 million remains unchanged, although we do expect to be on the upper end of that range in 2009.  Our 2009 cash used and cash used guidance does not include amounts raised in our [dual-trance] offering, amounts used to retire our existing 2011 notes or the amount we placed in escrow for the three years of interest payments on those notes.  In terms of our third quarter and year's date net loss it is important to note it includes a non-cash charge of $5.4 million or $0.05 per share. This charge primarily relates to a portion of our deferred offering cost and debt discount on our existing 2011 notes that we retired at the end of the quarter. As a reminder, of the $212 million that we have retired so far, $186 million was completed in the third quarter and $26 million has been completed so far in the fourth quarter.  We're gratified that we successfully completed our recapitalization as we have strengthened our balance sheet and removed a significant financial overhang. This is critical to our ability to continue to advance our pipeline and enter into negotiations with potential partners.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Paul. 
Paul Friedman: Operator, let's just move ahead and open the call to questions, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first call comes from Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird. 
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird & Company: I'm guessing you probably won't want to set any explicit guidance on timing or partnership, but could you characterize just any of the ones that people focus most on, including the 4240 U.S. diabetes inflammation have meaningfully advanced in the last three months and which if any of those need additional clinical data or new information in order to get to something mutually satisfactory? 
Paul Friedman: I would say they all have advanced substantially in the last few months or none of them do I at this point in time anticipate we need any further clinical data to consummate a partnership. 
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird & Company: Do the potential partners for 424 already have the data that you referred to for presentation at ASH? Have they had a chance to look at it? 
Paul Friedman: I think in one form or another they've seen it, yes. 
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird & Company: In terms of the enrollment for 424, it sounds like everything is on track. Would you be able to put any percent to the enrollment status at this point?
Paul Friedman: No, I wouldn't do that but what I can tell you is that we have projection curves that keep us on track to enroll give or take a few weeks within the frame of what we anticipated and we're doing just fine in both studies. 
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird & Company: Switching real quick to a financial question, in terms of modeling how should we think about the timing or the pace for paying off the remainder of the old converts that are due in 2011? I know it might be lumpy, but it looks like you paid maybe $25 million in the last month or so and I'm just kind of trying to figure out if there is anything that you can say to help us think about that going forward. 
Dave Hastings: Tom, I think we have a lot of optionality there. As you know, all the notes are callable but as we indicated in today's press release we have retired a fair amount and we will continue to do that. But I think you said it well, it is lumpy and difficult to predict. But again, we are focused on using the proceeds from the new note offering to continue to reduce that balance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eun Yang  Jefferies & Company.
Eun Yang  Jefferies & Company: Paul, you mentioned that 424 you are looking for XUS partners particularly oncology. Does that imply that the oncology rights to utilize [inaudible] in the U.S. Is that only specific in myelofibrosis or it depends on the cancer types?
Paul Friedman: I think in general what we've tried to do with all potential partners is retain oncology rights for 424, not just for myelofibrosis. That seems to be going pretty well. 
Eun Yang  Jefferies & Company: Then 424 the understanding that for psoriasis indication is a topical formulation, but is there any plan that you would actually try to 28050 for a topical formulation and then kind of a package of those two indications together and present it to potential partners?
Paul Friedman: Yes, that would be cleaner if it were possible to do. The issue is the structural differences between 050 and 424 lead to very different fluxes through the skin. 424 has a certain functional group which gives very good skin flux and 050 is a more polar compound and has less skin flux. So we were less optimistic that we could make an effective topical with 050, which is the reason we haven't done that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan, Chase & Company.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan, Chase & Company:  First on PV/ET, just heading to ASH wondering if you could set expectations a little bit for the data we're going to see relative to the MF data you presented in the past, really here in terms of how we should be interpreting [M points] all the same or any key differences, and then also within that PV/ET arena, if you could discuss the market opportunity there. And then I have a follow-up on 050. 
Paul Friedman: I'm going to let Rich answer the first part of the question. The second part of the question is we have presented in the past the prevalence of PV and ET relative to myelofibrosis as best you can estimate with the data that's out there and it's somewhere between five and seven times as many patients have PV and ET each than myelofibrosis.  I think that's a range that's not unreasonable to give you. About maybe 25% or so of each of those patient groups when they get farther advanced have the sane symptoms. It's very significant symptoms that myelofibrosis patients have. They have splenomegaly and the difference is they don't have fibrosis in their marrow and they have one or more of the blood cell counts elevated, in polycythemia it varies. The red count in essential thrombocythemia it's a platelet count.  So the group of patients that we're currently studying are the more advanced patients and exactly what we would have for endpoints in pivotal trials requires discussion with regulatory agencies, which we are planning. But let me turn it over to Rich to describe to you what you might be expected to see presented at ASH with respect to data from the ongoing Phase II study. 
Rich Levy: As Paul said, there are some key differences between PV and ET and myelofibrosis in terms of what you would want to be accomplishing. So, remember in myelofibrosis often times the counts are low because the bone marrow is no longer working very well, whereas in PV and ET the problem is that the counts are high.  And it can be more than just the red cell that's high in PV you can have high platelets and high white count there too. In ET, you generally by definition don't have a high hemoglobin or hematocrit, but you'd have high platelets and you may have high white cell. So, one of the things you're going to be looking for is to bring those high counts down into the normal range.  The second thing is that you do have some patient's who have some significant splenomegaly in PV and ET, as these are advanced patients you will see data on that as well. But that's not the key finding as an important a component to improvement of the patient as you see in MS, where the spleens can be absolutely massive and really debilitative.  The third aspect is the symptoms themselves, and that is fairly similar to myelofibrosis in that patients do tend to have a lot of the same symptoms. One that's really key in psoriasis is pruritus or itching, and it can be 
Paul Friedman:   In PV. 
Rich Levy: What did I say? 
Paul Friedman: Psoriasis. 
Rich Levy:  In PV, the itching which can be really severe, people can rate them 10 on a scale of 10, so just as we see improvements in pruritus or itching in MF patients, in PV that would be a key thing to look at. But also other symptoms as well that are overlapping. So, I think those are the key areas that you should be looking for when we present the data at ASH. 
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan, Chase & Company:  Then the follow up on 050, regarding the ongoing Phase 2, are there still plans to conduct an early interim look at the data that you're going to keep proprietary to share with partners, and if so is it safe to assume that no new would be good news on that front? 
Paul Friedman: Yes, there won't be any news and if we keep this study going, I would think that would be good news. And we are planning to do that sometime in the first quarter. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann. 
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann:  Do you expect the Phase 2 ASH data for PV and ET to be sufficient to begin regulatory discussions and do you feel that the path you went through for the MF SPA in any way facilitates those discussions for PV and ET? 
Paul Friedman: Rich? 
Rich Levy:  Yes, I think the data are sufficient to have discussions with FDA. And as Paul said, we do plan on meeting with them probably sometime early next year. In terms of the endpoints, the endpoints I believe will be different than in MF just as I talked about it a few minutes ago in terms of the objectives. But I think we did learn a lot about how FDA thinks about these things, which are different than their typical cancer studies and the accommodations that we've reached through the FDA process can be applied to the thinking of how we would approach PV and ET. 
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann: And you'll be looking for an SPA in those syndications as well? 
Rich Levy: It's possible, we haven't decided whether to go the SPA route on a secondary indication is that may not be as critical a decision as it was to get the drug to the market in the first place. The first meeting that we're requesting is not related to an SPA, it's kind of a pre-SPA stage to just have a first level of discussions and based on that we would decide whether or not the SPA makes sense or not. 
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Then can you give us a quick update on the status and timelines of the QT and carcinogenicity studies for 424 and 050? 
Rich Levy: So the definitive QTC study has started. You get different doses and then you get a positive and a negative control each a week apart, and so we're into the dosing phase of that, but then the actual analysis of all the ECGs takes quite a bit of time. So, we don't expect to have results until sometime in the first quarter of next year.  With respect to the carcinogenicity studies, we are doing two studies, one is a transgenic mouse model and that study has begun and we will have results in time for the initial filing. The rat carcinogenicity study, which is a traditional two-year study, per agreement with regulatory authorities it's not required for initial approval. Those studies have also begun, but will not have data until after the registration files are in and likely approved. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities.   
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: I'm just wondering if you can give us a sense of what we might expect from the updated data from the Phase 2 trial at ASH. I know that you've been continuing patients on therapy and is there anything different that you've been observing as patients are on therapy longer? 
Rich Levy: Patients continue to do well where the abstract is in and the presentation will be in line with what's in the abstract. In terms of the actual content of what topics we're going to cover in depth hasn't been fully decided yet. I mean it is Dr. Verstovsek's presentation and those are his decisions to make and we just haven't reached that point. But I think everything will be in line with the fact that patients are still continuing to do well on drug now some patients two and a half years out.  Our average exposure is now about a year and a half on drug, among the 150 or so patients that were enrolled in the study. Spleens continue to be smaller, symptoms continue to be getting better, and the drug continues to be well tolerated. 
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: With patients on treatment longer, are you starting to see any signals that there's a change in the underlying disease? 
Rich Levy: I'm going to leave that for the final presentations. I think there may very well be some positive interesting data that we're going to present, but I don't want to try to get into it now. 
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: How many patients of the 150 that started in this trial, how many are still on treatment? 
Rich Levy: I don't have the daily numbers, but the last I looked it was around 115.   
Liisa Bayko  JMP Securities: If you could just discuss a little bit about the breast cancer trial, you're going to have data for that coming up, I mean how should we think about it and what other kind of data points are going to be presented at San Antonio and I will step back in the queue? 
Paul Friedman: We're going to update people on the status of P95 positive patients where they're getting Herceptin plus 7839, the sheddase inhibitor. We have a handful more patients than we had the last time we presented. Some of those are out far enough that you can add them to the data list in trying to determine whether we're doing better with P95 positive patients than you would expect them to be doing with the Herceptin alone.  And there may be several others who are in the study, but who haven't been on drug long enough to be able to add their responses to the overall response rate. I think that's the kind of data we're going to see. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Lucy Lu  Citigroup. 
Lucy Lu  Citigroup: Just a general question for you, on the partnerships for your inflammation program, diabetes, as well MF for Europe, they were one of the ways you were going to retire the debt and fix your balance sheet in 2009. Now that you have raised a lot of money and enough to retire the debt, I'm just wondering is that still a corporate priority for Incyte, and how has the fact that you've raised money changed the partnership priority? 
Paul Friedman: Forming the partnerships is in and of itself a priority and I'll just enumerate the different programs, I think it will become clear why we believe that a strong partner, XUS, for myeloproliferative diseases with established sales force experienced getting reimbursement in Europe would allow for a stronger launch a stronger ability to get appropriate reimbursement and overall higher NPV.  So we've always had that aim whether or not that was going to be the pot of money that we primarily used to retire the debt depended on what else we did with respect to financing, but we've done these things in parallel. With respect to inflammation, when you look at a company like us both the infrastructure we have and the amount of money that we can spend, and then you look at the opportunities that exist in parallel to be investigated in inflammation, Crohn's disease, ankylosing spondylitis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, the list gets pretty long.  And while RA is the most prominent one, there are quite a few others that optimally you'd like to be looking at in a quasi parallel fashion. We just can't do that by ourselves and we see that Pfizer, like the 10,000 pound gorilla, they can do that. And so to remain temporarily competitive, if we can find the right relationship with a partner we think that that would be a more ideal way to fly.  With respect to diabetes, we've always said that we are not going to take forward primary care indications like diabetes into pivotal trials and then to try to launch and so we've always said we were going to have a partner there as well. So there are I think very compelling reasons apart from just having money for retired debt, which have propelled us to aggressively seek partnerships and we continue to do that and those discussions are and have been very fruitful ones. And when we get there, we will announce it to the world. 
Lucy Lu  Citigroup: Paul, I don't mean to push you just really trying to understand a little bit better. I think a lot of investors had been expecting one or two deals for inside this year because you guys have so many opportunities. I guess I'm just trying to understand a little bit better. What have been some of the gating factors?
Paul Friedman: Well, the year is not over yet and the fact that we've raised money I think has given us a significant amount of leverage in these negotiations that should be helpful in closing one or more deals. And there's really not much more I can tell you. I would think that investors would not want us to willy-nilly sign a deal so we could announce a deal if we thought that with a little bit more back and forth deals could be optimized and just the fact that it takes a while to get through contracts and committees. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Elliott  UBS. 
Jeff Elliott  UBS: Just a follow-up in terms of some of the programs that you had put on hold early in the year like c-MET and the IDO program, where do you have to get from a capital perspective to restart those or should we view those as inactive? 
Paul Friedman: Well, I think we probably have capital now where if we choose to we could start either or both of those programs and we may choose to do that. 
Jeff Elliott  UBS: But you're not at this point.
Paul Friedman: Well, we're doing work in one of the two. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to hand the floor back over to management for any closing comments. 
Paul Friedman: Thank you for your attention and your questions and I think that our ASH presentations are going to be very interesting ones. We hope that we'll have something to say on the partnership front in the very near future but, again, until those things are over they're not over and I appreciate your understanding on that part. And we look forward to speaking with you again soon. With that, we'll end the call. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy  VP, IR and Corporate Communications Paul Friedman  President and CEO Dave Hastings  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co. Thomas Wei  Piper Jaffray Jeff Elliott  UBS Eun Yang  Jefferies & Co. Lucy Lu  Citigroup Liisa Bayko  JMP Asset Management
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation second quarter 2009 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations, Communications for Incyte Corporation. Thank you. Miss Murphy, you may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call are Paul Friedman, Incyte's President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. Paul will provide a review of our lead programs and Dave will follow with a brief summary of our second quarter financial results. And we will then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today, including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug discovery and development program, including the timing of clinical trials and the potential efficacy of our compound, as well as our expected financial results and financial guidance are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul Friedman: Thanks, Pam. As you know, through an SPA we have now reached agreement with the FDA on our Phase 3 US registration trial called COMFORT-I. With our lead JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, Incyte 18424, in patients with MF, myelofibrosis. COMFORT-I is expected to enroll 240 patients with other primary myelofibrosis post-polycythemia vera MF or post-essential thrombocythemia MF using enrollment from over 90 clinical sites in the United States, Canada, and Australia. The primary endpoint of COMFORT-I is the proportion of patients achieving a 35% or greater reduction in spleen volume as compared to patients receiving placebo from baseline to 24 weeks. Key secondary endpoints include measuring the duration of the 35% or greater reduction in splenic volume among patients initially randomized to active drug to 18424, as well as the proportion of patients who achieve a 50% or greater reduction in symptoms as measured by a modified version of Ruben Mesas myelofibrosis symptom assessment form. The double-blind portion of COMFORT-I is of 24 weeks duration and the data are scheduled to be analyzed when the last patient has completed 24 weeks of treatment with either 424 placebo, and also at least 50% of patients remaining in the study have completed 36 weeks of treatment. With respect to our other registration trial, the European Phase 3 trial called COMFORT-II, this trial is already enrolling and dosing patients in two of the participating countries with the remaining countries expected to come on board soon throughout August and into early September. The second study is open label. It's designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of the drug as compared to best available therapy and this will be in 150 patients randomized one to one. The primary efficacy endpoint in COMFORT-II is also the proportion of patients achieving at least 35% reduction in spleen volume from baseline to week 48. We think it will take about six months to enroll each of these registration studies, assuming that the results from the trials are positive, it means we could file the NDA for 18424s use in myelofibrosis in late 10 or early 11, and similarly our regulatory filing in Europe is likely to occur in the second half of 2011. For 424s use in the other two myeloproliferative diseases, polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia, we have about 70 patients enrolled in an ongoing Phase 2 trial. This includes a total of six sites in the US and Europe. We are quite encouraged by the results we've seen in this trial, both in terms of safety and efficacy, and we intend to present these data as well as an update on 424 in MF at ASH. We recently completed the three-month Phase 2b trial for topical 18424 in psoriasis, and we also look forward to sharing those results from this study sometime in September, so a month, month and a half from now. For our second JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, Incyte 28050, we've started enrolling and dosing for rheumatoid arthritis patients who have had inadequate responses to their DMARD treatments. These patients are now in a six-month Phase 2 dose ranging trial. Results from this study are expected in the first half of 2010. For 11beta-HSD1 program and the lead molecule Incyte 13739, in June at the ADA scientific sessions we presented results from a multicenter double-blind placebo-controlled three-month Phase 2b trial involving 300 patients. And we demonstrated that 13739 significantly improved glycemic control insulin sensitivity and total cholesterol in patients with Type 2 diabetes. As we said from the beginning, this is not a program we want to advance on our own, and so we plan to use these results to support our objective to secure a partner for the HSD1 program. In addition to partnerships for Incyte 13739, there continues to be a great deal of interest in our JAK inhibitor program. And while it remains our intent to keep North American rights for 424 for oncology, we believe a strong rest of the world partner could help us rapidly optimize the myeloproliferative disease opportunity as well as improve our financial position. For the JAK inflammation program, we believe that we could form a broad global licensing deal where we could opt to do a deal in which certain indications we retained and/or shared in downstream economics. Now with that I will turn the call over to Dave who will walk you through our second quarter financial results.
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everybody. I'll start my brief overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the second quarter with $147.5 million in cash and investments. So far our cash use this year has been $70.3 million. This performance is on plan and our cash use guidance for the year remains unchanged in a $122 million to $128 million. As a reminder, our use of cash was higher in the first half of the year than we are projecting for the second half due primarily to timing of our cash payments within our working capital line item, such as prepaid and accrued expenses. Additionally, our cash guidance excludes funds that could be received from potential partners this year. Our operating expenses, particularly research and development costs, are also in line with our expectations. R&D expense totaled $58.6 million so far this year, which is lower than last year's R&D expenses. This decrease reflects our intent to focus on only those programs we believe will create the highest near-term value. Another area I would like to touch on is interest and other income expense net, which this quarter reflects a non-cash charge of $1.3 million relating to FAS 115-2, the new guidance effective this quarter on mark to market accounting. Finally, in terms of our overall capital structure, as we stated in the past we are fully appreciative that our convertible note balance is a significant financial overhang. I believe there are number of strategies available to us that we could pursue to reduce or restructure the notes, and we intend to strive to maximize shareholder value with any action that we may take. So, with that I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Friedman: Okay. Operator we can now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question is coming from Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. Please state your question.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Good morning and congrats on all the progress in the last three months.
Paul Friedman: Thank you.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Just, first on the partnership front. It would seem as if you have everything in hand now that you 424 outside North America in oncology. Is that statement also true for diabetes? Can you give us a sense of what kind of discussions have gone like in the last month and a half I guess its been, and what kind of questions you are getting and whether you feel like you have what you need at this point to partner that asset?
Paul Friedman: I would say the answer is, yes to both of those questions. We are having I think fruitful discussions on both programs with multiple potential partners.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And just the timeline for filing 424 and MF, I just wanted to confirm what the enrollment time and the duration of the studies. Do you need COMFORT-II to be complete in order to file in the US?
Paul Friedman: No, we don't. We will do an analysis of the data as it stands at the time we plan to file COMFORT-I, and I think that's been agreed to.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then last one and I'll jump out. The design of the Phase 2 trial for 050 and RA, just curious, your thoughts on including biologic failures, I guess in light of what we saw from Rigel last week, just maybe any thoughts you guys have their. And why thats included in the design?
Paul Friedman: Why or if its included in our design?
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: I guess, if first, it looked from clinicaltrials.gov like it was included but whatever you can share on that both in terms of design and your thoughts.
Paul Friedman: I mean, if you look at -- if you look at what happens to the lipids with Actemra, with a Pfizer drug, and from what we anticipate and see with our drug, you see the effect of blocking interleukin 6 signal. If you look at the Rigel comp results, you don't see that effect. We don't know how the Rigel drug works, frankly. But despite the fact that you can show in self resistant that it is fairly potent against certain enzymes, it could be key. It's also very highly protein bound and when you do cell assays with it you get very dramatic shifts in activity. In other words, youve got to go to much higher concentrations to see anything inside the cell. If you put all that together and you look at the results with Actemra, and you look at our early results with 424, and you look at the results that have been presented by Pfizer, people who are biologic failures do pretty well on these new agents if you interfere with signaling through some key pathways. And it is our belief at this point, I think its probably going to turn out to be true that the Rigel molecule does not impact certain key pathways as Actemra, Pfizer, JAK inhibitor, and our compound do.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks very much Paul.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Please state your question.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning guys. And thank you for take the question. First question is also under diabetes program, I'm not even going too much of the partnership angle, but since we are six or so weeks post-ADA, Id be interested to hear what kind of expert feedback youve gotten from KOLs in their response to the data because the last time we heard publicly from you guys was the day the data was actually presented.
Paul Friedman: Okay, Ill let Rich answer that because he is closer to the KOLs.
Rich Levy: Yes. I mean I think that the response from the KOLs has been similar to the KOLs that we spoke with at the time of the meeting, which is that they were very happy to see a new mechanism that is affective that reduces hemoglobin A1c and that they concerned about the minor changes in the endocrine system which are fully expected based on -- you reduce the total amounts of cholesterol -- excuse me, of cortisol for a brief period of time and then your adrenal glands have to respond to increased ACTH. And so there are some people that say that would be a key worry if things got out of control, and they don't. So the endocrinology experts are quite comfortable with those results as well.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay. Thats good to hear. Now on the partnership front you're currently involved in presumably pretty complicated negotiations for a few different assets, significant assets. Now as a small company are you comfortable that you have the internal bandwidth to handle all these discussions simultaneously?
Paul Friedman: Absolutely. We have a terrific team and we also have some outside help to complement the internal efforts. So we are well on top of everything we're trying to do.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay. And then staying on the partnership topic for a second, with the six-month RA trial now ongoing, is there a time -- a point in time you come to where you basically -- you come to a point of no return, so to speak , and that you wait for the data before consummating the deal?
Dave Hastings: This is the implant program?
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Yes.
Paul Friedman: Yes, I mean I think that's a possibility. We have some very interesting discussions going on now because I think the more discerning potential partners have seen the Actemra data, they've seen the Pfizer data, they've seen our early data with both 424 and now with 28050, and I think they can project that are interim data are going to look pretty good. But having said that it is possible, depending on what happens on other fronts, with respect to business development, what people put on the table, who the partner would be, who is most generous in their terms would influence whether or not we would be willing to sign a deal or wait. There are a lot of moving parts right now and so I respect the first question that you asked whether we were on top of it, and we are. But there are a lot of moving parts. And so until one or more of those come to fruition it's hard to definitively answer the question you just asked.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay. And then going back to Daves comments in terms of addressing the debt and the balance sheet. How reliant are the strategies that you guys are contemplating on getting one or more partnership deals done at some at some point this year. Or are those strategies that you -- are there strategies that you have with no deals in place?
Dave Hastings: Yes, I think that there are various strategies available to us. Certainly a key objective though is to complete a corporate collaboration this year.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay. And then the last question I had would be also for Dave in terms of the COMFORT program and the overall cost of this program. Perhaps maybe you could just give us a range of the estimated price per patient just so we have an idea of what this is going to cost the company.
Dave Hastings: Yes, somewhere between $50,000 and $75,000 per patient spread over the next two, two and a half years.
Cory Kasimov  JP Morgan: Okay. Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Co. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co.: Thanks. And my congratulations as well. Just to follow up on the last questioning -- last line of questioning, Dave, about the restructuring of the debt. It does seem like the financial markets have eased a little bit, certainly since your last conference call. When might we see something on the debt restructuring or reduction?
Dave Hastings: We're very encouraged as well by the overall tone of the capital markets. Importantly, we are encouraged by the fundamental progress of the company. But, Eric, I don't want to lay out specific timelines and strategies at this point. But again, we are encouraged by the trends, both fundamentally with the company and in the capital markets.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co.: Okay. On the COMFORT-I enrollment timelines, if I back into a year-end 2010 filing it seems like you've given yourselves about six to nine months to enroll COMFORT-I. I guess is that consistent with your thinking and what's your level of confidence you can enroll those patients in that timeline? I know you've done a lot of work with the centers ahead of time.
Rich Levy: This is Rich Levy. I think we're going to enroll in approximately six months. That is based on detailed looks not just in general, but of actually identifying patients that are likely to come in at each center, and then we still discount that by quite a bit. So those are the sorts of things that you can predict reasonably well but not perfectly, so that's why we can't be exactly sure yet what our filing date will be. But the end of 2002, early 2011 is a very good estimate.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co.: Okay, thanks. And then last question on the endpoint, now that you settled on the 35% reduction in spleen size, will you show us the Phase 2 data cut by that metric?
Rich Levy: Yes. At ASH.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Co.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Thomas Wei  Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Just wanting to follow up on the 050 program for rheumatoid arthritis. Did you say you're planning on doing an interim analysis? And if so what triggers that and when might that occur?
Paul Friedman: We havent said anything about that. But we are going to do one but not for public consumption, just to allow us to engage partners if we wish. And so I'm not going to get into details of that or when we are going to do it.
Thomas Wei  Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then you had mentioned multiple pathways that you think might be the reason why a drug like R788 did not work in biologic failures and why a drug like 050 might. And you had said the IL-6 signaling pathway; what are some of other mechanistic rationales for why your drug might work in TNF failures where Rigel's did not?
Paul Friedman: Well, I was just giving you an example of what we think is a very key pathway that doesnt not appear to be modulated significantly enough, for example, to affect LDL as it is with Actemra, with the Pfizer drug, and with our drug, all three of which have demonstrated, albeit early for the two JAK inhibitors, but quite convincingly with Actemra that biologic failures respond pretty well if you impact the interleukin-6 pathway. And I'm not sure how the Rigel drug works. So it's difficult to speculate. All I can tell you is it does not appear to modulate that pathway anywhere near as significantly as the three drugs that show efficacy in anti-TNF failures. There are a myriad of other reasons you could speculate affected the Rigel results, and I'm sure that they have thought long and hard about those other possibilities. And so I don't really want to go there and try to be exhaustive. I'm just explaining to people why we think our agent will work in biologic failures because there is good precedent that that pathway we affect quite dramatically. And in fact we have early results that suggest we do work in that patient population. So I do think when you look at oral agents that have the opportunity to give efficacy same magnitude as the biologics that I think the drugs that look the strongest at this point would be the Pfizer drug and 28050.
Thomas Wei  Piper Jaffray: And this early data that you're referring to showing activity in biologic failures, can you just remind us what that is?
Paul Friedman: Well, we've had a few people in the studies that were failures and they did just as well as people who didnt. But we dont have a lot of that data. The Pfizer data, again when you look at theirs they don't call it out that way. But they have a significant number of people who have been treated who were bona fide biologic failures and their ACR responses and their CRP responses did not deviate from the overall results that were reported. And same with Actemra.
Thomas Wei  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jeff Elliott with UBS.
Jeff Elliott  UBS: Great, thanks. I just had a question on COMFORT-II and the entry criteria and how it compares to the Phase 2 program. Are you are assuming you're going to see a very similar patient population, particularly, I guess I am interested in baseline spleen size?
Rich Levy: Yes, the patent populations are going to be quite similar in all of our studies. When we did the 251 study, at first it was no specific requirement for spleen size by palpation. Then when we saw that the patients with massive spleens were having such incredible reductions in spleen size we had an amendment added where we actually started doing MRIs on the patients. And those patients are needed to have 10 centimeter or greater spleens. So you actually had early patients who were all over the map and then the later ones all had to have at least ten. For the European study, COMFORT-II, the minimum spleen size at entry is 5 centimeters by palpation. And let me just point out that when we've seen patients with 5 to 10 centimeter spleens, if you actually look at the volume of those spleens compared to published norms of volumes, they're often 10 to sometimes 20 to 30 times above the upper limit of normal. So it's not as if those are small spleens, they're still massive, they're just not as massive as the 10 to 20.
Jeff Elliott  UBS: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Eun Yang with Jefferies & Co. Please state your question.
Eun Yang -- Jefferies & Co.: Thank you. One of the secondary endpoints in the COMFORT-I trial is the durability of the response from the primary endpoint. Is there any specific time point at which that durability is going to be measured?
Paul Friedman: It's going to be measured from the time points in which someone first has a 35% reduction and then you see how long it goes out. So there will be a variety of time points when we've analyzed the data as to how far patients will be out. And it's kind of a Kaplan-Meier analysis of the data at that point in time and it will give us a line with a flow tube to be able to predict the long-term durability.
Eun Yang -- Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then a question on COMFORT-II trial. This trial is compared to the best available therapy, could [ph] you actually comment on what the best available therapy that is going to be used. And then whether the study is designed as non-inferiority or superiority?
Rich Levy: So first, it is a superiority study. Second, the best available therapy -- there are no established therapies for this disease, there are essentially no approved drugs for this disease. If you look at what drugs are most commonly used to treat it, hydroxyurea would be the number one drug, and then after that its all within low single digit percentages after that. So we expect that most of the patients will be on hydroxyurea and then a scattering of other drugs. Now these patients pretty much are already on their best available therapy, you're just not stopping something. There's not going to be a whole lot things for them to change to. So therefore we don't have a great expectation that they're going to switch to a therapy and all of a sudden do fantastically well, not to mention that there's no drug that actually does fantastically well. So its really not that different from what we're doing here in terms of the expected response rate in the control arms which we expect to be very low in both studies.
Eun Yang -- Jefferies & Co.: Great. And my last question is between COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II. COMFORT-I is the measurement  the spleen size reduction was measured at 24 weeks whereas the COMFORT-II is 48 weeks. So, why is there a difference in terms of the measurement time period?
Rich Levy: So the reason is you're dealing with two different health authorities and the FDA wanted 24 weeks and the EMEA wanted 48 weeks. But let me also clarify that, it not just that we get MRIs just at that time point. And we get them essentially every 12 weeks in both studies, the time that we will be able to file in Europe is when you have the 48-week data. And you can file earlier in the US. So as Paul has said in response to a prior question as to whether or not we needed COMFORT-II to complete before we file in the US and, again, the answer is no. There will be MRI data from COMFORT-II at 24 weeks on most of the patients in the study at the time that we file in the US.
Eun Yang -- Jefferies & Co.: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Lucy Lu with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Lucy Lu  Citigroup: Great. Thank you. Wanted just to get some comments on whether there are any functional endpoints at all in COMFORT-I or COMFORT-II. If so what are they? And I have a follow up. Thank you.
Paul Friedman: So obviously we're measuring symptoms with the MFSAF and there are also some other questions that we're asking. But in terms of actual measurement like six-minute walk test, we're not doing those in either COMFORT-I or COMFORT-II. We will, however, be presenting -- we intend to present at ASH some more detailed results on some of the functional endpoints such as the six-minute walk test.
Lucy Lu  Citigroup: And the second question is, just the criteria for continuing -- for patients to continue in COMFORT-I study if after 24 weeks someone who's on the active drug doesn't have the spleen reduction of 35%, do they continue -- do they have the option to continue in the study or do they automatically ask to leave the study? I just wanted to understand how that works.
Rich Levy: Thats not the way that it works. Patients are allowed to stay on drug as long as in the view of the investigator they're continuing to receive benefit. And even though the primary endpoint is a 35% reduction in spleen size, we are defining that as a threshold for having some benefits.
Lucy Lu  Citigroup: All right. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question is coming from Liisa Bayko with JMP Asset Management. Please state your question.
Liisa Bayko -- JMP Asset Management: Hi, congratulations on achieving SPA.
Paul Friedman: Thank you.
Liisa Bayko -- JMP Asset Management: I just wanted to turn to the psoriasis program. We've got the data coming up later in the summer. Perhaps can you just give us a sense of what to expect and put into context what you would consider to be promising data from that program?
Paul Friedman: Do want to answer that one?
Rich Levy: Sure. I'll be happy to. I mean, I'm not going to go into quantitative numbers per se, but let me refresh a little bit of what we're doing and what some of the historical data is. So first of all, it's a 200-patient study, we're looking at vehicle and then three different once-a-day strengths of 424 applied topically. And the endpoints are based on both percentage of patients who have a 50% reduction in total lesion score as well as the percentage of patients who achieved clear or almost clear. Recently approved topicals have used a primary endpoint in the registration studies that present clear or almost clear. And drugs -- recently approved drugs have gotten approved with about 20% clear or almost clear. So we would like to be at least being as good as recently approved drugs and hopefully better.
Liisa Bayko -- JMP Asset Management: Thats helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: We do have a follow-up coming from Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird. Please state your question.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Thanks for the follow up. Just on the design of COMFORT-I, can you give any additional color on the placebo crossover, what would dictate that? And kind of how the design and the powering account for potential for patients to crossover?
Rich Levy: Okay. So there are two different ways that you can crossover. You can crossover when everybody gets to crossover, which is essentially following the primary analysis so that we then become unblinded to the patient. But before that individual patients can crossover early if two things happen. One is that they have documented significant increase in their spleen size by MRI accompanied by significant symptoms that are associated with splenomegaly. So that you can't simply say, I feel worse, I want to crossover and have that potentially ruin the study. There has to be objective evidence to go along with it. Plus just simply having a spleen grow that is not associated with symptoms is also not acceptable. And in terms of how that affects powering, it really doesn't because anybody who has to crossover early is considered a non-responder in the primary analysis. Obviously if their spleen has to grow they're not going to be 35% down. But they can stop early if they've met those criteria. We don't expect the number -- we expect the number of patient eligible for early crossover to be relatively small.
Tom Russo  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks, Rich.
Rich Levy: You are welcome.
Operator: Gentlemen, we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Paul Friedman: This is Paul. Thanks for your attention this morning. Just to summarize and put these two studies into perspective. We've presented now multiple times this ongoing Phase 2 data initially looking simply at palpation of spleen and then showing you I think at least twice in data that we've presented and I think we'll present again, the very nice correlation you get with volumetric measurement. The key is at tolerated doses and 15 BID we get maybe 50% of patients who get a durable, very durable greater than 35% decrease in spleen size. Control groups, that simply is not going to happen -- an occasional patient, but it's going to be a rare event. And so unless we get some off the wall safety issue you have to remember we've had people now on this drug for over two years. Some of them on a higher dose than the doses that we are using in COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II. Doses that have demonstrated this greater than 35% durable reduction in spleen size, that these studies should have an extremely high probability of being positive. And so we are very gratified that we're getting them both started, and finally reaching agreement with the FDA on the SPA. And our business now is to do some business and to take away the debt overhang. And you can be certain that we are peddling quite rapidly in both those arenas. And so stay tuned and we look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress over the next few months. And thanks again for listening to us this morning. With that we'll end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul A. Friedman, M.D. - President and Chief Executive Officer David C. Hastings - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard S. Levy M.D. - Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer
Analysts: Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Company Arlinda Lee - FTN Equity Capital Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation First Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you, Miss Murphy. You may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. On the call today are Paul Freidman, Incyte's President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. Paul will start with a brief review of our lead program and Dave will follow with a quick summary of our first quarter financial results. We'll then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, we'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today, including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug development program, timing of our clinical trials and the potential efficacy of our compound as well as our expected financial results and financial guidance are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: Good morning everyone. We've had a productive first quarter and looking forward to a number of important events over the next few months. These include the initiation of our Phase III registration trials for INCB18424 in patients with myelofibrosis. Final results from the three month Phase IIb trial of topical 18424 in psoriasis, the dosing of the first patient in a six month Phase II trial for INCB28050 in rheumatoid arthritis and the final results from our three months Phase IIb trial with INCB13739 in type 2 diabetes. With respect to these pending events for 18424 for treatment of myelofibrosis, as we've stated before, we have resubmitted the SPA and expect to hear back from the FDA soon. If the FDA agrees with our submission, we remain in a position to start our pivotal Phase III in the first half of the year. We have over 70 sites set up to participate in this trial and coincidently about the same number for the European registration trial. We anticipate that the European trial will also begin within the next month or so. We continue to believe it will take about six months to enroll each of these studies. For 424 in polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia, later this year at ASH, we expect to present data from our ongoing Phase II trial. This study is fully enrolled and we're encouraged by the results we've thus far seen both in terms of safety and efficacy. Regarding the Phase IIb study using topical 424 in psoriases; we look forward to having results late this summer. For 28050, our oral JAK inhibitor for inflammation, we started screening subjects this week for a six month Phase II trial in Rheumatoid arthritis patients. Dosing should begin in the last week of this month and we expect to have results of the trial in the first half of 2010. With respect to Incyte 13739, we have just heard back from ADA that the abstract which you'll remember was submitted back in March based on the interim analysis that we did was accepted for this year's late breaking clinical therapeutics poster session at ADA on June 7th in New Orleans. All patients have now completed the trial and we expect to have the final data in early June in time for ADA. Now turning to our partnering efforts for the JAK oncology program. It remains our intent to keep North American rights, but as we've said before we would consider an ex-U.S. alliance if the deal terms were attractive. The strong rest of the world partner could certainly help us rapidly optimize the NPD opportunity for 424 as well as improve our financial position. For the JAK Inflammation program, we could do a broad global licensing deal or there maybe opportunities in which we could retain certain indications and or sharing downstream economics. So in completing my opening remarks, while we don't have a lot of new news to report to you today, we've had a productive quarter and set us up for a very eventful next few months. So I'll turn the call over to Dave Hastings now, who will walk through a quick review of our first quarter financial results.
David C. Hastings: Thanks Paul and good morning everybody. I'll start my brief review this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the first quarter with 175.6 million in cash and investments and our cash use this quarter was 42.2 million. This performance is right on plan and our cash use guidance for the year remain unchanged in the range of 122 to 128 million. As always, this guidance excludes funds that could be received from any potential partners this year. Another area I'd like to briefly discuss this morning is our operating expenses, particularly R&D costs. Our operating expenses for the quarter were in line with our expectations. R&D expense totaled 29.6 million which is lower than 2008's first quarter R&D expense and reflects our intent to focus on spending on programs that we feel have the greatest likelihood of creating near term value. Finally, in terms of our overall capital structure, we understand and appreciate that our convertible note balance represents a significant financial overhang. They are various alternatives and strategies available to us to restructure or reduce the notes, and while it's not appropriate to openly discuss all our options and strategic plans, the steps we take to deal with the debt will be focused on maximizing shareholder value. So with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul A. Friedman, M.D.: Okay. Thanks Dave. Operator, we can now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mona Ashaya with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan: Hi good morning. I'm here for Cory. A couple of questions. One on the acceptance of 13739 data for ADA. Is it safe to assume that you wouldn't have pushed this if you weren't excited about the findings from the interim analysis?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: I think that is a safe assumption. But that interim analysis was done on about 35% of the patients who ultimately enrolled in the study. So I think it would be prudent to not make assumptions until we get the final data set very early in June.
Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan: Okay. And then my second question is, so it sounds like in the SPA, the second iteration is ramping up and I wonder if you could speak to how much the trial design might have changed to what you had originally envisioned. Is it similar to what you had spoken about earlier?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Well, I don't want to get into that until we get agreement from the FDA.
Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan: Okay.
Paul Friedman, M.D.: I think if they agree with our resubmitted SPA we'll able to start pivotal and I think at that point in time we will provide you with a very clear description of what we're doing. Suffice it to say we are still anticipating completing the study and filing the NDA in late 2010 or early 2011.
Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan: Okay.
Paul Friedman, M.D.: But I just think it's not prudent to be talking about things that the FDA is reviewing. I'd rather wait until we get the feedback from them.
Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan: Okay. Fair enough. And then my last question is, you've spoken about potentially partnering your early stage oncology assets. And I wonder if you could just provide an update and maybe speak about how much of a priority that is at this point?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: You mean c-MET and sheddase?
Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan: Yes.
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Yes. Well, I think for c-MET if we could find an appropriate partner that... we think we have the best molecule of the c-MET inhibitors. There has been a fair amount of interest and it is a reasonably high priority for us. But if you think about the other things that we talked about partnering and our balance sheet issues, it doesn't move the needle as a pre-clinical entity in a way that an inflam deal or an MPD deal could do because such programs are significantly farther along. With respect to sheddase, I think until we finish the study that we're currently doing in combination with Herceptin in metastatic breast cancer, I think that program will be... I think it will be hard to get the value that it would have, should that study end up positive as the early results suggest it could. So, those were the two early programs. So we have the IDO program, we've not attempted to partner at this point in time.
Mona Ashaya - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First one is just on the partnership stuff. So, in the prepared comments you focused on the partnership for JAK II in the hematologic indication. You didn't mention the inflam partnership progress. Should we assume that if on the oncology side where you've gotten the most interest in where things have moved along the fastest?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: I did. Actually I did. Let me read it again. I said for the JAK inflammation program we could do a broad global licensing deal or there may be opportunities in which we could retain certain indications and or share downstream economics. There is a lot of interest in that program.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And have you encountered any issues there in terms of splitting out the JAK by indications? Have partners raised it all that as an issue?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: I think that's kind of difficult for me to get into at this point in time. I mean the fact that you ask it, I think because the molecules are different that we're going forward with. I think we've minimized that issue but I don't think I can comment any further on that at this point in time.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: And just scanning through the OpCo (ph) abstracts, the presentation that that Rubin Mace is making, is that based on a cohort of your patients?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Rich, you want to answer that?
Richard Levy M.D.: It's based on a combination of two data sets, all from Mayo. One are the base line patients that were enrolled ... based line data on the patients were enrolled involved in our study and then there is the second group of patients that were not enrolled in our study, they also have data. There is no data in that abstract or in the presentation on the results of treatment with 424 in terms of improvement in six minute lock test. We'll most likely present that data assuming we get an abstract accepted at ASH for December.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: So, it is no data at the European Hematology Conference on what this other co-primary endpoint might be?
Richard Levy M.D.: We decided that we've been presenting quite a bit on this program and that it was better to wait until ASH to do update a year later. So we will talk once we define exactly what the agreement with the FDA is about the endpoints as well as the data that we have, that suggest that those endpoints would be easily achievable. But not in a scientific presentation in the first half of this year.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just lastly on the PVET trial. You had shared with us some insights into the early patients who have been going enrolled during the last call. Do the data now that the trial's fully enrolled still about consistent with those early findings?
Richard Levy M.D.: Yes, they do.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Russo with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please state your question.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Company: Good morning. I was just wondering, after you got the interim results for 739, did you at that time reach back out to some for the partners you talked to in the past or did they reach back to you at that time.
Paul Friedman, M.D.: So what we decided, remember because... I think mainly because a lot of Exubera trials never got done, we were able to enroll the study significantly faster than we had anticipated. So when we looked at where we were with respect to the final data versus the interim analysis, we were close enough to having the final data that we saw that was going to be essentially not a good use of our business development time to go out and reengage everybody with data. We're in the process of reengaging and we've never disengaged with some people. But we thought we would wait for the final data because it was only like seven more weeks that you had to wait. So, that's kind of where we are. We started to wait until early June before getting back to people.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Company: It sounds like you'll have all that data before the ADA meeting. I guess is the logical place to begin those partnership talks again and would we see all that data at that time? Or we just going to see the interim data?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: You'll see the data from the study. I mean, that's the idea. We used the interim data to write the abstract, but we should have all the data from the study collated and ready for the ADA presentation by early June.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay. And then with 424 in Europe, is the only thing left before starting to get the SPA in U.S. agree to, so that the two trials will look the same or is there anything else that has to happen in Europe before you could start?
Richard Levy M.D.: There is nothing else that needs to happen in Europe other than that the INPD's are still pending approval in some countries and have been approved in others. So that's completely independent of the FDA review.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay. And then real quick for Dave, the pattern of R&D, there was a comment in the press release over the remainder of the year. So, just how lumpy should that look or will it look more flat and lumpy the rest of this year?
David Hastings: It should look pretty flat this year, Tom.
Thomas Russo - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Arlinda Lee with FTN Equity Capital. Please state your question
Arlinda Lee - FTN Equity Capital: Hi, this is Alinda sitting in for Josh Schimmer. The question is the thing is to how to value converter likely close to as low as they will ever get. Have you attempted to repurchase any of the notes on favorable terms, and if not, why not?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Yeah, I appreciate the question. I think as I mentioned in my script I don't want to disadvantage us in terms of getting into details about our strategies around the convertible notes. I just want to assure you that any actions we take would obviously we want to focus on maximizing shareholder values. So I don't really want to give you a play by play there on that particular set of strategies.
Arlinda Lee - FTN Equity Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please state your question.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Thanks for taking my question. I'm a little less familiar with potential FDA responses to SPAs and I guess I'm wondering if you could kind of outline what the potential outcomes are when you hear back from the FDA later this month. Is it black and white either except all changes or just reject your amendment or is there potential for some middle ground and if so, how do you move forward under any of those scenarios?
Richard Levy M.D.: So, in practice there is middle ground because the FDA doesn't really want to be in a position where for a minor, minor tweak to a sentence or something like that their going to reject an FDA and say you need to fix this sentence and start again. So that's an extreme example of course. So, whereas, they have the legal right to simply say yes or no and then give the comments as to what needs to be changed and then ask for another submission if it's closed but the practices that they'll usually meet with the company either right before the deadline or come back at the time of the deadline and ask for a couple of extra days to try to work out the extra details and give an approval. So it's not completely black or white. If you're far off, so you're obviously not going to get just a quick meeting to fix everything up. Since we've been through this process once with them already including having meetings in response to the first SPA, we're pretty optimistic that we either get approval or be in a position where these small changes can be quickly made and not have to resubmit.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: So, it' possible that we might not hear anything in mid May but rather a couple weeks later if you still ironing out some minor details?
Richard Levy M.D.: It's possible but my feeling is, I'm pretty optimistic that we will be able to talk to you in the second half of May.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: And then a question on 424 in the topical version in psoriasis. Could you just talk a little bit about what type of profile you think is today attractive in terms of efficacy for a topical agent?
Richard Levy M.D.: So first of all topical agent has to be pretty safe. I mean that's clear. In terms of efficacy, if you look at the vitamin-D and vitamin-A analogs, the typical primary endpoint for approval now for topical is an investigator's assessment clear or almost clear and generally with those products you get responses in the 20% range. In fact, there was drug approved within the last year that I think had about 23% clear or almost clear. So, I think that's about the minimum that you need to see and obviously you'd like to have advantages over what's out there.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Please state your question.
Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Can you just maybe review with us how you're going to communicate the design of the Phase III once you achieve an SPA. Would that just be informal or will you put out a press release? What should we expect?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Well, we're still thinking about the most optimal way to do that. And both of the possibility that you mentioned are being considered what we haven't finalized how we're going do it yet.
Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Okay. And just in the off-chance (ph) that you're sort of far away from FDA in terms of what they want to see in a trial. Are you committed to an SPA or if you can't reach an agreement would you just go ahead regardless?
Paul Friedman, M.D.: We very much like to have the SPA. We are not wedded to it.
Lisa Bayko - JMP Securities: Okay, fair enough. And then.... I think that's actually the majority of my questions. Thanks.
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to go back to, Dave, a comment that you had made a little bit earlier about R&D being flat for the remainder of the year. I guess with the burn being some $40 million in the first quarter, can you just help us reconcile that against the cash burn guidance for the year and the R&D spend being flat from the first quarter. How do we actually get to the cash burn then?
David Hastings: Yeah, you have a little bit of a reverse hockey stick in our burn. So Q1 is seasonally the highest quarter for our burn. We pay our interest and our notes and plus we pay a lot of our working capital down in Q1.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Okay. So it's all in the cash flow statement, interest and working capital and a one-time payment on all the interest due on the...
David Hastings: We make two payments a year.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Two payments a year. Okay, great. Thanks.
David Hastings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference back to management for closing comments.
Paul Friedman, M.D.: Thank you all for joining us this morning. As I said I think we are making good progress in the clinical programs. Clearly, our top priorities is to begin the registration trials in myelofibrosis and to improve our financial position by partnering one or more than one of our programs. I look forward to keeping you informed of our progress over the next few months. And with that, let's end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Paul A. Friedman - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David C. Hastings - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Richard Levy - Senior Vice President of Development Pat Andrews - Executive VP for Commercial Operations 
Analysts:  Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Eun Yang  Jeffries and Company Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC Analyst for Sapna Srivastava - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Incyte Corporations fourth quarter 2008 financial results and 2009 financial guidance. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you, Ms. Murphy you may begin.
Pamela M. Murphy:  Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Levy, Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer. Paul will begin with a brief update on the program with the progress weve made in our clinical program and Dave will follow with a review of our fourth quarter financial results and 2009 financial guidance. Well then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, Id like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug discovery and development programs, including timing of our clinical trials and the potential efficacy of our compounds as well as our expected financial results and financial guidance are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul A. Friedman: Good morning I am going to start by bringing you up to date with respect to the INCB 18424 program and myelofibrosis; specifically where we stand with respect to beginning our registration studies in both the United States and in Europe, and then I will review what we expect to accomplish in 2009 for our other programs. In late December we submitted an SPA to the FDA for our registration trial in myelofibrosis and as we expected exactly 45 days from the date of submission of the SPA we received written comments from them. While the FDA agreed with most of what we proposed in the SPA I would say a high proportion or majority again as we expected in this first round they did make a number of suggestions for us to consider many of which we will simply accept. There is a couple for which we wanted input from our lead investigators to help us determine the best responses to these suggestions. We have already received much of the feedback from the investigators and the remainder is expected promptly.  The key message here is that while we may choose to further discuss or negotiate one or more of the FDAs suggestions, we are optimistic that all the remaining points with respect to the FDA can be resolved during the next round of the SPA process. This would keep us on schedule for starting the study as originally planned in the first half of this year. I should mention as well that the registration study in Europe also remains on track.  While it is frustrating for me and I know for you that we have to remain more opaque with respect to the specifics of the SPA than we wish, it is simply not appropriate at this stage for us to be more detailed on the protocol until it is finalized both with our investigators and with the FDA. I promise you as soon as it is, we will provide you with all the relevant details. Finally for this topic, we continue to work aggressively to prepare for the study initiations. We have been working with well over a hundred potential clinical sites in the United States, Canada and Europe so that once protocols are finalized we should be able to rapidly activate participating sites and begin enrolling patients. Moving to the Phase II trial we are conducting in the other two myeloproliferative disease, polycythemia vera, and essential thrombocythemia. We have now enrolled about 50 patients, the trial is progressing well and we are quite encouraged by the initial results. We expect to present data at a scientific meeting later this year and it will most likely be at [15:58].  For the oral anti-inflammatory indications, as we indicated in this mornings press release we have selected INCB 28050 as our lead compound. In one month studies in rheumatoid arthritis patients, 28050 has shown excellent efficacy comparable to what we have seen with 424 and with its longer half life our intent is to develop 050 as a once a day treatment and more on track to begin a three month dose ranging Phase II trial in the second quarter. This is the outcome for which we had hoped as having a second JAK inhibitor allows us to have different compounds for [16:44] indications and for inflammatory diseases. It provides us with greater flexibility for partnering this program. To be able to most competitively evaluate the potential utility of the JAK inhibition in what is a wide range of inflammatory conditions, we have decided that it is appropriate to consider partnership options. By that I mean being able to evaluate the compound in parallel as much as possible as opposed to doing one inflammatory disease and then in series looking another one. This course of action seems prudent when you consider that our main competitor in the inflammation area with JAK inhibitors is the pan JAK Pfizer compound which although it is being given as a twice a day therapy is now in Phase III for rheumatoid arthritis and Pfizer has indicated that it plans in parallel to evaluate the compound in other inflammatory diseases. As you would expect there is a great deal of interest in our JAK inhibitor inflammation program amongst other companies and we have started dialogues with a number of them. With respect to the 424 topical programs, a 3 month Phase IIb trial in mild to moderate Psoriasis is fully enrolled with about 200 patients on study. We look forward to sharing the final data with you sometime this summer. With respect to our HSD1 inhibitor program for diabetes we expect to have final results from the 3 month Phase IIB dose ranging trial in the middle of this year. If the results are positive, our goal would be to use them to finalize a global partnership. Now for our Sheddase inhibitor INCB 7839 we continue to enroll breast cancer patients into a Phase II trial evaluating the compound in combination Herceptin. We plan to present the data from the trial in the second half of the year, most likely at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Meeting.  As I previously mentioned, INDs for both of our new oncology program cMET and IDO have been cleared but we are not planning on starting clinical trials unless we are able to bring in additional funding by partnering one or more of our other programs such as HSD1 and/or a JAK IV inflammation. This decision supports our objective which Dave will elaborate on momentarily to reduce our cash use in 2009 and focus intensively on programs that can generate the most near term value. I will now turn the call over to Dave Hastings down hill to take you through a quick review of our 2008 results and our 2009 financial guidance. 
David C. Hastings:  Thanks Paul and good morning everybody. As Paul mentioned I will start with a very brief overview of our year end financial results and then I will provide financial guidance for 2009. Our ending cash at December 31, 2008 was approximately $218 million. During 2008 we used approximately $141 million cash which was in line with our guidance. Our operating expenses including R&D expense were also in line with our expectations as we continued our investments on our key clinical programs while closely managing our G&A expenses. We will now turn to our 2009 financial guidance. We are focused on managing expenses very tightly and prioritize our spending in 2009 and we will continue to invest in our key clinical programs but discontinue spending in our non core programs. As a result our cash use in 2009 is expected to decrease and will range from $122 million to $128 million. This guidance includes the use of approximately $5 million for net lease related cost in our closed California facilities and does not include any funds we could received from future collaborations. Another area I would like to briefly discuss this morning is our operating expenses, particularly research and development costs. Thus far operating expenses are in line with our expectations. R&D expense totaled $71.1 million and although our R&D expenses can vary from quarter to quarter due to the timing of our clinical activities, were on track to incur between $140 million and $148 million for the year. Our R&D spending reflects our commitment to invest in the clinical pipeline which you saw today continued to make excellent progress. We expect our 2009 revenue to be in the range of $2 million to $3 million. And again this guidance excludes any revenue that would be recognized from future partnerships or collaborations. We expect our R&D expense to range from $115 million to $120 million in 2009 including a non cash expense of $7 million to $9 million related to the impact of expense in stock options. As I previously mentioned in the cash guidance, decreased R&D expense in 2009 versus 2008 is directly related to our prioritization of our clinical programs. We expect Selling, General and Administrative expenses to be in the range of $21 million to $23 million in 2009 including a non cash expense of $3 million to $4 million related to the impact of expense in stock options. Our increase in SG&A is directly related to expenses associated with our initial sales and marketing preparations for the commercialization of 424 myeloproliferative disorders. In terms of other income expenses, we expect interest income to be in the range of $1 million to $2 million in 2009 while interest expense is expected to be approximately #26 million. As a reminder the $26 million includes a non cash expense of $11 million related to the amortization of the original issued discount on our 3.5% convertible senior notes. With that I will turn the call back to Paul.
Paul A. Friedman: Thanks Dave and so operator we can now open up the call for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Paul recognizing that there is a limited amount you can say with regard to your interactions with FDA and the SPA, can you just comment on whether there is any disagreement on the basic design that you laid out, I think in December and the co primary endpoints that you suggested?
Paul A. Friedman:  The vast majority of what is in the SPA they have agreed with, we have some discussions going on about certain analysis and certain things that bear on the endpoints but we are in very good shape and what I do not want to do is lay out where we are in the discussions because I do not know for sure how it is going end up but we are very confident that we will be on our way to doing the registration study in the time frame that we originally laid out. 
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: At this point what would you expect in terms of enrollment to complete the enrollment for Phase III across all the sites that you mentioned earlier?
Paul A. Friedman: You mean in terms of time?
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yes time to complete enrollment.
Richard Levy: Yes about 6 months.
Paul A. Friedman: Yes Rich just confirmed what we have said before. We think it would be about 6 months. 
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Lastly can you comment on just some additional color on what kind of sales and marketing preparation work is in the plans for 2009 for 424 and myelofibrosis?
Paul A. Friedman: We just had come into the room our new Executive VP for Commercial Operations, Pat Andrews and so I will let her comment on that.
Pat Andrews:  Good morning everyone. We have to build an infrastructure for in site to be able to successfully launch 424 and myelofibrosis and we have also have to do all of the standards marketing to prepare the market for that which includes a lot of market research. It includes identifying target audiences. It includes things along these lines. The infrastructure is a very important part, identifying vendors who will able to provide the services that we need. They are very cost effective way. Those will be the main plans that we are working on for 2009.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with J.P. Morgan Chase. 
Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan Chase: I guess I will skip any SG&A related questions and save you there but as far as 050 is concerned, Paul you have indicated in the past that in addition to waiting on some of the data from those one month cohort studies you were also waiting on the long term animal studies, have you in fact gotten a part of [26:21] the decision to proceed with 050?
Paul A. Friedman: Yes we have dog and rat 6-month results which are reassuring and indicate that we have room to move in those ranging studies that we were hoping to have. So we had to have that plus the early good looking RA results in the one month studies and we have both.
Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan.:
Paul A. Friedman: It is unprecedented. I really do mean that from a mid to large tech companies, you can figure that they are to your classical bigwig pharmaceutical companies. This is, I believe a once in a lifetime opportunity to find an oral agent that looks as good if not better than the [NDTNS]. If you will have one in your stable and you want to be or you are in the inflammatory disease area, you have to be interested in this. That the kind of interests that we are seeing.
Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan.: Also form a partnering standpoint with regards to the HSD1, could you also characterize discussions there, the FDA update in the draft guidance for diabetes trials.
Paul A. Friedman:  Remember what we have said is that we are going to do an interim analysis that will  not be made public. We have not done that yet. We are coming up on it and at that time we will reinitiate talks with the companies who wanted to see the 3-month data plus some who we did not interact with the first time around. So we are waiting for that.  With respect to the FDA guidelines, I am not sure if they are written in stone yet but they are likely to be accepted. The characteristics of the HSD1 inhibitor are precisely what the FDA guidelines would hope a compound would have. In other words the worry here is obviously that the [glutazones] in particular seem to if anything exacerbates cardio- vascular risk and we could debate mechanistically how that happens, but the HSD mechanism is compatible with a lowering of hemoglobin A1c plus the kinds of cardio protective changes in people.  People with the metabolic syndrome, for example that would be cardio protective and therefore would not expect unless you got unlucky in Phase III study to see a signal which would then make it necessary to do this larger trials and possibly have some delay in getting registered that you would have with the compound where you get the signal. I mean we have seen statistically significant lowering of LDL Cholesterol, Total Cholesterol, trans and triglycerides. We have seen blood pressure lowering but systolic and diastolic. We have seen the weight gain.  It is the reverse of what you see when you put in the HSD gene into a transgenic animal and have it expressed, in fact, you create the metabolic syndrome and so what you are doing here is you are reversing the metabolic syndrome. So if I were a business development or a thought leader at a company that is in the diabetes business this would be the kind of compound that I would want to have and for that reason, despite those guidelines, I would think this would be a very attractive program. As long as the interim analysis shows what we are anticipating it is going to show.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: I just wanted to confirm on the 424 for myelofibrosis that the basic design of the trials, the duration, the size of the trial is unaffected by this point that the FDA has come back to you with.
Paul A. Friedman:  Tom I am not going to get into the details. I will say that we said 6 months to recruit trials and it is going to be about the same size. There are good firm end points and we are quite confident that we will be able to resolve the few issues that you will always get the first time that the SPA response comes back. 
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray:  Ok that is fair. For the HSD1 program, can you just remind us what the trial is actually powered to sow on A1c? What would you consider the minimum threshold for success? 
Paul A. Friedman:  You have to realize the kinds of patients that come into trials these days do not come in nothing so they tend to have lower hemoglobin A1cs than in the olden days. You know when people would come in with 10s and 11s; they tend to come in the 8s now or even the 7s. You are not going to see in most people to present changes. You are looking for, I would say, you would like to see something at least half a percent or greater. If you look at what the DPT4S do for example, they are in that range but if you had that or more plus the good lipid effects, no weight gain and in fact the blood pressure lowering I would say that would be a pretty interesting profile. Rich what do you think?
Richard Levy:  Yes I agree there have been studies with for example that is now showing about 0.4% wherein earlier studies showed 0.6% to 0.7% simply because the patient population has changed. We are looking and we are very comfortable with the 0.5%.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: If for some reason the interim analysis did not meet your expectations, would you tell us next month if you would consider that to be a material event?
Paul A. Friedman: I think if there were dead blanks which it isnt going to be, we would probably pull the plug on it and tell you but if we saw 0.48% Hemoglobin A1c or 0.486% or something like that, probably not we will keep running the study. What I will tell you and I expect to be able to tell you this is that we have reinitiated talks with the companies which should give you some feeling that we are seeing something.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: That is helpful and then just lastly on the PDET trial, what did you mean by initial encouraging data? What sort of feedback are you getting from the first 50 patients who have been enrolled?
Paul A. Friedman: It actually is interesting. I do not see any great harm in saying that it is pretty interesting. It is small number of patients and the way the study is designed is a dose ranging study for the first 2 months and what that means I, it is the same thing we did in myelofibrosis because this is the way the investigators wanted to design the study. It does not allow you to make dose adjustments unless there is safety issue for the first two months.  So we have had a couple of people who came into the study who had borderline hemoglobin who were on a high dose in their hemoglobin belts right below Grade 1, those would be people who you would, in real life, start on a lower dose. These were people with ET not with PV as I recall. The majority of the people in the study have done remarkably well. We normalized their blood counts. People who have been phlebotomy dependent have all required no phlebotomies since they have been on the drug.  As you would expect if they have big spleens, their spleen shrink and if they have constitutional symptoms they are dramatically relieved just like they were in the myelofibrosis patients. We expected that. What we were looking for beyond that was normalization of counts. So we are becoming more and more confident that with the same kind of dosing regimen that you would use, that we are using in the myelofibrosis trials where you can dose adjust in amore facile way than the current PBET study design allows. The vast majority of patients are going to be controllable with respect to their counts and their phlebotomy needs as well as with respect to their organomegaly in their constitutional symptoms. The early results are pretty exciting.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray:  Aside from the hemoglobin issue and what sounds like a couple of patients that you mentioned on ET side does it seem like the therapeutic is wider in this population?
Paul A. Friedman: I would say yes because the counts are higher. I would not even call them side effects. I would call them variability in measurements from time to time so we have had a couple of people who had hematocrit of 31 and they had a 29.5 that sort of thing but you probably would not just randomize them to a high dose. If you were dose adjusting, you would start them on a lower dose when they came in to your office and then you would work your way up.  We have seen nothing again except for that and it would look like that these people, because their marrows are hyper-proliferative mainly although some of them can be either just phlebotomized or they can be close to going over the myelofibrosis but the majority of them have quite active marrows and so they are more resistant to the toxic potential of JAK suppression that you see in the myelofibrosis patients if you dose too high.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC:  I just wanted to see if maybe you could give us a flavor as to the design of the RA trial now that you have identified the [39:43] that you are going to take forward and a little more about the dosage that you are going to explore.
Richard Levy:  As Paul said earlier, all the doses that we are going to be exploring are once a day. The drug has longer half life and it is really good as a once a day drug. This trial is really a two part trial. The first part is a relatively small, approximately 100 patients, three dose and placebo with an interim analysis that will do around the end of the yea.  At that point we will either expand some or all of the doses or potentially add higher or lower doses if by chance the ones we take so far were not exactly ideal but we are pretty confident with the doses. I would say that all of the doses are 10 milligrams, once a day or less. They are more potent, it has the longer half life than 424 so the actual number of milligrams per day is quite a bit less. 
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC:  So it is 10, 5 and 2 or what are the doses you are trying?
Richard Levy: It is for 7 and 10. 
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC:  And then the second trial?
Richard Levy:  We are only doing one study but it is two parts. The trial would exactly be a much larger, less trial we do before we start Phase III with probably about 300 additional patients added to the Phase IIB study that we have a really robust data set and no issues would go into Phase III.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC: Can you talk about background therapy and all that kind of stuff?
Richard Levy:  I think that is going to be patients who have failed the marks and often will be on the D mark mostly [41:36] stage but others would still be allowed but patients do not have [41:41] although I believe tat they are not excluded from this study. No one would be on anything like a T&F.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC:  How many sites? 
Richard Levy:  I am not actually familiar with all those details at this point. My team is but I do not have that number at hand.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC: When do you think you are going to start this specifically?
Richard Levy:  Mid second quarter
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC: And then a question for David, have you begun to think about addressing or restructuring an element of the balance sheet and can you just comment on your progress on that.
David C. Hastings: Yes, certainly managing our capital structure is a key objective for us in 2009. On the convert side if you know they are doing a couple of years but because of their size and significance we will take advantage any opportunity that we see to reduce structure those. I do not want to get into all the details of that but there are various alternative strategies we could seek and we will obviously look to that when the opportunity strikes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eun Yang with Jeffries and Company
Eun Yang with Jeffries and Company:  Regarding the follow on JAK inhibitor, now that you are planning to start the 30 month dose ranging sometime in the second quarter, in terms of the partnering options, does that depend on the interim analysis that you are planning at the end of this year?\
Paul A. Friedman:  It may or it may not. It depends on what people are willing to put on the table. If you just think about this logically, we have got at one month with both compounds; we have results which look better than what you see with anything at six weeks. Our data look a little better than what you see with the Pfizer compound at six weeks. The Pfizer compound is a little dirtier than our compound. They successfully completed three months studies and are now in Phase III.  We have six month animal toxicology and the data at three months with Pfizer looked somewhat better than at one month. It did not look as much better three months as it did as you see that the change with any T&F because I think you get the effect, you get dramatic effects quicker with the JAK compound which you would expect improvement at three months.  If you were on the other side of the negotiating table and you are willing and able to connect all those dots which is not to hard to do, you should expect that the Incyte people would be looking for a Phase IIB type deal and we can get that now probably we would do the deal because we would like to be able to begin to explore things like inflammatory valve disease and ocular indications, anterior [Inaudible] for example, dry eye and systemic psoriasis things that we can do but we do not have the money to do them all in parallel.  You have also have to consider what is that worth in maybe you take a slight discount to the absolute deal that you could get with the post Phase IIB data but it would go that far if we do not get the terms that we are looking for. I can tell you that with the level of interests that we have in the program. The number of companies that are interested in it that we expect to be in an auction like process which should also give us a fair amount of leverage to maximize deal terms.
Eun Yang with Jeffries and Company: The second question on the diabetes product 739, if the data from Phase IIB studies is not up to your expectation, would you plan to move it with the follow on program to continue the diabetes program at Incyte?
Paul A. Friedman: No, as we have matured here and evolved, we have decided not to continue with any other metabolic disease programs with the possible exception of doing something with HM 74 A in the future. If this particular compound does not work then the HSD mechanism is bogus. The early data says it works. All the animal results say it works. Its been safe and we get low doses, once a day. You couldnt ask for anything more appropriate to test the hypothesis or to take to market if the thing works.  Our feeling is that if this does not work then HSD is not a mechanism that is useful in diabetes. I will say as one side view of this, we believe that one of our competitors developed their HSD compound not in their metabolism group but in their cardiovascular group and took their compound in for a cardiovascular indication and not for type II diabetes.  Whether that was as a lipid agent and/or any hypertensive it is not completely clear to us but that is an avenue that we do not anticipate we are going to have to explore but the hemoglobin A1c results are about as binary as they could get but they are not absolutely binary because if you were disappointed there but you still have really good lipid results and/or blood pressure results you could see that there still might be a more limited number of potential partners who would be interested in the mechanism.  So we just have to wait until we do the interim analysis but we expect we are going to see an adequate amount of hemoglobin A1c lowering on top of those other attributes.
Eun Yang with Jeffries and Company: The follow on to that then is in your partnership discussions for this product, does that also include a potential for cardiovascular indication?
Paul A. Friedman: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sapna Srivastava - Morgan Stanley
Analyst for Sapna Srivastava - Morgan Stanley: Hi this is Dave calling in for Sapna. Just a question on the launch preparations for 424, I was wondering if you could talk about what you think the overall costs are to get a US launch up and running and if you arte still thinking about partnerships for that program either in the US or Europe.
Paul A. Friedman: I will let the others talk about how granular we want to be about the costs but we have said that we definitely do not want a partner in North America. We are preparing to launch the drug ourselves and are quite confident that we can do that and we think that if we are going to grow up to be something we have to become fully integrated somewhere and this is our shot.  The European rights areif you had a way of retaining them and effectively selling either with a rent-a-force or your own sales force, the numbers look better than if you get yourself a partner to do it there. What we do in Europe really depends on discussions that we have with people about the program and there are multiple options for what we could do in Europe.  Since the European sales of this kind of agent are higher than those in the United States then you have to look at what your margins are going to be before you can make that decision and I can assure you that we have multiple options from one end of the spectrum to other on the table and they are all being looked into now and by looked into I mean actively not just sitting at a desk and talking about it. We cannot tell you at this point what would be best for us in Europe. I can tell you unequivocally that in North America we are going to sell the compound ourselves. So I would have Pat elaborate.
Pat Andrews: Okay. Preparation for launch is centered on really understanding the market and the need to what the physicians want and how the patients come in for treatment and it is by fairly classic thing. Within that we believe that we will be able to prepare the market in a very cost effective way because there is a limited prescribing audience. It is a high unmet need. We are going to be the first to market by a couple of years.  The product worked very effectively. The physician audience is very active online and active in education so there is lots of ways to reach them. Ways that are very cost effective and the US itself has a remarkable vendor network in place that one can access for very specific that one needs and can do that very cost effectively.  I think when you consider a launch in the US of a new oncology product think of one that could be done in a highly cost effective way because it is targeted and that is about what we would probably need to spend. We are still working on the specifics of that and we would have a better idea next year on the level of infrastructure that we would build and own versus what we would go outside for. That is probably a year out to get a more precise answer for the US. We are working in parallel to prepare for Europe but again a very early stage analysis on that.  Our goal is to prepare for both and if turns out that we are able to proceed with Europe on our own, we would do that. If we are able to get superior offer to take our Europe and ex US rights we would certainly look into that.
Operator:  Our next question is a follow up from Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Just to touch again on the opportunity outside North America. Paul could you characterize the level of interest that you are receiving for that and if there is any catalyst that partners might be looking for, I am thinking along the lines of an SPA or similar regulatory step for Europe.
Paul A. Friedman: We have had really good discussions with the European regulatory agency and they have agreed fairly specifically how we would conduct the study and for how long. We have had and continue to have companies come in who have an interest in ex-North America rights.  Some of these companies are the ones that are already selling a compound in the same therapeutic class in Europe and in the rest of the world and the challenge that has been given to them is they are going to have to show us financially that what they are putting on the table reaches an indifference range to what we think we could make the profits if we embark on this ourselves, even considering what the cost of start up would be.
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Lastly on 050, I do not know if you have mentioned this earlier but it sounds as if you did collect ACR data in the Phase I trial. I was wondering if you could confirm that and also  When we might see that data, the details from the Phase I trial of 050?
Paul A. Friedman:  I will Rich elaborate but I do think at JP Morgan one of the slides had one of the cohorts of 050 on it. We showed them one of the cohorts because I think that was the one we completed at that time. You would see good number of ACR 50s, you would see ACR 70s and ACR 90 responses with this compound and that was once a day-10 milligrams once a day is what I think we showed. 
Richard Levy:  What Paul said is obviously correct. We did a couple of cohorts. We might do another one going forward and again we have collected AC information as well as docs which are basically types of thing and seen results comparable to what we saw before as we sat. In terms of actually presenting the data, we have not made decisions yet on this relatively small studies to whether or not it would be presented in the scientific session or whether it might just be presented by Paul in one of the conferences at one t]point in time. The data has not been submitted to any meeting at this point.
Paul A. Friedman: Let me correct myself. We had that slide in the JP Morgan presentation but we removed it so we have not shown the data. What I just told you is what you would see when we show you the data at 10 milligrams once-a-day.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Lucy Lu with Citigroup
Analyst for Lucy Lu with Citigroup: Paul you spoke about the need to prioritize and focus on the R&D programs. I was wondering your R&D 2009 guidance of 150 from 120 from 2008, probably about 20% less or so. I was wondering what is that guidance based on, is that based on the previous and the recent approach, maybe a new development on R&D thinking? Finally can you tell us if the guidance includes the [47:52] programs, the oncology programs CMET and the IDO compounds?
David C. Hastings: The reduced spending in R&D is directly related to prioritization of the pipeline so 90% of our development cost will be in the JAK programs so that is our focus on our highest value. That guidance does not include any investments in IDO or CMET.
Analyst for Lucy Lu with Citigroup: So you guys do not plan on taking in new trials or new programs for 2009?
David C. Hastings: That is correct. I would say in an ideal situation, if we were not trying to really conserve our money in this horrible market to make sure we get to launch in the best financial shape for us and our shareholders, we would move very aggressively with both of those programs.  Especially with the cMET program because the concept with the oxalises compound and with [Inaudible] compound and this is clearly a better compound both from a safety stand point, from the ability to get to met in the central nervous system and with respect to being able to atrophy without exceeding toxic levels at peak to be able at the IC90 concentration. It is really a very interesting compound and we are hoping that we can bring in cash in some kind of deal this year that will allow us to then aggressively move on that alternatively if someone was sufficiently interested in the program.  There may be some way of forming an early collaboration that would allow that program to move more quickly.
Analyst for Lucy Lu with Citigroup:
 : 
Paul A. Friedman: Chances of development are in the heart of the spending so we also have the discovery proportion as well.
Analyst for Lucy Lu with Citigroup: Is it pre committed, is there any more room for the cut if it needs be or is that basically committed for 2009 already? 
Paul A. Friedman:  Well there is always variability on the R&D line and I am depending on the status of enrollment and cash flow and billing from CROs but we do not want to be so rigid that we do not have built in flexibility either on our cash guidance or in our plans that as circumstances change we can do that but we try to plan specifically for the JAK inhibitor program to be pretty much on track and committed unless something changes.
Operator: This does conclude the Q&A I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Paul A. Friedman:  Thanks for spending some time with us this morning. We are excited and optimistic about the myelofibrosis opportunity. I think those of you who followed and saw the presentations of competitor compounds at ASH now realize that this compound is by far the best compound. It is not only ahead but it maybe the only one that is really viable. We just have a few pieces to cross and I stood pat with the agency before we embark on what I think what will be an exciting Phase III study that will lead to a successful product both financially but also something that will dramatically change the lives of the myelofibrosis patients who truly have nothing else at this stage.  We are looking forward to that as well. As soon as we crossed the tees and bat the eyes we will back to you with the relevant details of the registration study and I am cautiously optimistic that we will be doing that within the next couple of months with you. Thanks for tuning in and we will keep you informed of our progress as we go forward. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul A. Friedman - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David C. Hastings - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Richard Levy - Senior Vice President of Development
Analysts: Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Katherine Kim - Bank of America Securities Analyst for Sapna Srivastava - Morgan Stanley Annabel Samimy - UBS Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity Partners Rachel McMinn - Cowen and Company
Operator: Welcome to the Incyte Corporation second quarter 2008 financial results. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Pamela Murphy, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Pamela M. Murphy: On the call today are Paul Friedman, Incytes President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Hastings, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rich Levy, our Senior VP of Development, is also with us today. Paul will begin with a brief review of the progress weve made in our clinical program and Dave will follow with a discussion of Incytes second quarter financial results. Well then open up the call for Q&A. As you may have seen we issued a separate press release yesterday announcing our intent to offer to sell subject to market and other conditions 9 million shares of our common stock. As you can appreciate this is not something we will be able to discuss during the call today. Before beginning, Id like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug discovery and developments including timing of our clinical trials and the potential efficacy of our compounds as well as our expected financial results and financial guidance are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially including those described in our Form 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 and from time to time in our SEC documents.
Paul A. Friedman: As you saw in our press release, the second quarter was highlighted by presentations at scientific meetings on several of our lead compounds as well as the initiation of additional Phase II trials. The good side to big meetings provided a full description of our progress with the lead compounds. Im going to limit my prepared remarks today to very brief reviews of what was presented at those meetings and also list for you up-to-date ongoing and planned clinical trial activity for our lead programs. Beginning with Incyte 18424, our lead JAK inhibitor, it continues to demonstrate efficacy in the ongoing Phase II trial in patients with myelofibrosis. Results from the trial were presented at ASCO and also at the European Hematology Association meetings. In summary, 424 produced unprecedented reductions in splenomegaly which affects the majority of patients with myelofibrosis and rapidly improved quality of life measures including clinically meaningful reductions in fatigue, night sweats, and pruritus. Importantly, it also improved cachexia thats commonly seen in patients with this disease is demonstrated by improved appetite and weight gain. Enrollment of the study is being continued now that we have IRB approval for several amendments that we have put in to continue. Were continuing to confirm an optimal dosing regimen and select the co-primary endpoint for the registration trials. Later this year, once weve completed these two objectives, we plan to file a Special Protocol Assessment with the FDA. If they agree with the proposed design of the registration trials, we should be able to begin two Phase III trials late this year or more likely early next year. We intend to present the data from the ongoing Phase II study at the ASH meeting in December, the American Society of Hematology. Based on the efficacy weve seen in the myelofibrosis patients treated with 18424, weve now initiated a Phase II trial in patients with two other myeloproliferative diseases, polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia. Many of these patients share a number of common clinical signs with those patients who have myelofibrosis including splenomegaly and the constitutional symptoms associated with what is referred to as the cytokine storm, very high levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines seen in many of these patients. While we expect to have top line data to share later this year, we believe at this point that ASCO may be a more appropriate form to formally submit and present the PBET results. At EULAR we presented data on the [inaudible] first cohort of rheumatoid arthritis patients who were treated for a month with 15 milligrams twice a day of 424. The drug was very safe and very well tolerated. We achieved improvement in all individual parameters of the ACR score with overall responses reaching 50% and 25% for ACR 50 and 70 scores respectively. Weve completed enrollment now of the three additional cohorts and expect to present results of the entire study at the American Rheumatology meeting in October. Weve recently completed the three and six month toxicology studies for 424 and thus were prepared to move into a double-blind placebo-controlled Phase IIb three month trial later this year. This could change if Incyte 28050, the follow on compound, looks as good as 424 after it completes Phase I. The single dose arm of the Phase I program is done and thus far the compound looks very promising. The multiple dose portion of the trial should be done by September at which point we can decide if 28050 will become our JAK inhibitor for the oral inflammatory programs. The three and six month tox studies have already been initiated for 28050 which means wed be prepared to begin a three-month Phase IIb trial in RA patients in the first half of next year. Turning to our JAK topical program for psoriasis, weve completed three doses in the subtotal inunction study. Patients in the third dose level applied the topical formulation of 424 on up to 20% of their total body surface area. 424 continues to be well tolerated and improves quite obviously and dramatically the treated psoriatic lesions. We expect to present data from our topical studies at the European Association for Dermatology and Venereology in September. Based on the safety and efficacy weve seen thus far, plans are to begin a three-month topical Phase IIb study in psoriatic patients in the fourth quarter with top line data excepted later next year, most likely early in the third quarter. Turning to diabetes, results from our Phase IIa trial with our HSD1 inhibitor INCB13739 were presented at the ADA meeting in June. This 28-day study showed that 13739 significantly improved hepatic insulin sensitivity, decreased plasma LDL and total cholesterol levels. Improvements in peripheral glucose uptake and lowering of blood pressure were also seen. A three month dose range in Phase IIb study in patients with Type 2 diabetes has been initiated in which once-daily dosing of 13739 is being adding to failing metformin therapy. Were looking at five different once-daily doses compared to a placebo arm and expect to involve 300 patients at clinical sites in the US and abroad. The primary endpoint of the trial is the change from baseline to week 12 in hemoglobin A1c and we expect to complete the study in mid-09. We completed a single and multiple dose Phase I trial with a structurally distinct HSD1 inhibitor INCB 20817. In this study 817 was well tolerated and demonstrated appropriate pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties to support its role as a strong backup molecule to 739. In our other diabetes program which targets the adiposity localized GPCR HM74a to lower free fatty acids, weve initiated a 28-day dose ranging Phase IIa trial with our lead compound INCB 19602. Just to remind you, HM74a is an [inaudible] acid receptor. The study is expected to involve 120 patients with Type 2 diabetes and we expect to have top line proof of concept data from this study early next year. For our Sheddase inhibitor INCB 7839 we continue to enroll her to positive breast cancer patients in a Phase II trial being carried out in India. The trial is designed to evaluate 7839 in combination with Herceptin with results expected late this year. Ill now turn the call over to Dave who will provide a brief description of our Phase II financial results.
David C. Hastings: Ill start my brief overview this morning by discussing our cash position. We ended the second quarter with $188 million in cash and investments. So far our cash use for the year has been $69.3 million. This performance is on plan and our cash use guidance for the year remains unchanged at $132 million to $142 million. Another area I would like to briefly discuss this morning is our operating expenses, particularly research and development costs. Thus far operating expenses are in line with our expectations. R&D expense totaled $71.1 million and although our R&D expenses can vary from quarter to quarter due to the timing of our clinical activities, were on track to incur between $140 million and $148 million for the year. Our R&D spending reflects our commitment to invest in the clinical pipeline which you saw today continued to make excellent progress.  So with that Ill turn the call back to Paul.
Paul A. Friedman: Lets just move along and open the call for questions at this point please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan.
Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan: Two questions here, both relating to the JAK II program. Could you please discuss the difference if any in the burden of proof between the MF indication and PV and ET in terms of most relevant clinical outcomes? And then the second question relates to the developments yesterday in acknowledging that, its obviously early but discuss what you learned from the FDA panel meeting for Actemra for the RA indications?
Paul A. Friedman: The PV and ET patients that we are enrolling are those who are farther along in their disease and these are people who have the same issues that myelofibrosis patients have but they still have a hyperproliferative marrow and with one of the blood cell types predominating in its elevation. With PV it being the red cell and with ET it being the platelet. So what were hoping to be able to do, and I actually have a reasonable amount of confidence were going to be able to do this - I know we will shrink the spleens and I know we will improve the constitutional symptoms in the same manner that weve seen with myelofibrosis. That in its own right would be of huge benefit to these patients because they suffer from the same kind of debilitating issues that the myelofibrosis patients have. But beyond that, in these patients we should be able to take advantage of the myelosuppressive properties of the JAK II inhibitory mechanism to bring back to normal or toward normal the elevated counts that these patients have. That in a nutshell is what were trying to do in this study that weve just started in PV and ET patients which will involve about 100 patients. With respect to the Actemra FDA advisory meeting yesterday we were very, very encouraged by that because it means that both the FDA, based on the comments that they made, and the vote and the discussion that went on amongst the physicians that people are open to these types of mechanisms having an important role in systemic inflammatory diseases with RA being one but there obviously are quite a few others. The really encouraging thing is that when you look at what Actemra does and you look at the PK of a monoclonal antibody, with something like the 8 milligrams that they give, theyre taking the Interleukin 6 receptor out all day long completely. Our PK is one where we have a peak of activity and then it falls off and we have off time from the receptor. Additionally, we take out other pro-inflammatory pathways such as the Interleukin 12, Interleukin 23 pathways for example, so I think when you couple all of that with where we are and the efficacy that weve seen so far in the rheumatoid patients and with what Pfizer has reported and we expect them to report in October, I think it augers very positively for oral JAK inhibitors as a breakthrough type of mechanism for systemic inflammatory diseases, obviously including RA.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Also two questions here. One is just on the cash that youre raising. Was the plan here to raise enough money to be able to complete the Phase III trials for the myelofibrosis indication? And maybe you could describe where the potential cash position could get you to as far as data read-outs go? And also on the Actemra discussion, are there animal models that predict these side effects with Interleukin 6 inhibition? Would you expect to see a similar side effect profile with 424?
Pamela M. Murphy: Thomas we cant really directly answer your questions regarding the offering. Dave can give you a top line view of what he said before but we cant respond to specific questions on the offering.
Paul A. Friedman: Do you want to say anything about it Dave?
David C. Hastings: My answer to Thomas question on the -
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Maybe a different way to ask it is, have you given us a sense of the cost of the development programs for myelofibrosis, the Phase III trial?
David C. Hastings: We havent given that exact guidance although given the number of patients Thomas, its not a significant capital intensive trial.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: And that is true across the range of co-primary endpoints that you might involve in the trial?
David C. Hastings: Yes. Its really driven by the number of patients in the trial as well as the type of testing those patients require. I guess in terms of our cash position, really our guidance hasnt changed at all Thomas in terms of amount of capital required to potential launch in MF. So there are really no updates there.
Paul A. Friedman: So with respect to your question about animal models and Interleukin 6, Id say not really with one possible exception. And just let me run through. First of all, I dont know what the GI perforations mean. There were three; they were in different parts of the GI tract. That could be a statistical fluke. You do see that sort of thing in rheumatoid patients who are getting steroids or getting [ensades]. You can see for example perforation to adrenal ulcers. I dont know what that means and Im not sure it has anything to do really with blocking the Interleukin 6 receptor pathway.  With respect to the lipid increases that were seen, I think that is mechanism based and I think if you significantly block Interleukin 6 pathway you will see in some people increases in their lipid profile.  With respect to the liver, there are multiple mechanisms that were hypothesized for the changes that were seen with Actemra. One of them would be a direct effect in blocking Interleukin 6 where Interleukin 6 has been shown in animals to be important in liver regeneration in an injury models. So depending on how completely you take out that pathway, you would see in rodent models an effect on liver regeneration after different types of injury. Whether or not we would see it since we have a significant amount of off time during the day, we dont know at this point and we have not investigated that in animal models but we will going forward. I would just add one other thing before we go to the next question. It just crossed my mind. Pfizer is looking in a three to six month study at multiple different doses of their JAK inhibitor and none of those dosing groups have been stopped and we certainly have heard nothing about a significant liver signal. We may learn more about that at ACR but I think no news of that type up until this point I think is probably pretty encouraging and again may be reflective of the off time that you have with this mechanism during the day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katherine Kim - Bank of America Securities.
Katherine Kim - Bank of America Securities: My question has to do specifically with the timing of the pivotal trials for 424. Will you be able to have agreement with the FDA before ASH so basically at ASH youll be able to look at the different endpoints that you have studied? And right now as you currently know it, are you fairly certain that the endpoints youre looking at, that youre testing with enrolling additional patients, that youre comfortable that thats going to be one of the endpoints done, are you going to have agreement with the FDA?
Paul A. Friedman: What weve done is we have seen in the first few cohorts of patients changes that have guided us to make amendments to the protocol to prospectively from zero time do quantitative evaluations of these parameters. So from what weve seen in the first cohorts where the measurements were not done in a prospective quantitative way, because we were trying to see what we would see in the first cohorts, all indications are that all those parameters should show improvement when done in a prospective way now that we have IRB approval for the amendments that are now enrolling in this new cohort. We had to wait. It takes a while with these IRBs to get approval to move ahead. So weve just begun to move ahead in July. We have to have more interaction with the FDA but all indications from the discussions we had with them in the first meeting are that the things that we are looking at are things that they would be receptive to as co-primary endpoints. But we will have to get the results, well have to show them the results, and well have to get agreement at that point in time. When you say, am I confident, Im as confident as I can be before we actually get the prospective data and then well talk to the FDA. I dont think I can be any more precise than that.
Katherine Kim - Bank of America Securities: So there is a possibility then that we might see the data in ASH and you may not have agreement in terms of getting an SPA at that point; thats a possibility?
Paul A. Friedman: I think theres that possibility. I think theres a possibility that we wont present all the data at ASH for competitive reasons. We havent decided that yet. If we had data that it made sense to present, wed present it at ASH but we may not. Well have to see.
Katherine Kim - Bank of America Securities: In terms of the RA data, so far youve enrolled all the patients. Can you make any comments on any safety signals that youve seen at the high doses?
Paul A. Friedman: We havent seen any safety signals. Its profoundly safe in this population over one month of treatment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Analyst for Sapna Srivastava - Morgan Stanley.
Analyst for Sapna Srivastava - Morgan Stanley: Just a quick question on the diabetes program. I know thats something that you guys have said youd be open to partnering. Have you had any change in the types of discussions that you may be having around this given the perception that diabetes drugs may be more expensive and more risky to develop with some of the things that have been going on at the FDA?
Paul A. Friedman: We actually were somewhat relieved after that panel discussion because we were concerned that it was going to be a more onerous discussion that it turned out to be. I think if you have no CV signal, you should still do pretty well. The size of the trials may be somewhat larger than they otherwise had to be. I think people who play, big pharma companies that play in this arena are not going to be dissuaded by that. It will probably cost a bit more for them to get from start to finish. It has not changed the discussions that were having with people. Weve had people who have said they want to wait and see the Phase IIb data. Weve had other people who have told us they were very impressed with what we presented at ADA and we have ongoing discussions with those folks. The tone of those discussions has not changed in any significant way based on everybody learning what happened at that panel discussion.
Analyst for Sapna Srivastava - Morgan Stanley: Have you guys probably during the Phase I part of the development for this program, did you do any measurements of any cardiac parameters like EKGs or QT, I know you measure cholesterol, but any other things that people might want to make sure has been measured before they would step in?
Paul A. Friedman: We certainly have done that. Weve done some not halter monitoring but where you record heart rates overnight; blood pressure which actually went down both systolic and diastolic; and its small but the numbers look pretty significant; the lipids go down, they dont go up; we dont gain any weight. The mechanism should be cardio protective mechanism and I think that is one of the attractive features of the mechanism for people who are in discussion with us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Annabel Samimy - UBS.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: You just answered my question, but just on that same data regarding the diabetes compound, in the Phase IIb study are you going to be measuring all these various cardiovascular parameters on top of the HBA1c?
Paul A. Friedman: Sure. Were going to do glucoses, blood pressure, lipids, the whole ball of wax, but the primary endpoint is hemoglobin A1c.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC.
Liisa A. Bayko - JMP Securities, LLC: One question on the diabetes and then one on psoriasis. Can you just talk a little bit about the follow on compound, how it differs from the first compound for the HSD1? And then just on psoriasis, could you maybe please elaborate a little bit more on what your plans are for Phase IIb in terms of study design?
Paul A. Friedman: For 20817 its a structural distinct compound. Theres some relation to the lead. Its a more potent compound but other than that its just a structurally distinct backup that has a potency advantage. But its turned out that with what weve seen with 739 in men that its more than potent enough and the daily milligram dose with 817 would be even lower than what you see with 739 but were anticipating a relatively low milligram daily dose for 739. So at the moment were not planning to take 817 beyond Phase I but its there as a very viable backup for discussions in partnering where a partner would have the confidence that should something happen to 739, youd have a structurally distinct compound as a backup. With respect to the study design for Phase IIb psoriasis, if Rich Levy is on the line and can address that, I would ask him to do so.
Richard Levy: Yes, Im here. Its a fairly straight forward dose ranging study looking at three different concentrations of the cream formulation as well as vehicle. So it would be essentially a four-arm study with a fairly large number of patients. I dont think weve said how many yet but more than enough to look at efficacy which would be quite simple, but also to help be able to distinguish between the concentrations and to look further at safety over a three-month period where patients will be treated with disease up to 20% of their body surface area. Weve already seen great efficacy. In a month we expect to see greater improvement as you treat for longer than a month. Weve seen great safety for a month. We dont believe that there are likely to be significant safety problems with the topical that would come up after a month but this will answer those questions. And then hopefully from this study wed be able to go on and start your registration studies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: I just wanted to clarify first with 424 and MF from some of the language in your Q. Is there a scenario at all where you would proceed into Phase III without an SPA?
Paul A. Friedman: Its conceivable but I think it would be unwise not to try very, very hard to get an SPA. So that is our current plan.
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: With regard to the PV and ET trials, it sounds like theres going to be top line data before the end of the year. Can you talk about the plans for Phase III there, whether youd be looking for an SPA as well and whether that potentially could be rolled into maybe one large trial or two large trials maybe concurrently with the MF work?
Paul A. Friedman: I would say there may be some data by the end of the year but I dont think theres going to be that much. I think therell be data on spleen reduction and improvement in constitutional symptoms but you can take that as a given today that were going to see improvement in both of those. It doesnt make sense that we wouldnt. The real key is whether or not we can in addition to that lower or bring down for example in PV the elevated hemoglobin. And while well have [verticulicite] signals and well probably see movement toward normalization of the red count, the lifespan of a red cell is 120 days so youre going to have to keep these people and youre going to have to have a reasonable number of them on drug for a reasonable period of time to come to whatever the new study state is for their red count. I think we will have some data by the end of the year. I think its going to be well into 2009 before we have the, I think we have 100 people that were planning to put into this study, were going to have long enough term data on enough of them to be in a position to finalize plans for pivotals and also whether it would be one or two and exactly how that program would go forward. I think its a little premature without that data to know precisely what we would do and how soon we could do it.
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: The diabetes compound 739, Im just wondering how conservative youre being in terms of data reading out from the IIb study? And if its a three-month endpoint, is there anything that you can do from an enrollment standpoint to accelerate the data from that program?
Paul A. Friedman: The one thing that we think might help us but well have to see whether it actually does is the fact that a number of the sites that were using had patients lined up to go on to studies for the Pfizer inhaled Exubera product and when those studies fell through, the indication was that they thought that they would have more people available sooner. But the proof is in the pudding there. Were going to have to see whether that does accelerate enrollment. I think we may be being somewhat conservative but I would just like to see whether that bears out as the people at those sites have indicated it would. Its early days for that but there is some hope that well enroll more quickly.
Thomas J. Russo - Robert W. Baird & Co.: With 424 and MF, have those patients that have continued on now in an additional couple months since the meeting, are there any patients where the durability of affect has been lost while they remained on drugs?
Paul A. Friedman: Its pretty remarkable actually. We now have three people whove been on the drug for more than a year. We have I think 18 who have been on the drug for nine months or more. There are a number of those who are approaching a year. Its a durable response. Its pretty remarkable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity Partners.
Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity Partners: Most of my questions have been answered, but just one question. Is there any data to show that some of the endpoints that the international working group assigned just recently have any correlation with survival in the MF population? I know its early days but is there any studies on that front?
Paul A. Friedman: Im going to ask Rich to address that question. I think the short answer is probably no but there are some parameters that if the patients have those parameters their life expectancy is less long and since we are affecting them, you might have some degree of confidence although it is early days that there could well be a survival benefit. But Rich, can you elaborate on that a bit?
Richard Levy: There are two ways of looking at survival. One are the characteristics that the patient has when they present to you so things like severe anemia, increased spleen size, and things like that can be measures of poor survival. So there are a number of survival indices that predict which patients are going to do well and which are not going to do so well. Some have been around for several years. Some new ones are likely to be published within the next year. Its a slightly different question to then ask, Well if you improve those parameters with a drug therapy, will you improve survival? The logic of it says yes but the proof is in the pudding. Now because there have not been any effective drugs in myelofibrosis yet, those things really havent been tested. So its known for example that actually successful in doing a bone marrow transplant which has a relatively low success rate in part because of the danger of the procedure itself in these usually elderly patients, if you improve those things you can improve survival. So we expect based on the profile of the drug that several of the attributes of the drug could improve survival but theres no data out there specifically saying that a drug that does X will improve survival yet because its just too soon, because were kind of the first ones to be there and have that chance to see.
Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity Partners: One question on the HSD1 program. Can you just comment on some of the data you presented in terms of the increase in plasma ACTH levels and then the corresponding sort of downstream effect in the treatment group and then the downstream effect in terms of cortisol coming back? Is that a potency issue or is that a selectivity issue? Can you help us understand that?
Paul A. Friedman: Rich, do you want to answer that?
Richard Levy: The cortisol thats made in the body, a lot of it is made in the adrenal glands and as is newly appreciated about a third of it is made in places like fat in the abdomen. So when you use a drug like 13739 which inhibits HSD1, it has no affect on the production of cortisol in the adrenal glands but its basically depending upon the dose shutting down the production of cortisol. The way it works is it blocks the conversion of cortisone to cortisol in certain tissues including the visceral fat so that in the end the net effect, the first initial effect is that your total body cortisol is going to go down. So what happens is the hypothalamus and pituitary sense that theres decreased cortisol so its normal physiologic function is to put out more ACTH at least temporarily to get the adrenal glands to put out more cortisol. So what you see is at least in an initial increase in ATCH in some patients to maintain a completely normal cortisol level, and not only is it normal when you look at it in the average point in time but theres also a diurnal rhythm. Cortisol levels are higher in the morning than they are at night. Those rhythms from the adrenal glands are also maintained normally. This is exactly what you would want to see and its what were seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rachel McMinn - Cowen and Company.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen and Company: I wanted to clarify your comments on the PV and ET enrollment criteria. Are patients in the study, do they need to have splenomegaly in addition to [hightownsen] on the red or their platelet cell count?
Paul A. Friedman: I believe thats right. That is correct, right Rich?
Richard Levy: Yes, they have to have some degree of splenomegaly but not the massive splenomegaly that is seen and required in the myelofibrosis study going forward.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen and Company: On the metformin comment that you made with the Phase IIb 739 study, you mentioned that patients need to be failing metformin. Does that mean that theyre going to have to be on maximal doses of metformin or just have an uncontrolled A1c in whatever entering dose they have?
Paul A. Friedman: Rich.
Richard Levy: We had considered both of those designs and eventually settled on allowing them to be on whatever dose of metformin that theyre on so that you dont have to titrate them all the way up to the highest dose which is not tolerated in most people. If this were a registration study, you would most likely have to demonstrate that you could show benefit over the maximum dose of metformin. But it has become the industry standard for Phase II thats not necessary at this stage to (1) be able to demonstrate that your drug is an effective therapy for diabetes and (2) to help you select a dose.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen and Company: So at this point youre just kind of looking for directionally what level of efficacy youre going to see on top of metformin and then from there you would do further exploration to look at maximal metformin doses?
Richard Levy: Yes. In the likely registration study with metformin, patients would have to have shown that they couldnt accomplish the same thing by just increasing the dose of metformin. Now obviously if they couldnt tolerate a higher dose of metformin, you wouldnt have to force the patient to do that. But this is a fairly standard design at this stage and were very comfortable with it.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen and Company: In terms of the current MF study, Im not sure if youve mentioned this before, but can you mention how long youre going to be evaluating patients? So once you get those additional 50 patients enrolled, is it just four weeks and then at that point youll be able to prospectively evaluate these various endpoints?
Paul A. Friedman: We will be evaluating them at one month but we will certainly keep people on the drug, just as were doing now. I hope well be able to keep many of these people on the drug right up through registration so that we might be able to get some survival data even though it would not be done in a controlled way. We will continue to make measurements of those parameters at intervals beyond a month but were hoping that within a month at least some of the parameters will give us what were looking for.
Rachel McMinn - Cowen and Company: Just to be clear then, the one month is what youre hoping will be sufficient to submit data to the FDA for an SPA?
Paul A. Friedman: Were certainly hoping that, yes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Paul A. Friedman: I appreciate everybody who called in since we changed the day and the time for doing so. And we look forward to updating you again at our next quarterly call. With that I think well terminate the call. Thanks again.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Murphy - VP of Investor Relations and Communications Paul Friedman - President and CEO Dave Hastings - EVP and CFO Rich Levy - SVP of Development
Analysts: Richard Smith - JP Morgan Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray Annabel Samimy - UBS Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities Dave - Morgan Stanley Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Incyte Corporation fourth quarter and year end 2007 financial result. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the following presentation (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Pamela Murphy, VP, Investor Relations and Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Pamela Murphy: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Paul Friedman, Incyte's President and Chief Executive Officer and Dave Hastings, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rich Levy, Senior Vice President of Development is also with us. During today's call, Paul will begin with a review of the progress we have made in our clinical programs as well as key objectives for 2008. Dave will follow with the discussion of Incyte's fourth quarter and year end financial results and provide you with our 2008 financial guidance. We'll then open up the call for Q&A. Before beginning, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today, including statements regarding our plans and expectations for our drug discovery and development programs and our financial results and guidance, as well as the potential efficacy of our compounds are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2007 and from time to time in our SEC documents. Paul?
Paul Friedman: Okay. Good morning everyone. At the beginning of last year, I was optimistic about the prospects for 2007 and I shared that optimism with you on a number of calls. An optimism I think was justified based on the [rosamic] success we have had in multiple proof-of-concept trials across the broad spectrum of clinical programs. Because of this success, we expect to have as many as 15 Phase II trials underway in 2008. Some of these will complete this year and some will extend into 2009. While success in anyone of these programs has a potential to transform Incyte from a clinical stage company into a successful commercial one the JAK inhibitor program is our top priority. It not only offers the potential for a rapid development and approval path in myelofibrosis. It also affords multiple other opportunities for development in the other myeloproliferative diseases as well as other liquid and solid cancers and in chronic inflammatory conditions as well. After first reviewing the JAK program I'll then follow with updates and key objectives in our other clinical programs HSD1, HM74a, sheddase CCR5 and CCR2. Our most advanced JAK inhibitor program is in myelofibrosis, which is a life threatening disease with no effective or approved therapies and we believe this indication will qualify for expedited review and approval. Additionally because the myelofibrosis patients as well as the other myeloproliferative disease is polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia are treated by a well defined and highly concentrated community of physicians. These are indications that we can develop and commercialize on our own. Although many of you may know a fair amount about myelofibrosis, I want to briefly review this disease for those who may not be as familiar with the underlying biology or the needs of these patients. Recently a genetic alteration valine to phenylalanine mutation at physician 617 in the kinase enzyme JAK2, which is one of four JAK family members, has been identified in the large excess of cells that are clonally expanded in these patients. There is compelling data indicating that this mutation is possibly low with all three of the myeloproliferative diseases. Advanced myelofibrosis patient suffer from splenomegaly, large spleens, which can be a major source of morbidity, as well as a serious detriment to quality of life. The massive spleens in these patients displace and compress other organs in the abdomen like the stomach causing a variety of symptoms including pain and early satiety. Additionally, the increased levels of inflammatory cytokines, which contribute significantly to the malaise fatigue and loss in the overall quality of life in these patients, are thought to be produced by the cells in the enlarged spleen. The striking responses seen in the initial 11 myelofibrosis patients in our ongoing Phase II trial with Incyte 18424 our lead JAK inhibitor were recently presented at ASH by Srdan Verstovsek, our investigator at M.D. Anderson. We have now enrolled an additional 21 patients and continue to see remarkable and unprecedented effects highlighted by dramatic durable decreases in spleen size in all of the patients. In addition to the reduction in spleen size, these patients have experienced a fairly positive improvement in their quality of life with an increase in energy levels and a return to normal daily activities. They can once again lie flat without shortness of breath. Their appetites improve and patients many of whom were [hectic] because of the early satiety caused by the enlarged spleens compressing their stomachs these patients are gaining weight. The current 25 milligram twice daily dosing continues to be very well tolerated with the initial patients now on drug out past six months. We are currently exploring lower b.i.d. doses and even once daily doses to define the best starting dose for our registration study and by the end of March we should have over sixty patients enrolled in this Phase II study and we expect to finalize those selection within the next couple of months. We intend to meet with the FDA to define the requirements for approval and discuss the potential for an expedited regulatory path and provided we can reach consensus on this requirements, which we hope to do in the first half of the year, we intend to initiate our registration trial in the second half. In parallel with our myelofibrosis development program, we intend to begin Phase II trials in patients with other myeloproliferative disease just specifically more advanced polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia. These trials are expected to begin around the middle of the year. Now as you may have seen in the press release this morning, we are also beginning Phase II trials this month in multiple myeloma and hormone refractory prostate cancer patients as their strong validating data implicating JAK signaling in both of these malignancies. Multiple myeloma, a haematological malignancy of plasma cells has been closely tied to interleukin- 6 stimulated JAK signaling in both human and rodent studies. In multiple myeloma patients, interleukin-6 and soluble interleukin-6 receptor, which actively functions that agonist of interleukin-6 signaling are elevated and they are associated with poor prognosis. The link between the interleukin-6 receptor mediated JAK signaling and multiple myeloma is supported by rodent studies that demonstrate interleukin-6 is necessary and sufficient for producing plasma cell malignancy. So, selective inhibition of JAK kinase activity in multiple myeloma patients may well provide clinical benefit. Inappropriate JAK signaling is also likely to play a role is some solid tumors. Prostate Cancer is the most common malignancy in males, the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States. While most patients with metastatic disease initially respond well to androgen ablation many progress the hormone independents. A number of study suggests that the development of refractory disease is related to self signaling through interleukin-6 as well as the growth factor prolactin, which also signals through JAK-STAT pathways and we believe inhibition of JAK signaling by 424 could be a benefit in these refractory patients. I hope to be able to share top line results from these two trails later on in the year. Moving to inflammation, we have completed all Phase I trials in healthy volunteers in whom 424 was very well tolerated that doses up to 25 milligrams twice a day and 100 milligrams once daily. We are currently conducting a placebo controlled dose ranging 28 day Phase IIa study in rheumatoid arthritis patients poorly controlled on a background demark containing regimen of primarily methotrexate. In early January, we described our preliminary efficacy results from this trial that involved the small number of patients, who were receiving 15 milligrams of 424 twice a day for 28 days. Three of the four patients achieved ACR50 and two of those actually met ACR90 criteria. Although these results are from a small number of patients, its important to realize that while some patients on biologic such as the anti-TNFs can attain ACR90 this level of effectiveness with the anti-TNF is usually seen in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis and then only after prolonged therapy. Importantly, we have seen no adverse effects in these patients at the initial 15 mg twice daily dose. We are in the process of completing these first cohort of patients after which we planned to evaluate several alternative doses in parallel including lower b.i.d. doses and a once day dose. Our goal is to present results from this trial at the EULAR Meeting in June. We planned to begin a six month Phase IIb RA trial in the second half of the year. This trail will include a three month interim analysis that could be used to support an endophase II meeting with FDA, which would then allow us to begin plans for the Phase III program. Moving to psoriasis an oral 28-day Phase IIa trial in patients with advanced disease is schedule to begin late in the first half of this year. As some of you know, Pfizer's oral pan-Jak inhibitor has shown positive effects in these patients and we fully expect that 424 will also prove to be beneficial in the setting especially considering the excellent results, we have already seen in our Phase II trail with topical 424. And with regard to the topical psoriasis program, we are close to completing the Phase IIa dose ranging trial in mild-to-moderate psoriatic patients. Thus far 424 has been extremely well tolerated with no adverse effects in any dose and we have seen rapid and sustained improvements in the primary endpoints with efficacy comparable to the potent topical steroid Diprolene, although I should note that the potency comparison involves a relatively small number of patients at this point. We are about third of the way through a required subtotal inunction safety study in which each day for a month, the compound is applied topically to cover up to 20% of the subject's total body surface, which exceeds the exposure levels you could see in the majority of mild-to-moderate psoriatic patients. No local or systemic side effects have been seen in this ongoing study. If 424 doesn't produce any of the troublesome skin atrophy seen with steroids or any of the redness, scaling and peeling associated with topical retinoids, which we've not seen with 424 nor would we expect to. This indication could prove to be a significant commercial opportunity. At this time, we appear to be the only company with a topical JAK inhibitor in clinical development. Lastly on JAK, we are advancing a structurally distinct follow on molecule, Incyte 28050 into Phase I, which is expected to begin in the second half of the year. Now moving to our two metabolic programs for type II diabetes HSD1 and HM74a, I previously described the positive top line results from the Phase II 28-day two step clamp study for our lead HSD1 inhibitor Incyte 13739, in which we saw improvements in six different measures of glucose control and cardiovascular risk, fasting plasma glucose clamp-measured liver glucose production, and clamp-measured peripheral glucose uptake, LDL and total cholesterol and triglycerides. We expect to present the full dataset from the study at the ADA meeting in June. We now intend to move ahead with Phase IIb study and remain on track to started in March, April timeframe. This is a dose ranging study with once-a-day 739 given in combination with metformin in patients with poorly controlled hyperglycemia. In addition to measuring hemoglobin A1C, we will assess multiple cardiovascular risk factors, which considering the 28-day study results we already have, could differentiates 739 from the glitazones and establish a positive cardiovascular risk modifying profile for the compound. The follow-on compound Incyte 20817 is expected to begin Phase I also in the March, April timeframe. For our other metabolic disease program, which I described for the first time in January, we are in a 10-day dose-escalation of Phase I trail in healthy volunteers, with a HM74a agonist Incyte 19602. Patients with type II diabetes have elevated free fatty acids and reducing circulating free fatty acid levels rapidly improves glycemic control. While approved HM74a agonist can reduce circulating free fatty acid levels. They do not maintain the suppression throughout the day, in fact because of the 15 minute half-life of niacin, free fatty acid levels rebound above baseline as niacin levels fall. In addition, niacin and its congeners, such as Niaspan, produce cutaneous flushing which limits use of these agents. I should note that the agents -- these agents are approved for in use to increase high-density HDL cholesterol. Because of their short half-lives and the free fatty acid rebound I just mentioned they can't be used to treat diabetes. By contrast, in our completed single-dose and ongoing multi-dose trial, we have demonstrated that 602 reduces free fatty acid levels without rebound at the end of the 24 hour dosing interval and does not produce the flushing seen with niacin and its derivatives. The results demonstrate that 602 has the potential to overcome the two major limitations of niacin and Niaspan and could well be a useful treatment in type II diabetes. Assuming the compound continues to be well tolerated, we planned to begin a one month Phase IIa trial in the second quarter. As this mechanism of lowering free fatty acid should provide rapid improvement in glycemic control, we believe this one month trial has the potential to provide proof-of-concept for 19602 is the treatment for type II diabetes. Finally, on the metabolism progress because they address primary care indications, our intension remains to establish strategic partnerships for both BHSD1 and HM74a programs. Now moving to our sheddase inhibitor for solid tumors, we reported at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium that Incyte 7839 get stable disease in four or five HER2 positive breast cancer patients in Phase I and its now in a Phase II trial for this indication in combination with Herceptin. A second Phase II trail is schedule to begin later this year evaluating 7839 is monotherapy results from these two trials are expected in the second half and early into 2009. With respect to our lead CCR5 the antagonist 9471 will initiate two Phase IIb trials in treatment experienced HIV patients beginning in the middle of year. We continue to believe that the impressive antiviral potency seen with 9471, its ability to be taken as once a day therapy without ritonavir boosting as well as its potential to be formulated in combined with other once daily antiviral therapies have the potential to be clinically relevant, competitive advantages over other CCR5 antagonists and because this is our only HIV program its also one, we would consider partnering. Our CCR2 antagonists for multiple sclerosis, is in Phase I development and here again given the longtime -- development timelines for multiple sclerosis drugs and because we have so many Phase II trials plan and already underway this too is a program, we would consider partnering. Lastly, we also have two discovery stage oncology programs that looks promising both have lead compounds in preclinical development and we expect to file INDs for both programs later this year. I'm now going to turn the call over to Dave, who'll review our fourth quarter results and '08 financial guidance. As you would expect given the clinical success, we achieved in 2007 and the fact that we have advanced so many of our programs into Phase II development, we have increased our clinical development budget in 2008. Before able to form any of the partnerships, I alluded to earlier, our net cash use for the year will decrease from the guidance that Dave will describe to you now. Dave?
Dave Hastings: Thanks, Paul and good morning, everybody. I'll start with a brief overview of our year end financial results and then I'll provide financial guidance for 2008. Our ending cash at December 31, 2007 was approximately $257 million. During 2007, we use approximately $94 million in cash in line with our guidance, which was a use of $88 million to $95 million. This use of cash excludes certain items that we noted in detail in this morning's press release. From an operating perspective, our R&D expense totaled $32.6 million for the fourth quarter and a $104.9 million for the year, which reflects our continued investment in our growing and expanding clinical pipeline. As a reminder, we expect that our R&D expense will vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the timing of our clinical development activities. Now turning to our 2008 financial guidance, in terms of cash we expect to use between $128 million and $138 million in 2008. The increased use of cash versus 2007 is the result of our expanding pipeline. This guidance includes the use of approximately $5.4 million for net lease related cost in our closed California facilities and does not include any funds we could receive from either the Pfizer collaboration or any other future partnerships. We expect our 2008 revenue to be in the range of $3 million to $3.5 million, again this guidance excludes any milestones from the Pfizer collaboration or any other revenue recognized from any other future collaboration. We expect R&D expense to range from $138 million to $145 million in 2008, including our non-cash expense of $12 million to $13 related to the impact of expense in stock options. As I previously mentioned in the cash guidance, the increased R&D expense in 2008 versus 2007, is directly related to the success of our clinical programs and a substantial increase in the number of phase II trials we planned to conduct in 2008. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be in the range of $16 million $17 million in 2008, including a non-cash expense of $4 million to $5 million related to the impact of expense in stock options. As a reminder the impact of expense in stock options is dependent on the level of options issued as well as the market price and other judgmental assumptions used and estimated in the fair value of such instruments.  In terms of other income expenses, we expect interest income to be in the range of $8 million to $10 in 2008, while interest expense is expected to be approximately $25 million. The $25 million includes a non-cash expense of $10 million primarily related to the amortization of the original issue discount on our 3.5% convertible senior notes. So, as Paul previously mentioned we are in a strong financial position to continue investing in our expanding pipeline and we believe that this increase investment will provide a strong return to shareholder value. With that I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Friedman: Okay, thanks Dave. So we've already taken a fair amount of time this morning and we covered a lot. I'm just going to move right in to the question period, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First question is from Richard Smith with JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Yes, good morning and congratulations on the progress so far. Just quick question on JAK2 myelofibrosis, can you just give us a sense of how much the patient data you think you will need have when you go to the FDA with respect to the number of patients also length of treatment and any sense sort of the kind of endpoints that they might suggest you to use in a pivotal trial? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: As I may have mentioned this last time, but we've had several meetings with experts in the field and the consensus has been that endpoints either sustained and profound reductions in spleen size, which we've pretty much across the board with or without the quality of life improvements, where we've dramatic and remarkable changes are thought to be very, very important improvements in the status of these patients by our experts. So, we're coping and I'd say optimistic that when we meet with the FDA that they will agree with that general premise. The devil is always in the details and I think we already have enough patient data to safely go to them and begin to discuss in detail how we would do a registration trial.
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Do you think that you might have just mentioned this reduction in splenomegaly as part of a sort of competent endpoint or do you think that's sufficient on its own?
Paul Friedman: I'll answer this and then if haven't completely answered Rich can either correct me or add to what I'm saying. I think it could well be the primary endpoint and quality of life could be secondary endpoint or that could be co-primary endpoints. What do you say Rich.
Rich Levy: Yeah. I mean, we don't -- we're pretty comfortable that what even if what we think we're going to hear from FDA is not exactly right that any changes that they may make would be something they were equally comfortable with doing. So, if it's purely spleen that's fine, if it's spleen plus other things that should be fine too. We don't by any means expect to get into anything like a survival endpoint for initial approval. There is plenty of precedent for drugs that are having even just improvements on sell counts and nothing has reduced spleens, nothing has reduced symptoms like this drug is doing. And we believe that the FDA is likely to appreciate that and we should have more to be able to tell you after we meet with them.
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you. And one just quick question on the two other trials in multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. Could you give us a sense of the dose that you might be using in those trials?
Rich Levy: We're starting at the similar dose range to what we've already been shown to be safe and effective and then there is individual modifications that are allowed based on safety and tolerability in case, those patient population do anything different. But we're not looking at it from the perspective of starting from the square one and trying to adjust escalate up since we've a fair amount of data already in myelofibrosis and the drugs been well tolerated up to 25 milligram is b.i.d.
Richard Smith - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Thanks. And also on the JAK2 inhibitor curiously if you can give us any more details on what the safety profile as look like as you enrolled more patients, followed more patients in both of those settings has there been anymore cases of myeloma suppression or any other noteworthy adverse events, any discontinuations?
Paul Friedman: Again Rich can correct me if I --I've always seen is --we've seen a few patients, a handful, I'd say patients, who have had reversible thrombocytopenia, which would be, which is not terribly surprising since thrombopoietin signals through JAK2, and myelofibrosis patients, especially advanced myelofibrosis patients have quite compromised bone marrow. So, we are actually gratified that the incidents has been as low as it's been and even in some of those patients we dose adjusted may have been able to comeback on drug, other than that we've seen nothing else, it's been quite clean except for that almost predicted side affect.
Rich Levy: I have nothing to add to that.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: And in the RA trial it sounds like you enrolled some further patients have you seen the same sort of responses as you did in the first four?
Paul Friedman: The issue there was over the holidays, we did not screen or enroll anyone in the first cohort. We only picked up again at the end of the second week in January. So, we have more patients in, but they are not -- they haven't completed the month yet.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: All right thank you.
Operato: The next question is from Annabel Samimy with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Hi, thanks for taking my call. Just on the RA again how many patients again were you expecting to enroll in that first cohort and then you get three months time point and you said that that could facilitate discussions with the FDA. Obviously we are going to have to wait until the six month, until you start any Phase III's on that, looking at the safety, right?
Rich Levy: So, let me just clarify. We are doing a one-month study now. The first cohort total is a total of 16 patients, which I believe as of earlier in the week, 12 were on drug and there were about five or six in screening. So, we should be finished rolling that pretty soon then move on to a number of other doses as Paul said lower BID doses and once-a-day dose, all those will be done in parallel and that should all be done by in the first half of the year. Then in the second half of the year, we will plan to start Phase IIb study that six month study with a three month interim analysis. When we go to the FDA, it will be at the time when all of the patients in the study have completed, the full three months, but many of them because they don't all come in at the same time. We have completed six months of therapy. So we are hopeful that -- and then perhaps you would tend to any safety update or efficacy safety update, when the six months are done just before we start the registration study. So, finishing up IIa in the first half of the year, IIb starting second half and then we think we can go from there to registration trials.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. The doses you're using in the RA trial are clearly lower than in myeloproliferative disorders. Would RA patients have a different safety or side effect reaction to these doses than an MPD patient? Could you draw any kind of links to the safety that you're seeing in the MPD patient?
Rich Levy: Sure, so actually the drug would probably be less well tolerated in a particular dose in myelofibrosis patients. In an RA patients because their bone marrow already is sick and so you add this drug and so the reason that we are at lower doses in RA is that you don't need higher doses. I mean we started at 50 milligrams twice-a-day, saw two ACR90's out of the first four patients, for going down from there, but that's not to say that we've seen any toxicity, any bone marrow effects whatsoever in any of the patients on a 15 milligram b.i.d dose. We're trying to explore range to determine what the range should be in the IIb study. We're not trying to pick one dose the IIb study would include at least three dose levels possibly more of it we haven't made those visions until we see all the data.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. And your, envision in psoriasis will be the similar just as the RA?
Paul Friedman: We envision that we would start at the same places and we'll see what the efficacy is, but it has to be higher. We think we've room to go up and maybe that it could be even lower still. We just don't know. We do know obviously with the topical where you're not getting systemic levels, but you are getting reasonably high concentrations rate in the skin, where you put it on that the drug is effective in psoriasis. So, I suspect the dose levels in psoriasis and RA will be fairly similar but we'll let the data speak for itself.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. And one more question for David if I may, I mean the pipeline is looking great and it's very impressive and is rapidly expanding, but I've to ask the question is your current cash position sufficient for the next couple of years, as I remember correctly, I think in the past you would mentioned that your cash until about 2010 say for example no partnerships are available? Are you still targeting 2010 at that time, there you have enough cash or is partnership really becoming a much greater priority at this point because your pipeline is just exploding?
Dave Hastings: Well, I think that from a recapitalization perspective it's highly dependent on the partnership variable. And I think we've started looking out into '09 as well, it's get more difficult to predict in terms of what the [boundary] really look like that paying on the partnership and how the pipeline is progressing. So, I think we're actually in a pretty strong position from a cash perspective and with the partnership opportunities in front of us we do have leverage there. So, I think we're comfortable at this point as well.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Katherine Kim with Banc of America Securities. Please state you question.
Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. On the JAK2, how many patients do you have on drug right now and how many will you have by presentation at ASCO?
Paul Friedman: We've I think between 30 to 40 patients Rich, more than that?
Rich Levy: Yeah. I think we've about 50 on drug and we might have 60 by the end of the month. And then there is still more room for substantial increases but how many we would actually have at ASCO, I'm not exactly sure yet?
Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities: And how many centers?
Rich Levy: This is all being done right now at two centers. I mean, and the patients are not limiting here I mean they are coming in faster than the centers that we can handle it. I mean they are coming for allover the country perhaps allover the world trying to get in on our drug, it's not an issue.
Paul Friedman: And just to continue on that vein, if as we anticipate the FDA works with us to go forward with the registration trial, we believe that trial or trials will enroll extremely quickly because we've a people waiting large numbers of people actually to get on the drug. And assuming we've reached some kind of an agreement with the FDA would probably also in parallel, we'll have one of these expanded access kind of program.
Rich Levy: Yes, treatment. Different terms, I've used treatment, vertical treatment, IND expanded access.
Paul Friedman: Yeah. So, that more people can benefit from the drug then just the end that would be in a registration trial. But we've to get -- we've to get buying from the FDA first.
Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities: So in terms of clinical responses, we all know about the dramatic spleen reduction, but just can you just let us know, what other things would let's say your experts have told you has been very important and what have you seen so far in your dataset?
Rich Levy: So, I mean virtually every patient has very substantial decrease in their spleen size. This occurs very rapidly. Every patient has had improvements in quality of life. Paul talked about spleen pushing up on the stomach, I think actually the reasons that these people are wasting away is, actually more than that.
Paul Friedman: It's more than that, sure.
Rich Levy: They have the cytokines that make them have no appetite just as you get in terminal cancer patients and when you give our drug that goes away in the just even if they're eating the same amount they're gaining weight. People just have no energy I mean fatigue is 85% of these patients report, severe fatigue. We've looked in an unofficial kind of way through feedback from our investigators about individual aspects of quality of life and they're all -- if you look at an 10 point scale, they are going from like 8 were -- 10 is the worst and 0 with no symptoms, they are going from like 8 to 2s in a week. Now the other aspect of the many of this many of these patients have low counts to start with and we reported at ASH that there was one patient, who required blood transfusions every two to three weeks, and now has gone five months without a blood transfusion. The other patients are not that far out yet. It maybe that one of the reasons, where we potentially looking at lower doses is that you may get all of the benefits without and also start to see some of the counts coming back faster. But we don't think that we need to improve accounts in order to get this drug approved because there are other way to dealing with that people do get blood transfusions there and so what we are offering here, we believe is something that no other drug can accomplish, which is reducing the spleens and having the marked impact on the patients quality life.
Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities: And then finally in terms of the duration of response for the spleen size reduction, what's the median duration?
Rich Levy: Well, the spleens have a comeback.
Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities: Okay.
Rich Levy: And so if I stay on the drug their spleen don't shrink and then come back. So, the duration is just whatever long people have been on the drug and some people have been on the drug eight months.
Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then finally just a financial question I know the guidance doesn't include anything from partners potential partnership or for Pfizer, but are you expecting any milestones from Pfizer this year?
Paul Friedman: Yeah, we don't control that. So, we would never guide to assume that in our financials we would expect milestones.
Katherine Kim - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question is from Sapna Srivastava with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Dave - Morgan Stanley: Hi it's actually Dave calling in for Sapna. Just a question, I know I think talked about warning to hold on to the JAK myelofibrosis indications as un-partnered programs. And how are you thinking about all of the other indications with JAK program. Are you going to be trying to partner out things like RA and psoriasis or do you think you are going to try and hold on to the whole sort of JAK franchise, that you're working to develop and also obviously it's a little earlier, but for the cancer indications what do you thinking about that as well?
Paul Friedman: Yeah. So, for the entire myeloproliferative disorder arena, which includes p vera and essential thrombocythemia, where the end is actually larger than myelofibrosis and as I mentioned it's a small community of physicians centralized that treat these patients. We certainly would have no intention of looking for any partner for that. I guess it's conceivable that it maybe a benefit to us to have a commercial partner in the rest of the world but even that with a small community may will be one that, we -- we think it's one that we can handle ourselves. With respect to multiple myeloma, I think again, since we've said that what we would envision for ourselves, when we grow up is that we would be fully integrated or semifully integrated in oncology inflammation something like multiple myeloma would also be a malignancy that we could certainly handle ourselves. Prostate cancer maybe a different story, but it's not clear that we couldn't. With respect to the other -- other oncology -- so beyond that when you talk about -- you talk about sheddase I think it's too early to know what we'd do with sheddase or the two earlier programs. But it's kind of the direction in which we want to mature. So, we don't -- we're not looking to spin those therapeutic indications off to someone else at this point. I mean, I think there are a lot of moving parts here and we've to see how it plays out. But that's where we -- that's our thinking right now. In inflammation and JAK for topical sclerosis at the moment we again have no intention of looking for partner there let's say, I mean, we're way ahead their. We're seeing pretty dramatic responses with no toxicity whatsoever and there is a fairly clear development path there. With respect to RA, it's conceivable that beyond the Phase IIb study or during the Phase IIb study it may make sense for us to look for a partner. At this point, we're not planning to do that. But we certainly would -- we continually revaluate where we're like everybody else and at this point it's not clear to us that with appropriate market cap appreciation and income from myelofibrosis and the other myeloproliferative diseases that we'd not be in a position to grow to a point that we could not handle the inflamm in the JAK program ourselves. On the other hand, the other programs that I described progress on today are ones, where especially for the metabolism programs there is no that we're looking for partnerships. And for CCR5 and CCR2, we probably, I mean, we'd prefer that if the right kind of deal was available to us.
Dave - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Smith with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Richard Smith - JPMorgan: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up on the HM74a program, do you just give us a sense of the design of the Phase IIa trial? And on the CCR2 is there possibility that Pfizer would take the additional indication that you've been working on?
Paul Friedman: Okay. I'd say I'll answer the latter and I'll let Rich answer the form. I'd say no for multiples sclerosis they are not in the area and it would be like a one-off which is not something I think they probably would not be interested in that. We've to find someone else for partnership there.
Rich Levy: So, in terms of the Phase IIa for the HM74a program again the fear here is and well established area that if you lower free fatty acids, the glucoses will comedown. Now patients with diabetes have alleviated free fatty acids relative to the healthy volunteers that we've been studying so far. So, it's really a two part study. The first part is we study a number of doses to make sure that the dose ranges that are having the really nice effects on free fatty acids that we're seeing in healthy volunteers are still the right doses to be reducing the free fatty acids to where we want in diabetic patients. And then probably, we'll go down from about four doses to probably about two doses and then expand with a significant number of additional patients at one of the -- those two doses with the emphasis in the second part being to lower fasting plasma glucose, which will be the primary thing that you're looking at in the second part of the study. We're not going to be dong clamps this time, and again, hemoglobin A1C is way too slow to change to be able to look at within one month. But as Paul indicated, you can see profound decreases in diabetic if you normalize the free fatty acids within a short period of time. So, this time a month should be fine to see that whereas we put in the clamp in the HSD1 program because we didn't know, whether there will be a mechanism, where we could see effects in a month or not.
Richard Smith - JPMorgan: So, the one month portion you are talking about the second part of the trial, when you expand the patients that maybe two doses?
Rich Levy: Yes, but -- what we expect to do the whole thing this year.
Richard Smith - JPMorgan: Okay, I understood. All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Wei with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Thanks for taking the follow-up. And also on the HM74a program, can you help quantify for us what you mean by a dramatic reduction in free fatty acid levels? And also the correlation between that and fasting plasma glucose, what sort of relative reductions do you need to see to achieve I guess relative to what you're seeing in the healthy volunteers, where would that translate into in terms of an AlC or fasting plasma glucose reduction in diabetics?
Rich Levy: Well, the experiments that we described out of Einstein, where you infused niacin because of the short half life. What you're trying to do there as you're not trying to bottom out the free fatty acids, which you can do with our drug because then you will bring what the patient will then perceive, is starvation. And you'll kind of regulatory mechanisms come into play, which work against what you're trying to achieve. So, what you are trying to do in diabetics, and it's hard because the normals that we're looking at now have normal levels of free fatty acid. So, what you're going to try to do in the diabetics is to simply bring their free fatty acid levels back into the normal range, which is what was done at Einstein over a 16 hour infusion period. And in that short, a timeframe there was a fairly dramatic improvement in glycemic control. And I can't calculate for you now what you'd expect vis-a-vis hemoglobin A1C. But I think if this maybe right -- this maybe right, I don't want to say the wrong thing, but I think if you can decrease fasting plasma glucose by 20 to 30 mg/dL you get something like 1.5% improvement hemoglobin in A1C or 1% improvement in hemoglobin A1C something like that. And so, we've to do the experiments in the diabetics to know. There is nothing we've in the normals vis-a-vis those correlations, which would allow us to answer your question with precision.
Thomas Wei - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Annabel Samimy with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: (inaudible) 5045 just have another question on the HM74a. What are the specific processes does this pathway target or set rather?
Rich Levy: I mean, this is the same -- this is what everyone believes is the receptor for niacin. And so, whereas our focus is on diabetes niacin and Niaspan are used to increase HDL as Paul said. They also reduce LDL perhaps by itself not as much as the statins, but they add to the effect of the statin. So, whereas our preliminary focus is on diabetes, these drugs also have the potential to be used in the hyperlipidemia especially patients with low HDL.
Paul Friedman: And of course with niacin and Niaspan one of the things that limits their uses risk of problematic flushing response that people get. We're not seeing that. So, although again our emphasis here is on type II diabetes and it's parallel and potential will be interesting program would be to look at it for raising HDL. One of the issues with the Pfizer compound was to believe that the HDL was being created was abnormal and I think, it's fairly well known that with niacin now you're simply increasing the production of normal HDL.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. I was just asking to see if with this pathway, if there was any potential side effect that you may -- that may come out of this aren't expected or could be expected?
Rich Levy: Well, I mean so what you've here is a long track record of Niaspan and niacin and what they do is they have two issues, which what I've described. They have the cutaneous flushing, which is due to a release of prostaglandin simulated by agonism of the receptor because of probably the short half-life and the rebound. And we don't get that with this agent so we've gotten rid of that issue, at least we haven't seen it and we don't expect to see it. And the other is the free fatty acid rebound, which in and of itself in people without diabetes is probably not a lot of relevance, but it precludes being able to treat diabetics because in fact when the free fatty acids rebound because of the short half-lives of niacin and Niaspan you actually get worsening of glycemic control. So, we have designed our molecules to eliminate the two known side effects of agonism of this niacin receptor. So, we may get an off target toxicity because of the structure of the compound none of which we've seen so far, and in fact the doses that we anticipate from what we have done with this so far are very low-single digit milligram doses. So, off target effects are usually seen or more frequently seen we are into the hundred of milligrams a day and we are not going to be any where near that. So the potential for this being a very clean compound is very high.
Annabel Samimy - UBS: Okay. Great, thank you. That was very helpful.
Operator: The next question is from Soham Pandya with ThinkEquity. Please state your question.
Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity: Great, thank you. Just one quick question on the JAK2 program, just curious, do you see a reversion away from the mutant allele back to the wild-type upon therapy, and at what point do you see that occurring?
Rich Levy: If you look in either of the peripheral blood or in the bone marrow of the person, you can get an estimate of percentage of the cells that are expressing the mutant versus expressing the wild-type JAK. And in many of these patients that percent of the cells that come from the mutated JAK is very high greater than 95% in many cases. And we see reductions, but we don't see it just go from virtually a 100% to anywhere close to 0% overnight and frankly I don't think you would want to because if all your red cells or whatever being made from cells that have its mutation, you wouldn't want to knock it out altogether. So the percentages are coming down. No one is completely eliminated that we seen so far and we don't know how low it would go we're not looking at this drug as a cure for a disease we're looking at it as a drug that will control the disease and all the data that we have suggest that we're doing really well with that.
Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity: Just remind me does it compound have activity towards the wild type receptor or..?
Paul Friedman: Blood type enzyme, yes. It works against -- it has effectively as the 617 mutant.
Soham Pandya - ThinkEquity: Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Dave Hastings: Hey well, thank you for your attention today. We are quite excited about the opportunities we have created for ourselves and as I've said we are going to make sure that we do not miss a beat on the JAK2 program in particular so that we can get into the registration trial with myelofibrosis and moving along and get the positive endpoints that I'm actually pretty confident we're going to get. We'll tell you that at this stage of (inaudible) development I knew we had great efficacy but I was concerned about the CNS toxicity, I thought, if we get pass that we get approved. This is kind of an analogy. Here since we're out passed six months in a fair number of patients the only thing we've seen is thrombocytopenia along with this tremendous efficacy. I can't say, I'm supremely confident but I'm pretty optimistic that this is a drug and if we have a good meeting with the FDA, which we are anticipating, we'll be back on the horn to talk to everybody soon after that to let you know that. In the meantime the other programs are also very interesting and we've worked deciduously to optimize moving these things along in parallel and trying to do it in a most cost effective way, we can. Our spend is going to go up this year, I think it's wanted for the value that we believe, we can create by doing that and we think it would be a mistake to not take advantage in parallel of everything we've on our plate because of the competitive nature of the drug development business. So, we look forward with a lot of optimism to describing what happens over the next few months with these programs and with that I'll end the call. And thank you again for your time this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
